,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or0-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Be warned. Very misleading photos from hotel,"My biggest advice would be to look at the reviews and other photographs of people’s room. I feel the photographs the hotel displays are completely misleading. Room was so old, definitely not refurbished as a similar reviewer has said below. It looked like someone had punched the wall in the room we stayed in and no attempt had been made to repair it. Location wise, the hotel is in a great spot but definitely would not recommend staying here as our room was appalling. I’m not surprised we were never asked how our stay was when we checked out...",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or0-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The room was not up to standard.  And lack of protocol regarding COVID-19.,"I checked into the hotel today after requesting a refurbished room and was given the room as shown in my pictures.   When I called reception I was told this is a refurbished room. There are no seals on the hotel doors so you don’t know who’s been in the room before you, it should be Covid cleaned and Covid sealed so you know the cleaning has been done and nobody else has been in the room,  the rooms are not sealed and none of them are in the corridor.  When asking the hotel manager if she would stay in that hotel room she said no so I asked why I was put in there and I didn’t get a definitive answer.  The hotel reception is fine but the rest of the hotel rooms in the unfurnished area are very old small and very haggard. Was also told at reception that all of the rooms have been upgraded during the pandemic I don’t think so!!  After much discussion with the hotel manager I was upgraded to a room which was acceptable. I travel an awful lot and I’m Expedia platinum member so I know when I hotel is good and when it is not so good.  The St Giles room is in the not so good category and I do not do reviews unless I feel it is absolutely necessary, on this occasion I feel the room was not even up to a travellodge standards.  The Manager was trying to blame everything on housekeeping, the team should work together and get the hotel in order and get it Covid regulated so everyone knows they are safe when staying at this hotel I still don’t know how many people have been in my room before me as the doors were not sealed.  If you are staying in the standard room beware it may be as the room in my pictures and they tell me that it is an upgraded room I hate to see a room that has not been upgraded here.  Enjoy your stay if you decide to stay here. My review is honest and factual.…",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or0-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, small rooms. Staff surly and unhelpful even when tipped",Hotel is in a great central location and is an old YMCA. Good swimming pool. However staff seem unhelpful and surly even when tipped on previous occasions I have stayed there. Begggers constantly around the hotel asking for money and security seem to take their side against guests even when guests are subjected to very aggressive beggars.,Date of stay: April 2020,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or0-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Canceled due to covid. NO RESPONSE!! ,"BE WARNED!.!.! My wife has been Tring to get our refund back from the London St Giles Hotel since December due to Covid and London going into Tier 4. We were due to stay 1 night to see a show in London this show had been cancelled alo g with restricted travel. My contract the hotel immediately and was advised then we would be getting a refund, but it can take 10days. Many, many phone calls later we are still no closer to a refund, I'm writi g this as off the 19th January 2021,with still no date for a refund. This is discusing customer service. From he reviews it looks like only the good reviews get answered on here. Would I recommend NO! Would I Re-book absolutely not!",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or0-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews, Cancelled my booking ,Absolutely disgusted by this hotel .. I booked this hotel as I was going into the rehabilitation Center at The national hospital for neurology and neurosurgery in queens square on January 5th  ..I had booked for 4th to 5th as I have to be there for 10am ...but this afternoon received an email saying they have cancelled my reservation ... ... definitely will not be booking this hotel in future... ,Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Hotel ok,"Got a great deal on Groupon.  1 night late check out and breakfast for 2 with a drink on arrival.  On arrival I approached the reception. The lady behind the desk took some time to find my booking. She gave me room key said floor 6 and that was that.  No drink, did not tell me anything else.  Later that evening I asked another pm reception staff to verify I was booked in for breakfast. She did confirm and she did say yes to late check out.  Nothing. Mentioned about my drink so I never said nothing.  My bed was a very small double and the room radiator did not work.   Ended up sleeping on the small sofa as the room was warm.   Thanks for the stay. ",Date of stay: December 2020,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"The room we had was small but clean and tidy. No kettle which surprised and disappointed me. Reception polite. Good location, very close to theatres and Oxford Street. Beds were comfy however I barely slept due to very noisy people above us. Shouting, sounded like things constantly being thrown on the floor or doors slamming, all through the night. ",Date of stay: December 2020,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,Close the the Dominion theatre. Good location. Small room but comfy bed. Good price. Nice that they have anti bac in the room. Hand gel was provided. Plenty of tea bags provided a bonus. Overall I was pleased for the price and location,Date of stay: December 2020,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I was highly recommended the St Giles,"My colleague recommend me the St Giles . I have been totally surprised that this hotel is all he had suggested ... and some .  After an evening out ‘locally’ . I had one of the best nights sleep ever on a mattress that was exquisite . If I were to come to London, when this COVID  has cleared , to see a show , this is where I would book . ",Date of stay: November 2020,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mouse,"Stayed here for 2 nights as my partner and myself had been brought a meal at The Ritz from my son and also decided to visit the museums. Our room comprised of 2 parts one with the bed and bathroom and the other had a pull down bed and a vanity table they were small but it didn't matter to us.  On the second afternoon my partner and myself were sat chatting in the room when we both saw a mouse run under the bed my partner actually filmed it on his phone running out from the bed under the door, I went to reception and told the lady at the desk, she apologised and moved us to a executive room, we rushed to move our belongings to the other room as it was the day we were going to the Ritz. Opening the door to the new room it was exceedingly hot, we turned the heating off and we could…",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or10-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location is superb, breakfast was nice.","Room was very small, bed very lumpy at one side, couldn't swing a cat in the bathroom & the under the toilet seat was dirty. Got dripped on by water through the ceiling sitting in the reception area. Asked to be upgraded as was advised via trip advisor they do this regularly & was told that due to Covid and the small number of guests staying, part of the hotel was closed so no upgrades were available. Only to stand in reception the next day to hear the same receptionist tell a couple they had been upgraded to an executive suite. Hate being lied to, all in all if u want an ""okayish"" hotel near to shopping & eating central this is the one for you.  If I'd paid the full going rate Id be asking for a refund.  Due to the pandemic there are good bargains to get but due to this…",Date of stay: October 2020,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or10-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fair Price, Great Staff, Rooms Need An Update","Fair price for what you get! Great location, Oxford St on the doorstep, less 5 mins from the underground.   Staff were lovely and helpful at check in. We were able to check in from 10.30 am as the hotel was very quiet due to COVID. Lobby area was clean and tidy. Track and Trace barcode at the front desk for you to scan. Smooth check in.   The main corridor to our room was in the middle of having a makeover. As we walked to and from our room during the stay workman were around painting etc. Not a huge issue but not ideal.   The rooms were small and dated. The bedroom and bathroom were cleaned to good standards. Not a great night sleep as the room gets very hot and the windows don't open fully.   Check out was smooth and we were able to keep our cases at the hotel until we needed…",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or10-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City Centre Hotel close to all the sites,"I stayed for one night for work purposes, the hotel was close to the office I was working in, however, if you are staying socially it is close to all the London siteseeing and the tube. My room was incredibly small but clean & functional for what I needed for one night business stay.  The hotel was very busy with international school groups which meant getting food was slow. Breakfast was self-service buffet with lots of choice.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or10-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed ,"I was very disappointed with my stay here. Only had hot water in the shower for one day of a three night stay. The issue was raised with the front desk which resulted in hot water the following morning,  but it was back to being freezing cold on the third day. The valuables safe was also not working in my room either. Expected a lot better.",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or10-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really good stay and facilities,Stayed friday to Sunday using it as a base to shop and catch up with family and friends . Smart entrance and all covid precautions in place . Welcomed warmly and upgraded free of charge to executive room from city double . Room smart and perfectly adequate size for two  Lovely batheoom with the most powerful shower it was amazing. Swimming pool downstairs and very comfy bed. We stayed in 802 and no noise whatsoever. Lovely roof top view over London. Hotel has a restaurant on mezzanine floor with very limited menu however Hudson’s restaurant and bar is on the hotel ground floor with extensive high quality well stocked bar and great menu . I had juiciest large steak and sides . Great service from The Hudson’s team And from the hotel reception staff.  Left my luggage with concierge…,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or15-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another reliable stay at this hotel,"Stayed early Sep 2020 closely after the hotel had reopened post Covid. I had a classic double room.  It’s an average size for a London hotel room.  Positives- bed was comfortable, bedding and towels were good quality, enough storage, hand sanitiser in the room, room looks well used but is clean.  Less positive- the lifts smell awful, like milk has been spilt and not cleaned up (was the same in December so maybe it’s the bottom of the lift shaft that smells), safe didn’t work at all, completely dead, tv didn’t work until I followed the power lead back to the top of the wardrobe and it had been switched off at the socket, the labels in the TV remote were worn off so I had subtitles on all the time and couldn’t work out how to get rid of them, no kettle or tea bags which I presume…",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or15-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Grand hotel,Great location. Walking distance of oxford street. Rooms were very small but were clean. Wifi was average in the hotel . Good options at breakfast. Not a luxury hotel but more budget hotel - you get what you pay for. Couldn't fault it,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or15-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"On entering the hotel you are automatically temperature checked and quickly checked in. The room 809 is looking a little dated and the windows could do with a clean, we did notice a plug socket on the desk was broken but only used the once. The bed was clean and comfortable as was all the furniture. The toilet was clean but no slippers or dressing gowns for the guests.  We ordered breakfast to the room which was free and were very disappointed as it was all cold and 20 minutes after we wanted it, I did complain to reception and said the following day we would eat in the restaurant instead. That was better you couldn't help yourself and a waiter served you at the table the food was not piping hot but much better. Though out the stay the staff were very helpful and when we left we…",Date of stay: September 2020,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or15-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Quick City Break,"  Travelling at the start of September 2020; the hotel was quieter than usual, due to the pandemic.  St Giles is located a mere ten minute walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station, and is close to the British Museum.  Also you are within a (thirty minute) walking distance of St Paul's Cathedral and Trafalgar Square. Please note that for all attractions now, you have to have a ticket, this is because of social distancing.  Even the British Museum, required you to book a time slot, for the free entry ticket.    Out of the three restaurants advertised in the hotel, only the Sage & Chilli rextaurant was open; for breakfast and an evening meal.  Breakfast is for an additional charge of less than nine pounds, and includes the traditional all day english; with toast and jam.  It's…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or15-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A proper Parks review,"It feels like forever since I last wrote a hotel review. Infact it's been nearly 8 months since our last trip because of the pandemic. Anyway.... here's what you need to know.  St Giles hotel is in an absolutely fantastic location a few doors down fro the Dominion theatre, Tottenham court road tune station and literally across the road from a big Primark, boots and Sainsbury's local. Next to TCR tube station is the famous Oxford Street where the big brands house their flagship stores. Turn left out of the hotel and left again and continue walking for approx 15-20mins and you'll reach Trafalgar Square after passing by Leicester Square. That's it. 20mins walk at a good pace.  For the price conscious Brits like myself there is a wetherspoons pub called the Montague Pyke along the…",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or20-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Our experience was awful!!!,"Where do I start? Firstly, the hotel was falsely advertised as having parking. We actually chose this hotel over 4 others nearby, for the fact that on the booking.com website (not app) on which I booked, stated onsite parking!! The Hotel blamed booking.com, however, their own voicemail says, and I quote 'dedicated onsite parking'. I am disabled, and had to walk over 10 minutes (on crutches) to get to the hotel, from the nearest secure parking.  Which, may I add cost us an additional £65! For a two day stay!!  Please note, we were not the only people who also had this issue, in fact, within 10 minutes of arriving at the hotel we had come across 6 other customers who mentioned they booked at this hotel as it stated it had parking. Secondly, when mentioned to staff about this fact,…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or20-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This hotel is in a great location just around the corner from Oxford Street and ten minutes walk from Covent Garden and Soho so its convenient for theatre goers. We booked an Executive Double and although it was bigger then the double room we had on out previous visit I would not class it as executive. The bathroom was ok in size but in need of an uplift as the shower rail had rust spots along it. It did have good views over the skyline as it was on the 7th floor but apart from the Shard and the roof of the British Museum nothing of real interest was visible. The room was clean and comfortable and we have the benefit of a safe, ironing board and iron and tea and coffee making facilities. Covid safety procedures are in place and hand gel is readily available around reception and…",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or20-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tried, Tested and TIRED!","On entering the St. Giles, we noticed a distinct and lingering stench which we thought could either be the remnants of a deep clean gone damp or drainage. We aren't convinced the deep clean option was the frontrunner.   After an initial mix-up with the booking (not the hotel's doing) - and a brittle exchange with the the gent on reception (lobby area asthetic is great) who presents himself as one who - either really does not enjoy his job in hospitality or have full cognisance of his sector - we got the keys to our room.   Communal areas outside of the lobby are tired and could do with some TLC... the carpets throughout need replacing - they are dirty and smell.   Room was fine, bed was fine, shower was good. No stench in the confines of the room.  Breakfast was a huge…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or20-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, Friendly service, great price","I was just checking the reviews again as I was recommending this hotel to others. Stayed here in November 2018.  I'm surprised and disappointed to see the  number of lukewarm and negative comments.  Yes, it's somewhat older, and the rooms and bathrooms are small....but it's central London! It's a wonderful and charming property, and the service (front desk, concierge, cleaning staff) is great. And the price is unbeatable for a hotel so well situated in the theatre disstrict and close to everything. Many places to eat and great shopping right in the area. Dominion Theatre right around the corner, British Museum (free) is a couple minutes walk, etc.  If you're used to large, luxury properties and can afford to pay 5X the price, then stay there. Otherwise, for most people visiting…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or20-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean nice bar area,Stayed here with a group of friends for a couple nights before Christmas. Staff were welcoming and accommodating. Rooms quite small but that is to be expected in London. Within walking distance to lots of attractions and restaurants  its very central. The bar is well stocked and there is a 24hr diner attached also. I would stay here again next time we visit London,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or25-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,As Tina Turner said......,"‘Simply the best’ Each time I visit london I always make sure I’m staying at this amazing hotel. There’s a simple reason for this.  It’s always clean , welcoming, friendly and helpful. As soon as you arrive there’s a smile and some ones made sure you have been noticed. A good start.  It’s a great foyer with paintings of famous Popstars from the UK including Bowie .  I like the Lower floor as I’m impatient waiting for lifts , my problem not the Hotel. If you are coming to visit for the first time it’s safe to say it’s very central and next to Tottenhamcourt Rd Tube station , The dominion theatre, boots and oxford street. You can walk to Leicester Sq and southbank.  A good breakfast for me is VQ restaurant attached to the Hotel. Seriously the best Hotel I have ever stayed at . ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or25-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only fools and horses...,"Stayed at St.Giles Hotel in November 2019.  Rooms are TINY! Ok if staying one night   Or if only person in room.  Service was very good at reception and quick when arriving.  We stayed about 3/4 way up and view was like old London Town beefed up. Lol   **IF U INTEND EATING DOWNSTAIRS AT HOTEL BEWARE OF PRICES.  SIDE ORDER OF CHICKEN WINGS (5) AND MATCHSTICK FRIES....£26.00 crap!,,  Best part was only fools and horses....cushty.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or25-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,REFUND,Was due to stay at St Giles Bedford Avenue 2nd May obviously it shut I’m still trying to get a refund and been continually fobbed off ie accounts not there I booked according to them under their old booking system in Oct 2019 can’t refund till they go Back had email told back on 1st July now had another email told now not back till 1st August they have had my money since October 2019 I’m still waiting for it back and they cancelled the booking in March If I Ring the Hotel reception answers but are not able to Help will not be staying at any of there hotels in this chain again feel I’m having very shoddy treatment over trying to get my money back,Date of stay: May 2020,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or25-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okay to rest your head,"I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we stayed for one night.  This place is okay for one night as somewhere to rest your head but I do feel that this was oversold to us.    It was sold as having pool and gym/spa facilities but it turns out this is from the YMCA rather than their own facilities.  Plus you have to pay £5 every time you want to go in.  The pool (not the hotel's fault) is literally a swim in a circle until you get tired system.  Not for having fun and I rocked up in a bikini which made me feel very uncomfortable, £5 I'll never get back.  The room was okay, bed was comfortable for me although my boyfriend didn't think so.  The TV didn't work properly and kept losing signal but I wasn't going to complain about it as we weren't there for the TV.  The room was…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or25-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No compassion in a time of need ,I booked an overnight stay 28th march and I am now in the at risk group and have been told I have to self isolate. I have contacted the hotel who arent prepared to offer a refund even though I have said I am happy to pay a cancellation charge I thought they would of been more understanding for something that has been taken out of my control ,Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or30-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is what it is,"I was sharing a room with a friend and although it isn’t the most modern of hotels it is very central. The rooms are small and pokey but staff are friendly with the bonus of having a decent bar open to late on site. Don’t expect much and you won’t be disappointed. Location , location, location  ",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or30-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pretty poor,The room was very dark .Only bed table lights .the door entrance was very small.the door stopper should be moved back .bathroom was good.wardrobe was very tiny  Evening meal did not come with a option of a fea  or coffee .to the owners and management take this has a positive. Change these items and I'm sure the star rating will go up Point 1 Change door stop .not good in an emergency Wardrobe space Poor room lighting,Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or30-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average Property,this is a very busy property.  The rooms we were allocated were very small and very dark.  the breakfast room is massive and I really just wanted to get out of there ...certainly wasn't a relaxing experience.  the fact that it was walking distance to Oxford Street was why we booked it but next time I'll spend more and stay elsewhere.,Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or30-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Great and friendly Staff,The room was excellent as was the service especially as it was a last minute booking and the guy on reception was excellent i didnt catch his name but i think he may be French not sure .I have booked again already to stay again and would highly reccomend this Hotel.,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or30-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful,"Slept in a cupboard masquerading as a bedroom. Entrance door and bathroom (ha ha) door both smaller than a normal size. Big step up into a box made to look like a shower. The room was not clean,  Someone banging on door to do the room very early I know I did not put the sign on the door but come on. Breakfast cold and not brilliant either. Sounded like someone playing the drums with the bins most of the night outside my window.   Very dissapointed.",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or35-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A pleasant overnight experience,We chose the hotel because of the location. We were not disappointed as it was a great overall location. Very close to the underground and the theatre we were visiting was within walking distance. The room was very comfortable and clean and all three restaurants had a great choices of food. Definately hope to stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or35-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,anniversary trip,"We booked this hotel 5 months in advance as we wanted to be in that area of London for the theatres. We was really looking forward to this trip and took a lot time planning everything. We booked on line and then phoned up afterwards the same day to request a room with a bath, the lady we spoke to said she would upgrade our room complimentary as it was a special occasion and ensure we had a bath. However when we checked in they had no records of this, nothing was on the notes and we ended up paying extra to upgrade our room and we still didn't have a bath. So I don't actually know what we paid extra for but we just wanted to enjoy our time together, we felt very disappointed and let down. The guy checking us in wasn't very helpful and implied we wasn't being true full. We won't…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or35-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not good not terrible,"Very Small room, not so clean and very old furniture, but the bed was comfortable and the staff were very nice. Can't open windows because of the noise and a very bad smell from a restaurant bellow.price is ok. Won't come back...",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or35-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"If you’re looking for short walk to the British Museum this is it. Nice hotel, a little rundown but still classy. Close to the tube and London’s great bus system. I chose their smallest room and really enjoyed it. Can’t find a room like this in North America. Shower was great with amazing water pressure. Also something you don’t get in NA.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or35-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, crap everything else","The staff weren’t very friendly or helpful. The bed was tiny for a couple, as was the room, the pics are very deceiving. The location was great right off Oxford street and there was a gym underneath the hotel at £5 a visit. The room was very old as was the bedding and furniture",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or40-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Place Fantastic Location,"The location is absolutely fantastic. A side street just two minutes off the Oxford Street, it is a short walk to Soho and other very central places, tube station being just around the corner, thus anything in the city really easy to reach. Thanks to the side street it is a quiet location. My room and bathroom were fairly small, but I felt cosy and did not miss anything during my short stay. The hotel has several restaurants and a bar, I did not use these, but it makes the place very convenient in case one does not want to go out for any reason. WiFi works just great. The staff is very kind and friendly – thank you. Price/value is very fair, and I would gladly choose the place again next time. Like in most UK hotels, the management should please notice the % of non-UK tourists…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or40-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"Great hotel, clean and reasonably spacious rooms (especially considering we had just come from Switzerland and France were the rooms were a lot smaller). The breakfast is great value and the staff are friendly and accommodating. The location is amazing! Very close to Soho/theatres so it’s great if dining out/theatre going is your thing. Will definitely stay here when I return to London!",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or40-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable hotel,My daughter booked us I to this hotel for a night when we went to the theatre. It was in the centre and close to Tottenham Court Road tube. There was a restaurant and a really nice bar which we went into after our return from the theatre. Room totally adequate for my daughter and me. Will book into it again when I next visit London and need an overnight stay,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or40-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good bargain hotel, very central location, would stay again","A city twin room in central london for £214 for Fri/Sat night.  Small room but comfy beds, tv, fridge, little sitting area with dressing table and another tv, hospitality tray, bathroom with bath and shower.  On our floor by the vending machine was an ice machine - free!!  We didn`t have the breakfast but the queue looked fairly long.  Several bars and restaurants - we ate in the Chilli grill which was ok but I wouldn`t put it any higher.  Location is excellent - 50 yards from Tottenham Court Road tube, and right across road from a Sainsbury`s which is handy for thiings you forget, snacks, drinks, etc.  Would definitely stay here again but probably not bother eating in.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or40-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location,"We have stayed here a few times before due to its convenient location to Tottenham Court Rd, theatres, shops and eating places, there is a nice bar on the ground floor which we have used in the past.Some of it is looking a little dated but the room was clean and comfortable with a good shower, staff are friendly and professional and you can leave you bags for £1 when you check out.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or45-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for price,"Stayed at this hotel for a night.  Having researched many hotels for location and price this came up best and was ideal for what we wanted.  Downside was no family rooms so we had 2 doubles which ended up cheaper than most other hotels family rooms. The hotel rooms are small (didn’t matter to us and we both took a child each) but very clean with adequate facilities. Hotel was great location for both tube and walking to tourist spots.  We went to see Mary Poppins and the theatre was about a 5 minute walk. Ate in the sage and chilli restaurant for the pre theatre meal which was a great price, very cheap even for a northerner! The food was great and the staff very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay again on future trips to London based on location, price and cleanliness. ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or45-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Visit to London ,Great location and easy access to to underground and to central London shops nearby. As well as theatres and china town or Soho. Premises has a gym and swimming pool. Also the in house restaurant was very good value. Polite and friendly staff.,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or45-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I was rly excited for this stay, The hotels location is wonderful and it seems beautiful what we saw of it never even got into the room. We got to hotel at 12 check in is not till 2 paid the balance of the room. We then went to see a show got a call to say my 8 month old was sick and we had to go home told the hotel and had to go home, whilst I understand that we would obviously have to pay something as its a last minute cancellation and it was at 10 30 at night, even if its unforseen circumstances .not getting Anything back for the 120 pounds when we didn't even set foot in the room seems steep. Spoke to hotel who told me to speak with booking. Com who were very sympathetic, rang hotel who told them we couldn't come to any arrangement at all. Disappointed realy and whilst it…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or45-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Experience!!!,"I was planning on proposing to my girlfriend of a few years in while we were staying in London. I contacted the St Giles Hotel, a few days before to see if anything special could be arranged I was put in contact with the FO manager who was delighted for me and my girlfriend and wanted to make it a special stay for us.   We were planning to stay in the hotel for 2 nights. On the second day we left to hotel from the hours on 13:00 - 17:00 and when we returned back. The hotel had done up the room brilliantly for us. They had a bottle of prosecco in the room, rose petals, chocolates and swans made out of towels on the bed also. Rose petals were also placed across the room. it looked really fantastic.   Thankfully my now fiance said yes to the proposal. We were both extremely happy…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or45-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired - Needs an upgrade,"Booked for an overnight stay - On arrival, we considered The St Giles to be a good choice of hotel, however, on reaching the eighth floor where our room 843 was located, the total ambience of the hotel was looking very worn and shabby.. ( stains in the carpets, poor decor etc etc, ) We were not prepared for a double bed no bigger than a good sized single, No bedside table and very limited room.. If you sat up in bed you had the light actually sitting on your shoulder.. The only mirror in the bath room was too high , and neither of us are abnormally vertically challenged.. The light over the dressing table was missing a cover exposing live wires / connections.  The door handle for the bathroom was broken.. Having paid £125 for one nights stay we would have expected a better…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or50-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location (but needs an upgrade),"I had a two night stay in a single room in this large, central London hotel. The check in was quick and delightfully warm and welcoming. My room was small, but clean – as was the shower/toilet cubicle – and the refreshments were of average quality. Sleep quality was OK although the windows didn’t quite keep out all the noise from the busy streets below. The hotel was well-staffed, clean, and the foyer is decorated with some lovely artwork – but it is a bit of a maze and the wayfinding signage could definitely do with an upgrade. It is a little worn in places – I saw masking tape covering damage to the floor on a couple of levels. At busy times there is a wait for the lifts, which are very small considering the size of the hotel, so I often took the stairs – which are narrow and…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or50-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location and even better staff!,"I read lots of not so good reviews before I stayed here however this hotel is great. Location is 2 mins walk from tottenham court road tube. After a long journey we decided to eat in at the Sage and Chilli Restaurant. Being Gluten Intolerant I was worried about the menu however I have just eaten the best steak I have had in a very long time, cooked by the chef Jacob and our waiter Gabriel couldn't do enough for us. When it got to desert the menu was lacking but once again Jacob offered to make up a cheese board for me to accompany the excellent wine they served. Again they checked it was gluten free. Would I stay here again ABSOLUTELY. Here is my cheese board with gluten free bread. Jacob is a star! Thank you so much",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or50-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central and goid,Stayed here for a two night stay  with bed and breakfast  Hotel is central and within walking distance to nearly all the sites  Reception a little slow as numerous guests checking in and not enough staff on reception Rooms are dated but adequate .. that being said I have to say the bed was the comfiest I have ever slept in and the rooms were serviced daily and clean Breakfast had a great selection however the later you go the busier  it gets so you will have to wait a few minutes to be seated  Hotel is within walking distance of Euston station  Would defiantly stay here again  We were on the 9th floor and had no noise at all ,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or50-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,overnight stay,"excellent location   close to lots of theatres.  helpful staff , rooms are on the small side as are the bathrooms ,but if you are there for just 1 or 2 days  its fine.     very clean,  we had dinner in the hudson  which is a part of the hotel  and it was good  well priced   .breakfast was excellent   everything you could want   would definately use this hotel again and would recomend  it   lots of places to eat close by ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or50-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What is your priority ?,"If your priority is like mine - affordable +location, location, location then there is no better deal in central London.  Stayed here many times and thot time to contribute my opinion.  Its kind of hit and miss, sometimes all good and other times  not so. Rooms are tiny but have all you need. This trip I stayed in best room in the house ‘Executive Suite’. About 3 times bigger than normal rooms.   Had bathtub and TV in bathroom which was nice to soak away and relax after full day of exploring.  Westend , shopping, eating and underground all right at door step.  One complaint this time - room was cold, seemed like the wall-temperature control not working even though someone came to fix it.  Bathroom light very dim but room light were bright. Got proper big size flat TV compared to…",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or55-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly situated for show,"We booked directly with a great Boxing Day deal offer. We booked a double room and paid upfront.   Check in was smooth and we were directed to the lifts. We were on the 6th floor but the lifts are quick and we were soon on the right floor.  When we finally found our room we were pleased that it was clean, tidy and perfect to rest our heads. The staff knocked on the door and let themselves in which we thought was odd but they apologised and said that they hadn’t checked the room over and didn’t realise we had checked in.  It was quiet and comfortable most of the time. There are lots of amenities around the area. It’s central but not noisy.   The hotel is perfectly situated next to the Prince Of Egypt stage show which we had booked to see.   Before we checked out, staffed knocked…",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or55-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,We stayed at this hotel for two nights on a bed and breakfast basis. Hotel very central just off Tottenham road and round corner from oxford street.  We stayed ninth floor .room we small but adequate for our stay .only down side was there was no heating so got a bit cold at times . Staff professional and polite at all times.  Breakfast was excellent with great choices of hot and cold food . The only thing I would say is you need to pick your time when going to dining room as can get congested.  Fist morning we went 7 45 no problem only a few diners.second day went 9 40 oh my good we had to join a queue!!!. I would hesitate to stay here again as location is everything. ,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or55-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and.... almost cheerful,"I’ve stayed here before so kind of knew what I was getting - a hotel right in the heart of London, not pricey, and rough round the edges. Booked the best room type available (roof top suite) which had lovely views although the shower was atrocious and the two lifts needed to get to the room were slow and bumpy.  Went in the bar and casino attached - the bar being nice, the casino small.  Good choice if you’re on a budget but don’t set your expectations high!",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or55-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Central London Location.,"This hotel does sadly suffer from a distinct lack of 'Kerb Appeal', being a rather wacky and unattractive concrete structure. Once inside though its much like many other London hotels, and check in was efficient. Its redeeming feature is its location close to the British Museum, Shopping, Chinatown, Soho, theatres, and Tube stations. Our room, 310 , was quite small but perfectly adequate as a base in central London, although the bathroom basin plug hole was missing its original fliptop plug which left a large hole to swallow anything dropped down there, including some green object presumably left by a previous guest. More careful maintenance would be beneficial. The room generally could have done with improved lighting as we found it a bit dark, as there is not so much natural…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or55-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"A great hotel but my visit was spoilt by some truly Rude guests, I reserved a table at breakfast time, went to get a coffee, went back to table to find a lady sat there. Rude rude rude.  Would stay again  ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or60-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room,"The hotel is in a good location very near to Tottenham Court Rd Tube Station and Oxford Street, also short walk to Leicester Square, Soho and Covent Garden. Breakfast was good too. We have stayed in lots of hotels around Oxford Street and Bond Street but the room we had in this one was particularly small and had poor lighting and the lack of a full size mirror was a problem. Will not be returning.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or60-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top service,Highly recommend. Perfect Location for theatres and shops. Lovely staff. Looking forward to breakfast in the morning. Would book again for next theatre trip. 🎭🎭 Definitely recommend the executive rooms,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or60-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location location,Yes you will get a tiny room. Yes it will feel a little dated but the reality is that for the money you pay it is very good value. We would recommend it to anyone who needs a base for the night to explore London from.   Negatives - the room was stuffy and we stayed during storm Dennis so the window kept blowing shut! Not sure I can blame the hotel here but it was warm.   Positives - The bathroom in our room and the buffet breakfast were 5*. The rooms are clean and the hotel is in a great location.   We would return and would recommend.,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or60-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but small room,"Check in very efficient and they ask what floor you would like which is great. Very clean throughout. Room was adequate with everything you need but it was small, especially the bathroom. Lovely soap 😁. We had an evening meal in bar/restaurant and that was poor. Our steak was so tough my husband gave up. First waiter came and asked the mandatory question, is everything ok with our meal, I replied that it was very tough steak, he had already moved on as he clearly was just going through a motion of asking but not bothered to hear any reply. When we were done a different waiter came over to offer dessert, I said just the bill and also told him that the meal was not great. He took off the service charge and also the extra £4 per person for upgrade to steak. Overall I do think that…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or60-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Take Care if you book this hotel,"We too booked one night at this hotel to attend a sporting event which was cancelled at 5pm on the Friday before we were due to travel on the Saturday due to Storm Chiara. Avanti Trains issued an advisory to all passengers not to travel on the Sunday. On getting this information I telephoned the hotel to cancel the booking and ask for a refund of the money I had paid them last September. I was told cancellation was too late, it had to be before 2pm to get a refund.I telephoned Hotels.com through whom I had made the booking. They contacted St Giles but were told the same thing and that this was due to the contract terms between the Hotel and Hotels.com. This was despite the fact that Hotels.com were quite willing to give a refund given the circumstances. I telephoned St Giles…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or65-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"I booked the cheapest rooms available - 2 singles - they say you only get what you pay for but that’s not always the case. Read on ......  Check in - great. We arrived about 40 minutes before the advertised check in time - along with plenty of other people I might add - but the hotel managed to allocate rooms to everyone. Excellent start.   When I arrived at my room first impression was that it was incredibly small. However it had everything I needed. Single bed, tiny tv (a bigger one just wouldn’t have worked), tea and coffee making facilities, a hairdryer and a shower and toilet. I deliberately haven’t posted any photos with this review as I think the size of the room would give the wrong impression of the room overall.   Problems started when I switched on the tv. The signal…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or65-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Westend,St Giles is very near all the theatres....has 3 good restaurants on site and a really good pub...the rooms are very small and basic but very clean...the staff are all extremely helpful especially the concierge desk,Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or65-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Have stayed at this hotel quite a few times in recent years due to the location and value for money, however due to the appalling customer service we have received over the past week never again. We were due to arrive at the hotel Saturday 8th travelling by train to stay one night for a sporting event due to take place the 9th. Due to the weather forecast the event was cancelled, likewise train companies issued warnings in relation to delays and cancellations so the decision was taken by us as a group not to travel - both the train company and event have issued full or partial refund as good will gesture. Due to the short notice period, emails have been exchanged back and forth with the hotel to see what if anything could be done, we even requested a date change instead. The…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or65-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Firstly great location so central for theatres, shops and sights. Good breakfast plenty of choice. Yes the rooms are tiny but spotless and have everything you need. Quick check in and courteous staff. Would definitely return",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or65-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An ok hotel in a good location,"We stayed here for a night as part of a theatre package. The hotel is in an excellent location just a very short walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. There is shops on the door step including a sainsbury (ideal for alcoholic drink for the room whilst getting ready) We went to the hotel on the morning, but our room wasnt ready but we were able to drop our bag with the concierge, which was perfect. We headed back to the hotel around 17:30 and was checked in swiftly. We were given a room on the 1st floor (room 146) first impressions were of a small dated room. The room has everything you need for an ok stay. The room was quite hot, and there was a storm outside so couldnt open the window, there is aircon but my goodness its loud!!! The bed was a double, with a sheet and…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or70-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs investment - not fit for purpose.,Old and slightly grubby room. Long overdue some Investment. Duvet has clearly not been washed ... there’s a sheet so it’s more like a top layer but still unpleasant. I’m in London for work so need wifi.  It’s slow and drops out. I paid extra and upgraded to the Premium Wifi... just the same. My iPad needs a Software update and it initially gave an estimate of “15 hours”. It’s now just frozen with ‘download will resume when you are connected to wifi’. No matter how many times I have reconnected in the last four hours it still won’t work. Won’t be staying here again. Ever.,Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or70-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good place for a short stay,"We have just spent 3 nights here in a twin bedded room. Be aware that if you take a cat with you there won't be enough room to swing it around in your room!! Never had such a small room even in cheaper establishments..  My other problem was the lifts. It is quite a big hotel and there seemed to be 4 main lifts, but at busy times you could wait for a long time for one to arrive. If you are on the sixth floor there are 122 stairs down to the lobby!  Although the rooms were small they were comfortable and had all that you needed. Bathrooms were compact but adequate.  The position of the hotel is perfect for getting around. Close to tube station and local buses.  The staff were always helpful and were happy to be approached for information.  The breakfasts could not  be faulted.…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or70-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing. ,We stayed in this hotel this last weekend. We had two rooms. One room was lovely despite a view of a brick wall.  The second room - was covered in thick dust probably from when the hotel was originally built. The windows had no curtains so it got really bright really early. The tv was the size of a postage stamp. We were only there for one night so it wasn’t a problem but wouldn’t stop there again and certainly would have complained if we had been there longer.  Breakfast was really good although queuing was ridiculous. Over 30 minute wait for a table.  Best thing about the hotel was the ice machine near the elevators.  ,Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or70-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tutankhamen exhibition,Stayed at the above hotel i have to say excellent service food was great staff were very helpful and polite i highly recommend a visit you are central to all the sights good luck visitors to this location ,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or70-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great find,"It’s a great find very central hotel. Near to theatres Covent Garden it’s on the bus route, near Tottenham Court underground.  Small room but everything that you would need at a small price. Very clean.  We will be back.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or75-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night was enough,"I booked a double room for my husband and I as we were going to a show in town. I’m sure they had squeezed a double bed into a single room!! There was only one bedside table, that’s how small the room was, it was very cramped and the bathroom was very small. The breakfast was ok. I expected more for the price and needless to say I won’t be visiting again",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or75-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel great location great value,I have been staying at the St Giles hotel when I visit London on either business or family visits. The staff are very helpful and welcoming and always willing to help. The hotel facilities are great with everything a family needs - especially for us as our needs a wheelchair.  The hotel location is perfect for exploring London with easy access to a nearby tube station or on foot. The price for this part of London represents great value for families or couples alike. A special mention to Jao who makes time for my son to talk all things football and just showcasing the really friendly nature of this great hotel - highly recommended.,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or75-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It was ok,"The room was nice, we had a twin with a little room off it for the living room, 2 seater sofa and a tv, then into the bathroom. Primarni is almost opposite as is Burger King and the tube in 2 mins away. I got an offer on the room and would stay again with another offer but full price I would feel robbed only one of the lifts were working which caused chaos and I couldn’t take the stairs due to knee op.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or75-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"I would have to day that this is perhaps one of the poorest hotels I have ever stayed. Upon check in inhadnto go back to reception twice as my card wouldnt work room was small basic and stuffy. There was a charge for the wifi but even after paying it did not work. The housekeeping kept coming into room unannounced during inconvenient times. And the final punch was when I checked out and asked to leave a bag for a few hours and they actually charged me for leaving the bag. The hotel is central and even though I paid GNP 110 which is not expensive for London, I did expect better from hotel. Would not stay again. Tou should ask yourself would you be better paying a few pounds more for a little extra comfort.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or75-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for one night,"Yes the room was small, but it was spotlessly clean and with absolutely everything you need. The shower nearly knocks you out with its power and the bed was most comfortable - that together with a good breakfast forms in my view the basis of a good hotel ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or80-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent reasonably priced hotel,Great location for Tottenham Court Road. Dominican and Palace Theatres.  We had a twin room on 9th floor. Great views over London.  Comfy beds. Settee. Good tv reception. Small shower.  Bars downstairs. Think there is a pool but we didn’t try it.  Good value for money. We paid £129 including breakfast. ,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or80-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok but just ok,"Just stayed 2 nights in a classic room. Rooms are extremely small with equally tiny bathrooms. Everything is there you need (well no hairdryer) but small and hot. The window does open a little to let some air in which you definitely need but then traffic noise is high and the blinds in the windows don’t do much to keep out the light. Breakfast is fair, lots of food options, very busy but we didn’t have any issues getting a table. 3 restaurants in the hotel is genius and they are very reasonably priced which I found quite amazing. Over all it’s very central, a step from Tottenham Court Road tube station and literally on oxford street not far from its crossroads with regent street.  So for location 10/10 I am not sure you could stay closer to the theatres, shopping or restaurants.…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or80-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lost Opportunities,"Located in the heart of the West End, within comfortable walking distance of Theatreland, Soho, Oxford Street, the Zoo, the British Museum, etc, etc, etc... this hotel has a location to die for. The Tottenham Court Road tube station is 100 metres away, and busses pass the door. Five stars. No question. In most other respects, sadly, we were disappointed.  Reception is well-staffed, although the foyer could do with a make-over. There were no comfortable chairs and settees here, and even where these were provided - on the mezzanine, outside the restaurant - they were very basic affairs, not designed with comfort in mind.   Small, slow and dingy lifts conveyed us to the eighth floor, where the decor was drab and uninviting. The corridor to our room had stained, pink carpeting, with…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or80-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ABOVE AVERAGE MODERATELY-PRICED LONDON HOTEL GREAT LOCATION,"Let's make it clear. Nothing in London is cheap. I've stayed in so many ""budget"" hotels that were below standard that it was great to find the St. Giles. I booked months ahead so my 5 nights came out to $660. That seemed reasonable for a decent hotel in London. The top selling point of the St Giles is the location just off busy Oxford Street and a very short walk to the Tottenham Court tube station. If you have some time, you can walk all over central London or take the tube. Charing Cross, Leicester Square and Picadilly Circus are all a reasonable distance if you like to walk. I even walked as far as Victoria Station.  The hotel is big but the elevators worked smoothly. There was a line at check-in but it moved quickly. Check-out was a breeze. Just drop off your key in the box.…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or80-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not one to return to.,"Stayed here for one night to attend a theatre show. Check-in was fine and everything was clean but there the plaudits stop. On the way to our room a vacuum cleaner had been left in the middle of the corridor which had to be negotiated with a heavy suitcase - no staff were visible to clear it. The room itself was small with only just enough room to comfortably pass one side of the bed. No facilities were provided for clothes that could not be hung up and the desk was barely adequate for anyone wanting to work.The bathroom was very basic, with only 1 hook for towels,clothes etc.and the shower, although powerful, had a very narrow spread, as well as leaking.Apart from restaurant menus there was no information about the hotel in the room. There was a noise all night which we assumed…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or85-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel but ....,"We stayed here overnight as part of a theatre trip to London. The hotel was very convenient for visiting The British Museum and for the Phoenix Theatre later on. ""Executive""room on 8th floor was fine, nothing special but clean and the bed was comfortable. We had a pre theatre meal in the hotel restaurant, Sage and Chillies. My husband was happy with his but mine was very, very mediocre - I had the chicken, or it might have been a piece of grilled leather. Everything was microwaved to death and it looked as if it had been thrown onto the plate by a six year old. I would consider staying at the hotel but I would not have a meal here again. I am not expecting much from the breakfast this morning!",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or85-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly adequate - great value (London value),"Booked for a single overnight when going to the West End.  Great location, is within a stones throw of Centre Point so was always easy to walk around and get back to (just look up). 10 min walk to theatre. Check in was quick and efficient.  Room was small but clean and exactly what we needed. We just used it sleep, shower and have a cup of tea - Sainsbury’s across the road for proper milk. Bathroom was clean and a good shower. Great location to then run from Sunday morning to the different Parks in the morning (Regents, Kensington, Hyde, Green and St James) before 11:00 am check-out. Will defined be back.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or85-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor Hotel,"Overnight stay at St Giles while in London for an office party. Check in was an 'experience'. Got questioned over and over whether I was staying in the room alone as my colleague had come to get ready for the party with me. They told me they didn't believe me and continued to question. High lack of customer service, with strong attitude from the check-in assistant. Went up to room, and there was a suitcase and clothes unpacked in the room. Went back to reception to say they had given me someone else's room which was already occupied! They didn't seem to care they had completely breached someone's privacy (anyone could have taken the other guest's belongings)... instead to start questioning again if my colleague was staying in the room. Once complained to manager, got to room and…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or85-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed.,"The last time we stayed at this hotel it was mediocre and was having work undertaken. This is now completed but rooms are being refurbished. This time we found our room to be Clean with adequate facilities but very small with a Duvet that held you down whilst trying to sleep in a very small bed. We also found the room very noisy of a night and the early hours of the morning from outside and internally along the corridor. There was no heavy curtain at the window, only blinds but these were not sufficient to stop the light coming into the room. All said and done the hotel was convenient with its location with helpful and polite staff. Breakfast was a bit chaotic and had to chose what time you visited as queues were the norm, heavy at times.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or85-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but not great hotel,Rooms are ridiculously small (I don't know about double room but single room are really small). The bathroom is really compact not to say tiny. Hot water comes after 10 mins of cold water running. Not very green.... Breakfast is OK but not fantastic with very limited choice. The staff is quite friendly and location is great. ,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or90-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Overnight at StGiles..best location for Oxford st also bus stop just out on the right gets you into Trafalgar sq and also bus to far end of Oxford st so you can walk all the way back. Great breakfast.  Perhaps the room is a bit small but just for one night excellent.,Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or90-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ginette Oulton,"Hotel is way out of date and desperate need of refurbish and  well overpriced! Rooms old fashioned and dark lighting is awful. Very noisy. Highlights Swimming pool but in actual fact it does not belong to the hotel and there is a chsrge which we didnt find out until we went to go swimming. Staff looked overworked, tired and lacked people skills.  On a plus side breakfast was lovely, good choices.  Would definitely not go back!",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or90-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Average, but in a Good Way","I found the St.Giles very average. There was nothing special about it and the staff were fine on a transactional level. My room was clean and had everything I needed. The building is tall and slim which means the corridors are very short, a good thing as you don't get herds of people walking up and down making a noise. Decor/condition is OK, just midlife so not tatty and not sparkling fresh. The breakfast buffet is copious with plenty of choices. Again, it's OK but nothing special. Being a bread snob, I will point out that the croissant shaped pastries are definitely not croissants. They are not at all unpleasant but are an enriched dough shaped like a croissant without any of the finess and in particular lamination of the real thing. Would I stay again? Yes, I would. I stayed…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or90-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect base for london trip,"Arrived about 12pm on friday & we were able to check in which was great, there is a bag holding service if room is not ready. Girl on reception was so friendly & welcoming as were any staff we met. Room was definitely on the small side but was very comfortable & clean. Breakfast is a normal buffet but plenty of food & well maintained by staff. We had dinner in Hudson's it was delicious & again staff very friendly & efficient.  The location of this hotel is amazing, close to oxford street, soho, right next to Tottenham court road station.  I will use this hotel again & reccomend to friends!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or90-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"St Giles hotel is conveniently located just off Tottenham Court Road two minutes walk from Oxford St and a 10 to 15 minutes rom to Covent Garden and Soho. Its a decent hotel serving a good selection of food at breakfast time. Popular with tourists and can get quite busy at times. The room we had was of a good standard, very clean and well maintained. We have booked again for may 2020.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or95-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Quick friendly check in managed to get the room early, located on 2nd floor so no problem with the lifts. Room small but fine had a separate seating area. Bathroom small but clean and modern. Well located just of Oxford Street beside Tottenham Court tube station.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or95-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location - reasonable price,"The hotel is located fairly close to Covent Garden and Piccadilly Circus. the price was reasonable and cheaper than the nearby Travelodge. The room was quite small with a small bathroom and very small shower cubicle. The bath towels were also very small. There was one window with blinds that did not block out the light, this might be a big problem in the summer. room fairly clean but looked a bit grubby.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or95-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rooftop views.,Excellent stay in what must be one of the better value hotels in central London. The location just by Tottenham Court Road tube station is great and very convenient for the West End. Delightful and very helpful receptionist. Stayed in an executive double on the roof top floor. Slightly eccentric route to get there two floors above where the main lifts stop but fine once you have the hang of the fire escapes.Wonderful views over London. Room was a decent size and bed comfortable. Bathroom slightly eccentric but it did the trick. There are plenty of good breakfast options nearby if you wish to avoid the hotel offering which looks a bit of a scrum - though VQ is excellent. Lifts get busy and can be unpredictable so bear in mind if you are in a hurry.,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or95-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Another good stay, but no mushrooms!!","Another good stay at the St Giles ( becoming the first place I look at when needing a hotel in West End), quick and pleasant check in, comfortable room, good nights sleep, decent shower, and decent breakfast though I would have liked to have seen mushrooms on the hot buffet (sure we had them last time). Filled in the guests comments card and handed in, does anyone actually read these and respond to them if there is an issue??",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or95-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only great for its' location,"Reception staff that served us are not smiley at all, but at least she gave us one room for early check in (we ordered two separate rooms) and she gave us the corner rooms which is bigger, with a living room and a bath room (shower only). Unfortunately, in one of the two rooms that we booked, the shower water was flowing very slowly. We complained and ask them to fix the problem while we were out of the room at day time, but nothing happened when we got back to the room at night. I supposed no one showed up to fix the shower problem. And nothing until we checked out.  And they should change their pillows, they are flat. Waiting for their elevator was quite a test, too. Small elevator and at their check-out time (which is at 11AM), we can wait forever to go down to the lobby. …",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still the best Hotel,"Without doubt the only hotel I’ll stay at in London. Central to theatres , museums , restaurants etc.  Very friendly staff. Great photo paintings if famous pop artists in the foyer and reception area.  I like being on first floor as lifts get busy and I’m very impatient lol. Sadly. Clean rooms . Nice bar ( Hudson ) and great breakfasts. VQ Restaurant . Good room deals in advance and chilled out rooms . Recommend to everyone .  ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but room was awful,"The location of this hotel is fabulous very central . The reception staff are not friendly and have no manners . The room was awful , very small , very tired looking , no hot water ,and the bathroom sink was blocked . Thankfully , we only stayed the one night . Breakfast was ok but some items were cold . We were  not impressed with the area you ate breakfast in as it was not particularly clean . Again the staff that run the breakfast area were not overly friendly.  To summarise we would not stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but staff were unhelpful and uninterested,Stayed in a single room which was adequate for the price. Staff on checkin were very unhelpful and uninterested as my friend and I were trying to ask for rooms close to each other if possible. We arrived at the hotel at approx 7am and checkin was not til about 2pm and we were happy to wait until later if necessary.....we were heading out shopping!! We were told they had too many rooms to manage to tailor to every guests request.  We ended up with rooms on the same floor but opposite sides of the building!,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, but elevators are a pain","The elevators are very often malfunctioning, which entails that you have to walk up and down 6+ floors depending on which floor your room is in. I stayed here for 3 weeks whilst attending a course for work and I found it very nice. Close to everything, nice staff, close to Regents park so that you can go for a run/walk in the park. Long lines to check in... No fridge in the rooms, which was a bit hassle for me since I was staying here for a long time and would have liked to have some food in the room, and not having to eat takeaway or dining out in expensive London every meal. Compared to other hotels in London (which are super expensive for low quality) St Giles is good. Good price for decent quality.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, noisy, and tiny, lifts broken","Was charged a small fortune to stay on New Years Eve, had booked an identical room at other times for much less. Considering the cost, had expected a slightly nicer room possibly with complimentary toiletries not just a fixed shower gel. But no, still a small room with doors banging all night long and early in morning. Never saw security, staff dont care if guests are disruptive. Only half the lifts working and rude French guests pushed in front of everyone on a constant basis. No hotel porter. Only one card key. Breakfast not included even at the price we paid. No extractor fan in bathroom. Place was rammed, they must make a fortune. BUT location is good.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Need to be refreshed,"St Giles hotel is a bit old and need to be refreshed. Apart from that, room are clean and functional. Bathroom would need some more lightning and the room, a bigger TV screen. Breakfast is ok. The sport center is not free of charge :( This is a pity because the swimming pool is amazing ! The location is just perfect, near the Circle line, it cannot be better located !",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Room was like a shoebox the mattress was horrible , still got the back pain from it.  The staff at the desk were not very helpful we got the feeling they never wanted to be their and I guess they didn't due to it being new year.  Apart from that great location ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Close to ""everything""","Location is the best, and maybe the only reason to stay here. You will be just minutes away from the action inOxford Street and some of the top musicals. The hotel itself is not much to talk about. Expect looooong queues for breakfast and small exchausted old-fashioned rooms. But then again, you are not here to spend your days in the hotel-room. Price is good and ok value for London.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Business Meeting Venue,"We used this hotel for a December sales meeting, and we stayed at the hotel too. The service was very good, room was small but you expect this for central London hotels. Great location 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road station.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"This is a classic case of taking the cheaper hotel in the region and regretting it. Location is 5 star. The pool sauna is good but you have pay 5 pounds. Free wifi was good enough. Its very busy at checkin Dec 30. We booked a double bed , got to the room to find 2 singles this was on the 4th floor. Returned to reception where they gave us a new room on the 8th. It was the same two singles. We gave up as we had so much luggage. I could not get near reception that day due to tours.  So we got less than we paid for for 3 nights. In the room can hear the toilet above and folk at it. Its an old converted hotel. Lifts are too busy too. My advise id stay elsewhere even if it cost more, if you want to be walking distance to theatre land.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent  location near Oxford st and Tottenham Court rd Station,"Good service from staff, friendly and helpful.Room clean and well serviced by staff.Breakfast very good.Getting too and from the Hotel was no problem. Bus stop just across the road to get to Euston Station.A short walk to Oxford street.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very small double,"Stayed here for one night 27/12/19. We chose this hotel for it's location. Only one minute walk to The Dominion theatre and ten minutes to other popular theatres.   As for the hotel itself: A warm welcome from the concierge. Check in ok, although young lady checking us in would be better suited to passport control. Lifts creaked making you wonder if they would eventually get you to your floor. Our room, 846 was the smallest double I have ever seen. Very small bathroom. Shower was ok. Enough towels for a single room. Duvet cover stained. The rest of the room clean.  Although on the 8th floor there was still enough noise for a disturbed nights sleep from doors banging and sirens in the street. My advice would be if you do stop here book a larger room and maybe book direct to get a…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good price",Stayed one night for work.  It was in a great location at a good price. My room was very small but had everything I needed.  Breakfast had a good selection and the staff were very helpful. I would stay again.,Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best location,"We paid for the larger executive room, the room was good but no frills. Clean, bed was fairly comfy.  Had a coffee maker, excellent hair dryer, fridge, only one bath robe though which was so good we wanted to take home but didn´t, safe in the room.  Shower was excellent, spacious and lots of pressure.  Our room faced Tottenham Court so we heard traffic noises but it did not bother us at all.  But the location is amazing and we´ll be back.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, dated and average hotel","Check in: Efficient and quick.  Lifts: Seemed slow and infrequent so took the stairs, luckily only on the third floor.  Room: Small, even for a single room, but comfortable. Definitely needed a refurb though. No information in the room about breakfast or check out. Not dirty, just dated and old facilities. Housekeeping came very early in the morning. Kettle cable wouldn’t reach to socket as there was a ledge.   Breakfast: Very tasty actually! Busy though and had to queue to enter. Staff there were a bit grumpy.  Location: Very good, easy to walk anywhere.  Also, upon check out I had to pay a £1 to store luggage. This is the first time I’ve ever had to pay for this service anywhere in the world. Quite cheeky too when paying over £100 per night.  Overall, despite the location it…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location superb but rooms small and dated,"This hotel has a great location, with a major tube stop right outside and on the edge of Oxford Street, with loads to do within a minute’s walk. Whether staying for a holiday or business in the area it’s a great choice. The lobby area is impressive and modern with loads of staff on hand to help. The actual check in process wasn’t the fastest though and the member of reception staff felt a little unsure. However it was seamless enough and we were at the useless lifts in good enough time. I say useless because they took forever. At the lobby level they only have a ‘down’ call button which doesn’t work well, two were out of order and on the inside they felt old and dated. This dated feel continued in the corridors and room and unfortunately it seems only the reception area has had…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central,Nice hotel and rooms. Restaurant sage and chili very nice. Helpful staff. Very nice beds and quiet at 9th floor. Ok breakfast. We Stayed 4 nights in the Christmas holidays. This was our second stay at the hotel and we Will surely visit again,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location and great value for money,"3 night stay in December, everything was perfect. Our twin room on the 9th floor was very quiet by night and room had everything that we needed. The only complaint I would have was the humidity, there wasn't a lot of air in the room (window didn't open far and no air condition unit) so we just kept the window open overnight. Comfy beds and great breakfast included in the price. Very happy with the hotel location, we walked to most of the sites. We would stay again for sure.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel Bedford Avenue London 19 December 2019,I stayed two nights at the St Giles Hotel Bedford Avenue London on a short trip to London.  The hotel is handy to central London and is clean and welcoming. The staff are friendly and helpful.  Had a really nice stay and definitely recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,Christmas party here fantastic venue staff were great lovely food and lots of it will be coming back thanks for a great night!!!  We all had a brilliant time!! Drinks prices very reasonable for a central London location,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel. Great location.,"Me and my wife have just returned home from this hotel and we both had a good time whilst we here. The staff were nice. From the reception staff to the cleaning staff, nothing was to much trouble. We were allocated a room on the 5th floor and it was clean and modern with a powerful shower and plenty of cupboard space and the beds were very comfy. The breakfast next morning was delicious and didn't have a problem getting a table to sit. The location was spot on and everything is within walking distance. Would definitely recommend this hotel and we would return in the future.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing location,"I stayed in an executive suite. The room was lovely and clean, bathroom was very large and felt very luxurious. The location is amazing, only a 2 minute walk and you are on Oxford Street. The breakfast was nice but i would of preferred a bigger portion, or buffet service. The price was also good, i believe it cost £110 and this was during school holidays.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfectly located, clean, friendly and quiet","I stay in London hotels often and this came up with a great price on Expedia so gave it a try despite some poor reviews on here.  I arrived an hour before check in but they had a room ready. It was on the first floor which I was glad about as I could use the stairs instead of waiting for the quite busy lifts.  The layout of the hotel isn’t traditional as it has three blocks and the rooms are on small corridors off the main one.  Whilst a little confusing it actually means there is little noise or passing traffic of guests.    They gave me a family room, not sure why, and it was an adequate size with a double and a single bed.  Plenty of wardrobe space, tea and coffee making facilities and a clean, if small, bathroom.  The shower was powerful however this meant the shower head…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small bedrooms,Booked 2family rooms was quite disappointed the rooms were extremely small and the bathroom you would be able to swing a cat for the price we paid it was a let down have stayed here numerous times and always been lucky but not this time,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel cancelled,Planned a trip to London with my girlfriend Arrived at hotel to find our room had been cancelled. Could not contact anyone from Cancelon. I had to pay again for another room.  Will not be using Cancelon again.  ,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice modern hotel,Booked online for Saturday and Sunday nights. Good location great for our theatre booking. We had paid for room upgrade so we were on top floor. Fantastic view over the city.  Plenty of space. Clean and tidy. Housekeeping helpful. Don’t bother eating in the hotel. The food is Luke warm at best.  We tried both breakfast restaurants and neither were up to much.  Staff more interested in chatting and mobile phones.  We had lunch in the other restaurant the soup was lovely but the main was diabolical and the staff were not interested when we complained. Typically English we paid and will never return to any of the restaurant in hotel. To end on a positive all the other parts of hotel were great.,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic, but in the centre of the town","Hotel is located in centre of London, close to all main streets. Underground less than 100 m away. Hotel is basic, but clean, staff is supportive. Rooms are relative small. I forgot adapter for electricity at home, but found announcement that adapter is available at reception. It is, but only to buy (5£). Equipment for ironing you can’t get in your room. There are two rooms for ironing (2 and 6 floor). Breakfast is relative good, but from time to time you need to wait for table. Hotel really need some renovation. After all, regarding the I class location, price is relative good and therefore I recommend mostly for travelers. ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Appalling single rooms,"I had paid for a single room and they gave me a shoebox, without even a mirror in the room. It looked like a carpeted prison cell. I complained and they gave me another shoebox with a mirror a miniature desk. But the sink was INSIDE THE SHOWER.  I am not kidding. 120 pounds for a room with the sink in the shower (see photo).  I have never, in my history of staying at cheap places, seen that. If the hotel does not have the infrastructure to provide proper accommodation, especially for that price, do not offer it!! It was also extremely noisy. Both inside the hotel and from the street.  The staff are very nice and the location is good, just don’t go here on your own!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location .rooms a bit dated,In great location rooms small and bit dated. But reception area bar and restaurants all  very modern and fab . Just the rooms are a bit of a let down compared to the rest of the hotel . Would I recommend  differently  and would stay again as we were there for the sites ,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,Great location. The hotel is simple and seems to be most sought after by business travelers. The breakfast is reasonable. Friendly staff. But it would be nice for them to modernize the furniture in the rooms.,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Christmas fun,"It’s been some time since I have been to London at Christmas and it was wonderful. The hotel staff are friendly, some need a little encouragement to be attentive but overall the service was good. The hotel is basic, clean, 24 hrs service and reasonably priced - actually very well priced due to its central position.  The disabled room was well equipped but a little on the small side, but we were still able to maneuver with the two wheelchairs and hand bike. There is an on site bar and restaurant, four steps from the hotel is a wonderful coffee bar, Oxford Street, Trafalgar Square, leister square, china town, all within a ten minute walk. We flew with easy jet into Gatwick and the traffic was terrible eating into our day considerably- talking with the taxi driver Luton is a better…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location hotel at reasonable price,"Stayed for long weekend early December. I couldn't believe how central the hotel is. Less than 5 mins walk from Tottenham Court Rd station and within walking distance to Covent Gardens, theatres and Oxford Street. Room wasn't huge bur as we were only sleeping there, it was more than adequate for 2 of us. Bathroom with shower cubicle. Small tv if you wanted to watch something and tea/coffee making facilities. Hotel is clean with 3 choices of places to eat. Thoroughly recommend VQ 24 hr cafe. Fantastic food for a very reasonable price.  Lovely staff and food all cooked fresh. Would recommend pancakes or breakfast muffin or for evening meal, the chicken Milanese or piripiri chicken. ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,4 night stay,"I and my family have stayed at the St Giles on a few occasions over the years for its central location near to Tottenham Court Road underground, Soho, Oxford St and many Theatres. It's starting to look tired. The rooms are small but perfectly suitable but not the cleanest. I could draw my finger through the dust on the bathroom sink counter. The shower step was dirty. A piece of clear plastic wrapping  remained on our floor from start to finish. Staff were clearly overworked from reception to domestic. The corridor doors were old, worn and showed the contact with many hands. I cant say i enjoyed my stay. It was adequate but not an overwhelming experience. It is the location that is its greatest attraction. If you just want a place to put your head which essentially was all we…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, good breakfast","Very handily placed near to Tottenham Court Road underground station, which is at the centre of the tube network giving good access to most places.  I would recommend a taxi from KIngs Cross if you have a large suitcase.  The breakfast buffet had a good selection at a reasonable price (though ours was included).  We did not try any other meals there, but again looked like a reasonable price.  We had a ""classic"" room with twin beds which was OK, but had only three plugs close together (one under the desk) with nothing accessible to the far bed.  LImited WiFi included in the price: surcharge for proper access.  The double quilt provided for each bed was very heavy and not comfortable.  A towel left on the floor to be replaced was not: we had to make a special request to…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good hotel,"this is a very good hotel central for London sights, theatres and museums, some being on the doorstep almost. the hotel is comfortable, quiet, clean and with buses and a tube station very near, it is ideal for a stay of any duration. however, given its location, it is also within easy  walking distance of Oxford streets many shops, there is a swimming pool and fitness centre on the site which offers a daily membership at a discount rate of those staying at the hotel",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wish I had spent more money,"I really can’t blame the hotel but me trying to save money but what a dreadful choice I made . My tip to myself don’t be a cheap skate and spend more money . The room was TINY in every respect luckily I am only 5ft 8 people taller your feet will be out the end of the bed . The bedside cabinets would not have looked out of place in a rerun of a seventies mini series .the tele remote was filthy, greasy and worked probably every third push , 4th floor was very hot so had the window open all night , I could rattle on more but as I said my problem for not spending more and next time I will . Very disappointed ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel at a reasonable price, not plush but very functional, clean, good breakfast","We come back here regularly as it’s reasonably priced , a good spot, good breakfast, very functional. Easy check out,  Small rooms, nice and clean, safety box, good shower, kettle fir tea and coffee in room, good value for money",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as first time,"We stayed a year ago and location was great, room was smallish but fine for a base.  We booked for 2 nights this December and was disappointed with the room, sink was blocked so when we washed our hands or brushed our teeth the water took ages to drain away, we did report this but no one came. The other thing that put me off was the bedding, new thick grey/black quilt cover but this was not changed in-between guest, instead they change the bottom and top sheet, which made me feel uncomfortable wondering what body contact was made with the quilt cover before hand!  Staff were nice and friendly. Very busy hotel, skipped breakfast this time round as too busy in breakfast room last time, plenty of places to have a cooked or continental breakfast outside of the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second Stay and still worth it for the location.,"Second stay, 6th floor again and lifts more efficient.  My parents room was tiny but clean; ours was bigger and (apart from the lack of air conditioning) fine, with the fan included.  Location superb for access to the sights and the baseball at Olympic Stadium was easy to get to from the tube station round the corner.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break,"This was a short break to see an exhibition.  We have stayed at St Giles before and have always had a reasonable stay.  This time we had a room with shower over the bath which was better than the very tiny shower cubicle we had on a previous visit.  There were only two niggles on the stay. The first is why do the chambermaids only leave one set of towels when there is clearly two people occupying the room?  They leave a spare set in the room when you arrive but only leave one set on the second day!  The second is the breakfast regime, they now give you a wooden spoon to reserve your table, so you can go get your breakfast and no one will sit at your table as your spoon is there.  I thought this a good idea, but it only works if the staff do not clear your spoon away.  On the…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Stayed here as attending a show, really excellent location, just off Oxford Street. Local Sainsburys just across the road, restaurants etc within walking distance. Room was very small but absolutely served our needs. Breakfast was buffet and fantastic, we didn't eat the rest of the day. Will definitely use this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central position,"The hotel is nice and central giving easy access to lots of places of interest either on foot, by bus or by tube. Close to Tottenham Court Road Station and a selection of bus options on Oxford Street. Our room was very small but clean and enough for a couple of nights stay. Down side was that the room had a vending machine on the outside wall and we were woken on several occasions by 'considerate' guests deciding they wanted a can of pop/soda or a bottle of water during the night/early hours of the morning. The rattle of coins then the 'crash' of the chosen item hitting the vending machine bucket gave us a bit of a fright on the first night. There was also a constant 'humming' noise coming from the machine but as we had exhausted ourselves with our activities during the day, we…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,was ok.,"Nice entrance friendly staff. once you get to your floor (I was on 6) it becomes a bit dated. the room was small and the TV was a postage stamp compared to other I have stayed at in London. bar wasnt expensive at all, but the room rate I felt was over priced. ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Affordable base for the sights!,"I only stayed one night here, I've never stayed overnight in London before as I thought I it wasn't affordable, so having booked this hotel for £122 for two people and breakfast I wasn't expecting much, how wrong could I be! We arrived two hours too early for our check-in, no problems, our room was ready on the first floor, the chap who booked us in was charming and helpful. Our room was lovely, so much better than I was expecting, yes it was small but certainly big enough for us, two really warm comfy beds, two TVs and a light clean bathroom,a fridge for a bottle bought after the show,tea and coffee for the morning. The room was warm and very quiet. We had a short wait in the cue in the morning for breakfast,it was busy, but that was to be expected, there is breakfast enough to…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb location,"Super central  location. 15 minutes walk from Euston and just beside Oxford street. We went for my sons birthday to see some musicals and everything was within walking distance of the hotel. The hotel itself was spotless clean , staff were helpful and friendly throughout our stay. The room was small but had everything in it. The only slight issue was that the shower wasn't great, single jet that couldn't be adjusted It didn't impact on our stay  if it had of I would have complained at reception. Breakfast was basic but plentiful. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and look forward to returning",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hard to sleep,"There is a lot of noise outside all night. The air conditioning is controlled centrally, so if you are too hot, you can open a window. Catch is, then you hear the all night building works/rubbish collection, drunks.  There may be a quieter side to the hotel, if so, ask for it.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money and great location,"We spent one night here, what a great location for the centre of London.  Close to Oxford Street, the British Museum and much more.  The room was comfortable and well planned.  I slept well and enjoyed my stay.  Not one of the expensive hotels but proved to be good value for money.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Affordable hotel,"Good central location for our trip. It is very affordable considering the location. The rooms are a little small but that is expected considering the price you are paying. Check in was very friendly and the breakfast was limited, but we were out anyway due to the central location there are plenty of places!",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for central London ,"Stayed here before, room was clean, beds were comfortable. The shower could have been better, as the spray couldn’t be altered from a single column of water. Breakfast was good, hot and fresh but if you get to the buffet quickly ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Beware of bed bugs! A less than second-rate 5-day stay at St Giles,"We had done our homework and were expecting tiny rooms in this London hotel. What we did not expect were the extended lines in the lobby, the long, bare hallways, the slow elevators and the dirty rooms. Above all, we did not expect what happened next: after 2 nights, I started itching above the elbow and realized I had been bitten by bed bugs (see photos) – upon showing my forearm to the manager on duty, we were immediately relocated in an executive suite. However, on the day of our departure, I found more bites on my foot (see photos). My husband also noticed bites on his torso; though his reaction to the bites was not as virulent. We again complained at the front desk and found out that our first complain was logged in as about “dust over the refrigerator and safety box” ONLY.…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bug Bites After Staying Here,"My husband has stayed here several times with no problems but this month (Nov 2019) after one night here, he returned home with lots and lots of bites. On his back, arms and feet. He contacted the hotel and their response was ""we've monitored the room and we find no issues."" Sorry, on the night he stayed in room 929 there were bugs in that bed. He won't here stay again.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Will not go back here. Gloomy room and anaemic breakfast.,"We stayed for one night to attend the opening night of White Christmas at the Dominion Theatre nearby, the proximity to the theatre being the main reason. Apart from the lovely porters the rest of the staff were unhelpful and unfriendly. There was no information available in the rooms about breakfast times and where breakfast was taken, and we had to ask. The room was clean, but overheated. I managed to turn one radiator off. The air conditioner unit was ok. The room was poorly lit and gloomy, i couldn't see to do my hair or put my makeup on. The shower room was clean, but I couldn't use the shower because of the lighting. The tiles were black and if the curtain was pulled across it was impossible to see a thing. There was no hand soap, just a shower cream fixed to the shower…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,4th time returning to this hotel,"This is our go to hotel for our annual trips to London to take in a show. The hotel is always great, staff re always friendly, breakfast is good sets us up for the day and rooms clean and bright. And the location is really central.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for short stay,"Location just beside Tottenham Court Road Tube so was handy for everywhere. Paid extra for breakfast which was English and Continental. Had very good system in place which was great. Room was on the small side (twin) and the bathroom was small, but we were rally only sleeping in the room, so it wasn't an issue for us. The hotel is spotlessly clean and we felt very safe there. Always seemed busy, which is a good sign. Would definitely recommend as we felt good value.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but...,"Terrific location, close to most sights, transport and theatres. Service at check in was very friendly and the porter was helpful. But, on asking for help in finding a doctor, they were virtually offhand, I googled it myself and found a close GP. The concierge was quite abrupt to the point of rudeness when we asked about tour booking. Also on checkout at 6am, there was no service and another guest carried our suitcases down the stairs for us. Breakfast was okay, not inspiring. We had a enjoyable stay in London and I would describe the hotel as adequate, it's location was it's one redeeming feature.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,Was checked in by a young man who wasn't confident and needed help from manager I queried the bill as was charged more for one room than the other and was charged a different rate than stated booked two twin rooms but there was a problem so ended up in double rooms which were basic and small with small ensuites very noisy so sleep wasnt good on a good note breakfast was nice lot of choice and catered for my gluten free daughter I have after several phone calls been refunded money owed but won't be hurrying back,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short But Sweet,"We stayed in an Executive Double Room, we booked 2 nights before staying and therefore paid a very expensive price of £166.32 for once night's stay and this did not include breakfast.  Checking in was fast and very straight forward and the staff were friendly and efficient.  Our room was small, although big enough not to feel claustrophobic, and was very nice.  The bathroom had a large shower and very nice toiletries.  The bed was very comfortable and we both slept well.  In May 2019 we booked to stay here in December 2019 for 3 nights in a Executive Suite Double Room, including breakfast, and we are now very much looking forward to our upcoming visit.  This hotel is in an ideal position for train stations, restaurants, theatres and shops.  This hotel will now be our place to…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,choose the right person to check in,"I got check in by a elder lady(I believe she is Polish), she try to push me to a smaller room with only shower, and try to scare me that the room with bath tub do not have shower, which I found out with the other reception most of the room with bath tub have shower. I just do not understand why this lady do that, I should be suggested to the best that the hotel can provide, and I do not get the point why she want to save the better room. Anyway, the other young receptions are all ok, so just choose the right reception to check in. The room is small , the location is great, many tour use this hotel, very busy hotel, the hotel area is safe, for the price we pay , I think is reasonable.(is a two to three stars hotel) Only if that elder lady reception can be more friendly and…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value for money and great location,"This hotel is located perfectly for the various theatres.  The hotel common areas including the bar, reception, etc are modern however the rooms are very basic and a bit tired.  My rating is based on the fact that the hotel location and price are excellent.  Remember this is a 3 star hotel.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central and nice. ,"If you want the best location with value for lovey, St Giles is the hotel for you. A good place if you just want a place to sleep and relax between exploring! Close to shopping street and all other sightseeing!",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Basic Hotel","St. Giles London is a basic hotel in a great location in London at a very reasonable price.    Check in was really busy mid-afternoon, but efficient.   Room is basic, but clean. Very comfortable with the cleanliness of the hotel.  Bathroom was good.    Location is awesome!  Walking distance to British Museum and Theatre District. Shops and restaurants right near by and close to Tube stop.  I don’t think you can get a better deal for the location!",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Family visit,"Visited in October, stayed for 3 nights.Hotel centrally located, good for walking, tube or taxis.Hotel had a nice atmosphere, room was clean, comfortable and well equipped.Breakfast was included, good selection of food.Would definitely visit again.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I stayed at this hotel a few years ago now and found it quite dated. They’ve done a bit to refresh the reception and foyer area which looks much better now. The rooms are still a little tired; the en-suite in particular. However, the major positive to this hotel is the location which is excellent and makes for easy visits to Oxford Street or Covent Garden.   We had a room that faced Tottenham Court Road; great view of the BT Tower but if you want a quieter night from the road a room on the opposite side of the hotel might be better.  The staff were quite friendly but could have been friendlier I felt.  Overall though, for the price, this is a very good hotel and I would stay again. ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"Spent just one night here alone at a great rate from expedia. The room was more than big enough for one person. The location is good with all kinds of restaurants, shops and subway just a few minutes walk away. Friendly staff and a clean room. Didn't try the restaurant at the hotel, but prices seems fair in regards to the location.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good food","The location of this hotel is excellent. Its close enough to all the important sites you want to see, trains and the tube. The customer service is excellent, check in and out is very fast. The concierge service is the best I have ever worked with anywhere. The advice given by the concierge service was spot on and very helpful. The concierge also helped us with transportation to 2 airports, this was extremely valuable to us. It saved us some money, a cab was twice the cost. The real surprise is the restaurants, the food was very good and reasonably priced. It was extremely convenient to have breakfast lunch, dinner or drinks close to our hotel room and we always enjoyed the food ordered. The rooms are small, that is expected in a big city. The room was very warm all the time, so…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location !,"Another stay at St Giles just confirms my long held view that this must be the best value hotel in the West End. Rooms are adequate, location is excellent and all the staff are well trained, friendly and efficient ! It’s just amazing value for money !",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in central London,"Just back from st Giles in London a fantastic hotel just next to Oxford St near theatre land ,about 15 min walk to Hyde park staff are lovely 😊 rooms clean beds comfy breakfast as lots of choice well worth booking it I would also recommend the sage an chilli 🌶 restaurant food is fantastic if going to London go here saves a fortune on buses and subways",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"OK - basic, not luxurious. "," We picked this hotel because of location, proximity to sights etc.  We were a little anxious once we’d booked because of the other reviews.  Room - small and basic but had everything we needed. Room was cleaned daily. Was a little warm with a small opening window, but a fan was already in the room if we needed it.  Lifts - we didn’t have to wait very long each time.  We didn’t eat at the restaurant so unable to comment. The fire alarm did go off very early Sunday morning and no staff were visible. I rang the reception to check, for which they apologised and said it was a system fault.  Would stay again - purely for location.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We stayed for one night. Arriving early our luggage was stored for us, allowing us to go out and about without carrying it.  Check in was quick and easy, receptionist was very friendly and polite. Our room on the second floor was very small but perfectly adequate. It was spotlessly clean, with tea/coffee provided. The bed was very comfortable. It was very cold but after a few minutes the heater had warmed up the room. The bathroom was tiny but again everything was there. Breakfast was good- plenty of choice and food was hot. Check out was again quick and easy. I would not hesitate to stay here again as the location is fantastic. All staff members we encountered were friendly, polite and very helpful.  Well done St Giles for making our stay so good. ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"From good, to alarming!","Very nice and welcoming receptionists. Ok hotel room, clean. The breakfast is standard English breakfast...OK.  The reason this hotel doesn't deserve to be visited is because... during our weekend-stay the fire alarm went off twice, but no personel was to be seen anywhere!!! Lucky for us, we stayed on second floor right next to an emergency exit... ready to go. We had to hear from other hotel guests that the fire alarm was a false alarm, TWICE, both saturday AND sunday. If this is the kind of policy/training they have at this hotel... I would not take any risks depending on their routines. If this wasn't a false alarm, lives would have been lost (my thoughts of course)  To hotel manager: Get your act together and have at least TWO fire drills with your staff, and make sure…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed this time,We booked 3 rooms for family to meet up in London for the theatre as a treat. We have stayed before so knew the locality and facilities. The hotel is in an ideal location. Unfortunately one of our group had no working hairdryer to get ready so we asked for a replacement on the way out and he used ours on 6th floor - no issue as we believe this may have been actioned while we were out as requested - we couldn’t check as he had no electricity in the sockets in his room when he returned after 12am. He called reception and the manager was helpful offering to come and check and for him to charge his phone in their office - his partner was asleep by then and he was on the eight floor so he declined. I appreciate the lack of electricity was a situation out of the hotels control however…,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,"Fire alarm went off at 7.40am Sunday morning, over a 100 in lobby no communication from staff. Cleaners were then knocking on my door at 9., even though check out was 11. No consideration.   Heating didn’t work in room.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not just location,"because London is just criminally expensive (for no reason; it's really excessive) and to get a clean, decent, warm room with a sleep-enabling bed is not always easy.  The St Giles London was all that for half the price of comparable hotels in the same, area, and so I took it.  (It was a business trip but why should one waste.)  The St Giles is a 1970s nightmare architecturally, but refurbished rooms inside are kinda traditional Britsy with lots of wood etc.  Singles are tiny, one knows that.  But space was just adequate; bed was good; bathroom was big enough, clean, and with new fixtures and always hot water; safe was large; there was a window (and it closed!).  Free WiFi is weak (too weak to send pix) and the upgrade for 24 hrs for 5 quid didn't work well (I lost access after…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"Great central location nrTottenham Court Road tube . Having read the reviews ref rooms I paid more for executive one on 8th floor . Room reasonable though small dark bathroom , Most things there though  basic bed... Not the most comfortable  Good desk and view over rooftops . One of the other reasons I booked here was the pool ... Amazingly there was a £5 charge .. Not super impressed . Big lobby fairly impersonal  Concierge was nice . Access to rooms / corridors bit rabbit warren and industrial ",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very ok in general, apart from the rude awakening","Was in this venue for one night for an extended weekend after an intense business trip in London. I was surprised that a hotel which such great location was so affordable! We went to see Lion King the musical and to a few pubs so obviously great location. Rooms were nice and spacious. Staff was very friendly. We did experience something however that I found very inappropriate and unfortunately stuck to my mind the most and is a reason I personally would not return to this venue. The maid barged in after knocking lightly twice at 8 am. It was Saturday and I am certainly not a morning person during the weekend. An hour later there was a knock again which I responded to. Yet again an hour later she barged in again without knocking, when I was half dressed ready to jump in the…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, quality could use improvement","First time stay - great location, but not great value for money, sadly. My 5th floor room was quiet but no air conditioning, so had to leave the window open, which let the noise in, and bizarrely an intense smell of Bacon in the morning! Bed was comfy, but pillows a bit flat, Bathroom small but functional. Breakfast was a good range of items and quite busy... You have to leave a wooden spoon on the table to reserve it, but some guests didn't get that and took tables already occupied. Staff efficient and friendly though. Pleasant stay, but not as good as the price suggested",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The location is fantastic. Rooms vary in size. The breakfast is mediocre.,I have stayed here twice. In 2017 I stayed 11 nights and in October 2019 I stayed 5 nights. My room the first stay was much larger my first stay than the room I had on my most recent stay. Both rooms had very small bathrooms. The hotel is in an incredible location. It is very close to the British Museum. There is great shopping nearby on Oxford Street. Live theatre is just a few blocks away. A tube station is about 150 metres away. The breakfast is mediocre and brings my rating down. There isn’t much variety so if you stay several days you will get tired of it. Breakfast can be incredibly crowded as this is a busy hotel. The breakfast didn’t stop me from going back but the primary attraction to me is the location.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pretty good on the whole...,"This was my second (possibly third, I forget!) stay at St Giles London, but my last was perhaps 15 years or so ago) and it was chosen primarily for its location and late/last-minute availability. The standard double room was a little small, if not tiny, the bed seemed ridiculously ‘bouncy’ and small (perhaps compared to what we are used to) and the room was very (too) warm (with the air conditioning unit being too noisy to sleep with - and there was some noise from the street too). The hotel must have been pretty full if the mahoosive queue for a table at breakfast was an indicator of occupancy (thankfully we were early enough to breakfast to avoid the queue!). Otherwise, the room / hotel was perfectly clean and in reasonable / good condition / state of repair, the staff were…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, breakfast abysmal","Stayed here for two nights  Nov 19 Great : check  in and out efficient             Sheets and maid service great            Location amazing   Not great : room size,  wry warm and sticky so had to have window open            Everything is the bedroom  apart from the bathroom tired and rough round the edges            Bed tiny and as soon as you sat on it you moved around the room             Breakfast was appalling ! Cold food, congealed food, cheap and nasty sausages, cheap and nasty jam etc no option for dairy free egg choice,staff sullen at best and not approachable   Overall we are glad we stayed here due to its location for the things we were doing , but it felt like we’d been put in a forgotten bedroom , we did not even go to breakfast the second day , even the toast was…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Time to find somewhere else,"I have been a regular at this hotel for many years and have always enjoyed the stay. Unfortunately my last stay was unsatisfactory. The room was not clean, the soap dispenser in the shower was empty, the tissue box in the bathroom was empty, the TV didn't work, etc etc. Mentioned it to the staff when checking out but they didn't seem that concerned. Regrettably it is time for me to find an alternative.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central,"The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly the room was clean but very small for the price we paid. Breakfast was buffet as they mostly are but no fried eggs, sausages cheap and nasty 🤢  Very busy hotel and close to all theatres and tube stations so a great base for our trip.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, great location, great early check in","Great stay, great location, great early check in.  Located just off oxford street, right next to the theatre. We were able to check in when we arrived in the morning. Not badly priced for a central London hotel.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed bag,"We booked this hotel because of its location and price. We got what we paid for. Its ideally located for the west end shows and shopping. Its in need of refurbishment in places ideally and doesn't look great. We were given a room next to the lifts, which meant for the first night, we didn't get much sleep. The large window was single glazed, which let noise in from outside and a freezing cold draught! thankfully the helpful receptionist moved us, to what ended up, a slightly nicer room, albeit the bed was harder and not very comfortable. As it was quiet, we were happy. The rooms are small but clean. The breakfast was not good. The quality of ingredients weren't great, although we did manage to eat it. We ate in the hudsons restaurant downstairs, which was very good, we were…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel,"It will be hard to find a better location in central London: The hotel is close to trains, restaurants, theaters, and shopping is literally just around the corner. Beds are good, with great sleeping quality, rooms are small but clean with sound insulated walls, but bath rooms are claustrophobic and designed by an imbecile, e.g. it is very difficult to enter the shower due to stupid layout. Even though our room was on the ninth floor, there was almost no view at all, as the same imbecile has designed the rooms with a single window offering an oblique view - to a wall (!!!). Breakfast is great with a good variety of English and European Foods. The hotel is much too big to be personal, so you feel like ""just another guest who is out tomorrow"".",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What a great find......,We stayed last Monday night and had a great stay our room was very comfortable lots of hot water and comfortable bed.Although not very big it was really comfortable and made us think of all the hard work put in by the staff nothing was too much trouble from reception to the management all very helpful Breakfast is exactly what one can expect when you consider how little you are paying compared with other central London hotels.There was plenty to eat and I found my breakfast just fine.Yes they don't  offer fried eggs  however that is a very small concession for such a great value Hotel in a great location with excellent staff   Thank you for a really great stay,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well located,Got a good rate and was very pleased with hotel. Location is excellent on corner of new Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road. 15 mins walk from Leicester Square.   This hotel is big so 11 floors so would personally recommend a lower floor. Rooms were comfortable just ideal for somewhere to sleep.   Lifts can be busy so again another reason for a lower floor. Breakfast was included and a good variety but no coffee options.  If you want a leisurely breakfast then eat out. The area is not big enough for the amount of rooms but I appreciate they do a good job with what they have.   Saying that the menu and prices for dinner/ lunches were really good for London  Helpful staff so would stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as usual,"On average my fiend and I stay at St Giles five to six times per year and taking in various shows, this time it was Fiddler on the Roof, it was fantastic on the 22/10. Our twin room (750) was not as good this time. The shower riser was broken and one of the beds sunk in the middle making it very uncomfortable. The hotel maintains it standard of cleanness and the staff are always helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Great location, reasonable Price.","The rooms are Clean and comfortable, although our room had no view also we could not open the window as we were above the kitchen extractor fan and all we could smell was Cooking. All areas are clean and well presented. The staff were very friendly and helpful nothing was too much trouble. The public bar and restaurant are was nice and comfortable. thank you we enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,AMAZING,"Stunning hotel to stay in. A little bit of a mix up upon payment but quickly sorted. Stunning room, i loved having a dressing room :p bed really comfortable, only downfall is it's so close to wall i kept stubbing my toe :(  Amazing shower could have stayed in it all day lol Breakfast out of this world, so much choice and so tasty as was the dinners.  Only downfall was that a member of staff knicked some of my friends biscuits which i think is not on and reason i don't allow staff to clean my room as we cannot trust you. Such a shame.  Also a member of staff knocked on my room door and i shouted hold on and they just walked into my room... i could have been wrapped in a towel or something.... really not on, if someone says hold on, you wait. You may need a staff meeting! Esp with…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,Very good hotel in an excellent location. Ideally situated for my planned theatre trip . Good value for money. Very pleasant staff. Breakfast wasn’t included but paid £9.95. Excellent breakfast plenty of choice.  Would stay again in this hotel and have breakfast,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, fabulous location, reasonable price","This was our third stay at this nice hotel. The rooms are clean and comfortable, they have all you need for your night's stay. They are a little on the small side but you have to expect that given the fabulous central London location near Tottenham Court Road tube. Sadly we did have an issue this time. We were staying one night, so check out time was 11am.  At 9.30am we had a housekeeper knocking insistingly on the door, and she was pointing emphatically to a list in her hand. I told her we were checking out that morning, and she repeated '11 o clock'. She then came back at 10.15! When you pay over £100 for a nice hotel room, you don't expect to be repeatedly disturbed by the staff. I don't blame the housekeeper herself, I blame her manager. They really need to ensure this…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,horrible horrible horrible,"i would start by saying this hotel used to be great ! i used to stay in this hotel every year and this year was the last. up until 2017 it was  great . why? last year we stayed for a week in august and the hotel made a mistake-  when we checked out .the concierge accidently gave us the wrong luggage and we came to the airport with someone elses luggage .only after the security in heathrow forced the hotel to send a driver with the right luggage and take the others back due to security reasons the hotel sent a driver. it was really bad - almost missed the flight. as an apology the hotel offered 15% off the next stay .this year we booked again.   .  i booked a family room for one week for my son, my mum and myself. as always booked almost a year in advance and asked for the same…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel ok but breakfast just awful,"I was thinking the hotel is actually ok for the money - clean, central location and nice staff.  Breakfast was not included but I was happy to pay the reasonable price of £9.95.  Big mistake- powdered scrambled eggs (request for poached or alternative declined), congealed bacon, disposable coffee cups (really?  Can’t they wash cups?) serving brewed coffee only.  Fruit on offer was only orange and grapefruit cut so badly most of it was pith!  Would stay in hotel again but definitely skip breakfast!",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,our big OE,Room and bathroom  size are on the small side.  Staff are very helpful. there are 3 restaurants but the menu is the small in all them. there are other restaurants near by with in walking distance. Very hand to the underground and people at the underground very helpful.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in the center of London,"Even though we’re at the heart of London ; the hotel is situated in a calm street The personnel is very welcoming and gives the best to make your stay pleasant and easy going  The breakfast is as well international as British ! I’m always amazed how discrete and quick the tables are cleaned and reset  I appreciated the big variety of fresh fruit and different types of bread, yoghurt etc ..   I really recommend this hotel !  However one advice : book early enough and immediately at the hotel reception !!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mouse running in the corridor of the hotel,"I stayed here a few times for business, last week I saw a mouse running on second floor corridor. I reported this to reception staff, they just said oh my god, they went back to what they were doing. Won’t be staying here again!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but.......,"Situated close to Totenham Court tube station this is a large  hotel.We stayed one night in a very small standard room,very dark,small window  looking almost directly onto blank concrete wall.Fairly noisy street sounds if window is open.Room amenities minimal.Breakfast fair in very busy series of soulless  rooms.Fairly average.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nearly a 4/5 but not quite....,"Stayed at the St Giles for a single night.  The standard and city rooms looked fairly basic so I booked into an Executive room which I was hoping would in this 3 star be similar to the 4 star standard rooms I usually stay in....and it pretty much was.  Check in process was ok, the lobby area is always very busy and chaotic, there was an ""Executive check in desk"" but they just directed me back to the normal desks.  I stayed in a Rooftop room, not sure if all Executives are there?...I got some instructions on how you get there and completely forgot them in the lift, but I did manage to find it.  The normal lifts only go up to the 11th floor, so you have to go there and then either get into another lift to take you the last two floors or walk up some stairs, once I knew it, all was…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I have ever stayed in!!,"This hotel is awful! My room was roasting hot and I couldn’t adjust the temperature, there was an air conditioning unit outside my window, there was a blue light outside my window but with no curtains and the blinds didn’t work properly! My plug sockets didn’t work and the door to the room had a 2 inch gap underneath so I heard everything and the light poured in. A horrible experience. Do not stay here!!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Unbelievable location ,"Fantastic location just off oxford street and just a stones throw from Tottenham court road tube station. We stayed in an executive room which was on the 9th floor with nice views of the city. Room is average size but bathroom is quite spacious. Room was equipped with bottled water,biscuits and tea and coffee making facilities. Breakfast in VQ restaurant was also included. Hotel has 3 restaurants attached that all do pre theatre deals on meals. Great hotel would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Too noisy, window not air-/soundtight at all","So much noise from the thin untight window, from the hall, from personnel and other guests. No heating, only one towel (for us to share..), too many guests looking lost in the lobby, the room was ""tired""!",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Daughters 16th birthday ,We stayed here for the night 12th October for my daughters 16th birthday and what a gorgeous hotel with amazing staff! Nothing was too much trouble. We booked a standard room but was upgraded to an executive suite (I’m assuming for my daughters birthday) they had decorated the room with balloons and banners as I requested and also left 2 vouchers for free afternoon tea for us!! They allowed us to check in an hour early (daughter was eager to get shopping) I would highly recommend this lovely hotel 2 minutes walk from Oxford street. ,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Base for theatre,"Stayed for one night to visit Dominion Theatre,great location,it's literally next door,also tube station next to theatre!! After reading some reviews we weren't expecting alot,check in was quick and easy,quite modern surroundings! Lifts were quite busy and corridors were decorated ok,then turned into our corridor,carpet stain and needs replacing,our room was old and needed a bit of tlc but was clean and beds were comfy!!  Strange radiator cover!! Breakfast was very busy but got a table,it's not the best breakfast but has all the usual things you would expect!! Towels are very small and I'm petite myself!! Check out was easy,just a key drop off point!!",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for a London break,"This is my 5th time staying at St Giles. Location is perfect for visiting London. You can walk to Oxford Street, theatres in Covent Garden, plenty of local restaurants around and easy walk to tube station.  Room is fine, clean and comfortable.  bathroom is small but has a great shower. All staff very helpful and friendly. I was able to leave luggage in early before check in, which was a great bonus. Also free wi fi in hotel.  Fantastic location!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed bag,"This is easiest done as two lists  Negative -  Small room, small double bed, small bathroom.  Just small. Both of us repeatedly bitten by some sort of bug. Breakfast was utter carnage and badly organised. Reception is hideous and just so horribly busy, looking like a refugee camp. It is very noisy at night. Hideous building.  Positive -  Breakfast itself is really good (i.e. the food). Location is amazing. Staff were helpful and put right a couple of things very easily. Handy attached restauarants.  It's functional but wins on where it is at a not awful price.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Burglary at the St Giles - Do not recommend this Hotel,"Website images are not reality. Various room standards exist but ours was small with dirty bedding and carpet, no AC or fridge as booked. The bathroom would not drain. Hallway tiles were held down with gaffa tape. Staff were friendly but had limited ability to assist.  The lifts are small, and overload easily so beware if a  problem with confined spaces. Restaurants were OK other than a rat running around in one bar restaurant. Major issue was THEFT from my room.  The Security Manager was helpful. London Metro Police solve crime by email so useless. The burglar had to be in our room for quite sometime to search all our belongings and find the property stolen. Hotel checks revealed that the room  was accessed that day by 2 hotel contract housekeepers. They both obviously denied…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Stayed here twice and always enjoyed my stay. Close to everywhere you can think of in London -- Tottenham court station, Oxford street, Trafalgar square, Saint Paul's church, Chinatown, British museum, etc. Check-in and check-out reception staff super efficient too. There is a bit of a problem with the window during my last stay but it wasn't a big issue for me, neither is the lift being slow.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"What a fantastic hotel, rooms adequate,  beds comfortable,  breakfast great with plenty of choice.  Clean, lovely staff. Location is amazing,  all in all a great place.  Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for central place to stay at very reasonable price ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatre trips & sightseeing.,"The St Giles is always my 1st choice when having a short theatre break in London. It is easy walking distance from many of the theatres & sightseeing areas. The rooms are very well appointed & comfortable,there's an excellent choice of buffet food for breakfast & a choice of restaurants in the hotel if you wish to dine in the evening. The staff are always happy to answer questions, call taxis & give directions (& maps) to places of interest. Everything I need as a solo, ""mature"" female visior.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend,"We booked this hotel for its proximity to London Euston station as we had an early train home. We decided to walk from Euston it took 10-15mins. We booked a City double room which was very nice and clean, slightly small but enough for what you need. The room is on the corner of the hotel and has a double bed, a little living room area with tv, tea/coffee etc, fridge and ironing board etc and a lovely power shower. It’s good for the theatre and Liverpool St station just around the corner. Plenty of bars in the area too if you fancy a quiet drink. Easy check in with bag drop if you arrive early",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It all depends on your expectations,"We liked very-very good location near Oxford Street, ideal for shopping, and Tottenham Court Road tub station. Our room (12 floor) was small, but comfortable and clean. Good breakfast with plenty of choices. Helpful staff. ",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotels in London,"Located near Oxford Street and tube station Tottenham Court Yard. This is the perfect hotel in Central London for me. I will be back at St.Giles december next. Also close are Charing Cross Road, The British Museum. If you travel by Eurostar, St.Giles is a 10 minute walk from St.Pancras International. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room,We came for one night with Timewells Coach Tours. The reception was quite busy and the staff seemed disorganised. The room was very small. The beds were comfortable. The shower knob was extremely difficult to turn and the water was not hot. The breakfast was ok with plenty of choices.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Welcoming staff,"Girlies night out. Stayed here as easy access for theatres.  Twin rooms small but suited our needs for one night.  Rooms were clean, beds comfortable.  Friendly staff - thanks for pens 😊 Very helpful concierge who ran after taxis to ensure we got to show on time. Very good choice for breakfast. One suggestion - height adjustable ironing board would be beneficial for those who are over 5'8"". I could not be bothered as I watched my friend, who is 5'11"", struggle.  Despite that we will book again as price is reasonable  ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Case broken in to,"I visited the hotel back in August with my boyfriend and parents for a few days away. The hotel rooms are fairly dated and cramped but there was no issues regarding this. However, on the final morning whilst packing my case I realised the lock on my case had been broken open and the zip broke. Obviously someone had broken into my case whilst I was out of the room the previous day and I did not notice until then. Luckily there was nothing of value in my case to be taken. I immediately reported this to the hotel staff and security and was informed they would get back to me regarding compensation for the case which I am now unable to use. However, after weeks of trying to get in contact with them via email and telephone, they have told me that “they can’t prove that I hadn’t broken…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One of the saddest hotels I’ve stayed in. ,"I had no idea when I booked this hotel that it was modelled on a Russian Hospital. The foyer is lovely and bright, the rest of the hotel is drab and depressing. The hotel has in excess of 700 rooms and was overrun with school groups. As kids do, they were running and yelling in the hallways, I felt like I was staying in a youth hostel. The rooms have only a tiny window, so very little natural light. The lifts are incredibly slow. I’m not sure who owns the hotel, but the staff are mostly Eastern European with not very good English, and sad attitudes. The only thing going for this hotel is it’s location, and the rooms are clean. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really clean and modern,"Very helpful reception.Clean rooms.Great breakfast with good selection. Reasonably priced and great central location for most popular venues,theatres and restaurants.Only 100 yards to underground station and situated on major bus routes. Would have given 5 stars if the lifts were a bit quicker,as there are 16 floors(I think?)",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fair ,"Very cramped room, no fridge. This hotel is old and hasn’t been updated in a while. We needed ice and it was only available in floors 1-3. Lifts at those floors only went down, so to get ice I would have to go down to the lobby and then back up to my floor. Breakfast was good and plentiful. Next time in London I will find a different place. ",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just nice for a little rest and go in the heart of London,"It's in the middle of London where you can have a walking distance to Tottenham Court Road station that can connect you through all main attraction of London or you can go to the airport by one interchange.You can find Primark just a few steps from this hotel and also a few shop like TK Maxx,Mc D,a few branded shop and not to forget a walking distance to Chinatown.The hospitality is great but don't expect a big luxurious room cause it's a very small room where you can have a little rest for your next shopping and sightseeing journey.It's a pricey for a single room which is like a size of a store room.The bed is so light but the comforter is so comfy.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a night at the theater,Stayed the afternoon and night here for a trip to the theater in the evening. Was delighted to find this very good hotel minutes away for an incredible price for such a location. Would definitely come back again.,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,This is a busy place,"This is really a busy hotel. The location is great, within walking distance to so many important locations. Because of that there are a lot of groups that book here. The room I had was small with no drawers to place my clothes and no space to lift my suitcase up on to so I lived out of my suitcase on the floor for three days. Nevertheless, it was a good place to stay. There are three restaurants in the hotel, only one is actually operated by the hotel and the breakfast it offers with many of the room packages is not worth the extra charge. If you book an executive room, you will be sent to another restaurant on the ground floor where the breakfast is no better, just the service is worse. This will not be any place you brag about when you get home but it is safe and clean and the…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shabby and smelly,"I stayed for one night. The room was not dirty but smelled terrible from the bathroom and water dropped constantly from the tube. Everything is so old, smelly  and worned . The location is great and the staff was friendly and service minded. But the building and the rooms really needs an uplift.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but has a few minor issues,"I stayed here whilst on business and it's been years since I stayed in this hotel. The hotel itself is in a prime location just off Oxford Street so ideal for shopping and tube links. The hotel internally is impressive and actually deceivingly larger than it looks. Check in was busy as expected at evening time but no hassle other than waiting for my key. My room was a corner room, tiny and very dated. The blue striped duvet cover could do with replacing and bringing into this year. The furniture was also very dates and should be replaced with standard hotel furniture again bringing it up to date. I can see why the hotel doesn't as It's always full due to the location. What I couldn't understand was why I'd been provided with Tea/Coffee, cups/saucer but no kettle?? How do you…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantasic location to West End and tourist attractions,"St Giles Bedford Ave is very close to most theatres in West End and was a short walk and safe even late at night.  Facilities were clean and the staff friendly two minor shortfalls were the 10-15 steps in the lobby from the street which were difficult to get up and down with heavy luggage. Plus also, the lift to the roof top rooms was tiny and could hold 1 person and 1 full size luggage at a time.  Overall, a great hotel close to everything and welcoming staff",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It ruined our weekend,"To whom this may concern,   After several days of reflecting on my recent visit, I feel it’s only right I leave a review and REAL feedback.   Where do I even begin!? I will explain the incident and then give my feedback about the hotel. Having previously stayed in this hotel, I decided it would be ideal for our family trip to London.   We booked our trip to London from Ireland for the 20th to 22nd of September 2019.  Two hotel rooms were booked through a booking agent called Amoma in May 2019. On the 16th of September, we were notified that Amoma was to cease trading which initially had us concerned. We immediately called the St Giles Hotel on the 17th of September (approx. 1:00 am) to ensure our booking was secure. We were told by this particular staff member that our booking…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shabby,"Booked this hotel as part of theatre deal and the price was pretty reasonable. It became obvious why when we checked into our room. The room very much needed updating, far poorer quality than a premier Inn. The TV was hanging at an angle on the wall, one of the two plug sockets didn't work and the room looked very tired. House keeping were knocking on the door at 8.30 despite us not having to check out until 10.  Breakfast was included, however the queue was so long to get into the restaurant that we ended up going to a cafe down the road!  The hotel is centrally located which is a bonus and check in and check out was easy.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Attentive staff made our stay,"We use this hotel for our short trips to London, this time September 2019.  The location on the edge of Oxford Street and closeness to all London transport makes this a very convenient hotel.  Prices are comparable with other hotels although if you are able to book in advance some good deals can be obtained.  All the staff we met were very helpful and we appreciated the attention given by the concierge staff.  My wife has limited mobility and uses a wheelchair and the concierge staff were always quick to help and make our stay more .enjoyable.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shocking disabled facilities,"My parents are in their 70s and staying here for one night. Room is basic, small and pretty unimpressive but my main gripe is the lack of provision for disabled guests. Having a drink in the bar and asked the concierge for the key for the disabled toilet for my mother. Was told she should have her own radar key to access it! Then had to queue for over 10 minutes at the chaotic reception to beg a key. Then a further wait for the manager to reluctantly hand over said key. Felt I was asking for the Crown Jewels. Never had this in any bar or restaurant in London or anywhere for that matter. It was also the baby changing so good luck if you have a toddler in a fix in this place! When I asked to speak to someone to complain to I was only offered an email address - says it all really! ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Stayed here for 3 nights which cost over £700 for myself and a colleague.  rooms small and grubby.  Kettle lead didn’t even reach the socket so couldn’t make a coffee.  Breakfast time too chaotic as staff not organised.  Charge of £5 per attendance to the gym.  Vending machines on level 5 and 6 not in use and no vending machine in level 7.  Bought a lattè in VQ and it was small, warm and cost more than £3.  Terrible stay, would not book again ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic,"I have stayed at this hotel previously a few years ago on business.  The hotel is very centrally located.  Rooms are very small and basic and are now looking quite tired.  The bed however was very comfortable.  The TV was unwatchable due to the signal dropping out constantly.  The room was not as clean as it could have been with noticeable dust, a tv remote that was a health hazard and the tap in the bathroom looking like it hadn't been touched.  Check in was very disappointing.  The staff member who checked me in barely looked at me, did not explain the facilities in the hotel, when was check out, where to go to find my room, his level of customer service left a lot to be desired.  Having worked as a HR Manager in a hotel for several years, I was very disappointed in the…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break,Stayed at the St Giles London Bedford Ave London for a short break great location and hotel stayed in executive double room really nice. Breakfast good and plenty of selection. Would stay there again and recommend it to my friends.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A hotel find with perfect positioning ,"Just stayed for a night as a birthday treat with my mum. Great twin room, clean and tidy. Great variety for breakfast and just on the doorstep from theatreland and the British Museum.  Very reasonably priced and a real find. Will certainly be revisiting",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast. Good location. Good price. Nice staff,"Great breakfast. Good location. Nice staff. They gave us free breakfast during our stay. The breakfast was excellent. Our executive room is big enough for our family. The price is also reasonable. Again, Great breakfast. Good location. Nice staff.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location only,"We had booked and paid for a weekend stay at this hotel via a booking agent , we confirmed our booking  with the hotel a week before arriving . When we arrived to the hotel having  traveld from another country . The receptionist could not find our  name in the system, and that our booking had been canceld by the booking agent. We were in shock. The receptionist  called her manager over , who was totally unsympathetic. Had a Matter of fact attitude towards us. Stating the booking agent had gone bankrupt and it was not the hotels problem.  If we wanted to stay we would have to pay again and that was only if rooms were available. We were in limbo and feeling so much tension. Everyone was watching us and listening. This manager was rude and  abrupt  which almost led to a heightened…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Budget Hotel in a Great Location,Stayed here recently after seeing a show at the Dominion Theater as it was a 2 minute walk away. The value for money was amazing for a hotel in central London. Our room was small but clean and quiet and had everything we needed including a hairdryer and kettle with tea and coffee. The staff were great and check in/out was very easy! The hotel has three restaurants attached to it one of which is 24/7 so there is always food available. We had the free breakfast in Sage and Chilli which was excellent and is available from 6.30 to 10.30 to suit everyone. Would definitely stay here again for it's great location.,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Price, price, price; location, location, location","This hotel really cannot be beat for its combo of amazing location and spectacularly low price (everything else in the area is around 3-4x more expensive, at least). Don't have high expectations of luxury, because you get what you pay for... But what you get is clean, comfortable, and a really committed staff who care a lot and go the extra mile for service (I don't remember the names of the people I talked to at reception, for which I am sorry, but every single one of them was at the top of their game. I had a bunch of questions and special requests and they solved everything without fail). And, honestly, if you come to London for shopping and theatre, like I do, and don't spend a lot of time in you hotel room (I mean, why would you?) this is literally the PERFECT hotel.…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ideal stay central for walking, exploring, buses, subway  etc","Beautiful area for this central hotel perfect for exploring London and minutes from the Dominion Theatre.  Rooms are compact but not in them very long since you are out enjoying the city, lots to see and do in this central location. We walked most places as was so easy - can take the bus to Camden, walked to Covent Gardens, Trafalgar Square, The Square, Borough Market etc but can take Subway etc. Concierge very helpful - has 24 restaurant so you are never stuck even has a casino if you have money left.  Will defo return when in London ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but poor standard of rooms,This hotel is well situated just off Tottenham Court Road. The public areas are very attractive but as soon as you get into the corridors away from the main lobby you enter a rabbit warren of narrow corridors and small rooms that are more like cubboards than proper rooms. The decor is shabby. The furnishings and fittings are fairly spartan and cheap looking. The shower cubicle was tiny and the shower itself was more of a dribble than a proper shower. I wish I had paid a bit extra and gone somewhere nicer.,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location in London West end,The location of the St Giles is excellent it is a 5 minutes walk to the British Museum and London school of hygiene and 1-2 minutes walk to the Tottenham court station   It is about 10 minutes walk to Soho so one has a wide variety of dining options   If one loves to shop... Oxford street is just round the corner starting with “Primark” which is almost diagonally opposite to the hotel   My room had wonderful view of the sky line and it was always clean. I would have loved to have a  small table to do my writing.   The selling point for St Giles is location location location location at a fair price. The bathroom was very well spaced with a lot of room  I definitely recommend St Giles for anyone visiting the west end both for business and leisure   ,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good visit,"Booked this hotel for a one night stay directly through hotel website as it was the best price. Had tickets for lion King as a treat for soon to be 10 years old daughter. This is a good location for the lyceum theatre. 15 minute walk. Tube station just round the corner. Anyway, we arrived at st pancras on train at 10:30am. Taxi to hotel( £9) to store our luggage til we could check-in later. Storage was next to reception and well manned. No one wandering off with luggage. Straight into secure room behind counter. After some sight seeing we came back around 4 pm to check-in. Which was quick and easy after collecting luggage. On 3rd floor in a standard twin room. Small room, a bit dated, but clean. Kettle, tv, safe. No fridge or air con but for one night perfectly fine. Good shower…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent experience at convenient price and location ,"I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel during 5 nights in early August. My room was actually small, as it was my bathroom but also very clean and renovated, even though it did not have air conditioning. The receptionist at my arrival (9am Wednesday) told my room was ready, I was really happy having in mind normal check in starts at 2pm. Nice touch from the hotel. I left my luggage and I could go around the city and start my sightseeings. I was staying at 12th floor, I should advise that if you have heavy luggage or up to 2 luggages you need to change the lift at 11th floor; it’s a tiny lift for one person and up to 2 luggage but it’s better than going through the stairs with them. I used concierge services for some online purchases I made before my arrival and during my stay.…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,4 nights in London,"Older hotel in fantastic location. Rooms are small but good enough and clean. No air conditioning and can get a little noisy with the windows open but it’s minor.  Staff are excellent with a special mention to Maria who went more than the extra mile and Jakob who was very helpful.  Food and service are good in restaurant. They add a 12% gratuity but there is also a place for “Tip” on the bill that is after the VAT. That was the only thing that disappointed me. I tip well but not twice and not on top of a gratuity and tax. Didn’t let that put me off as the rest of it was all good.  Just a couple of minutes from underground station and buses/taxis are right outside  Finally, the price is really good!",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gem of a find,As a disabled person who stayed with my husband and friend from the moment we arrived the staff were excellent. In particular the concierge and Gabriel in Sage and Chilli restaurant. Highly recommend.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location - and that’s unfortunately it!,"It used to be that St Giles’ standard was really high for the star rating but I think it has gone down - below acceptable. Rooms are scruffy, carpets are smelly and dirty looking, rooms extremely small and basic. Staff varies to say the least - one promises to bump you up to save you from having to switch room - other staff tells you you’re not even checked in yet (24 hours in stay). The breakfast vibe is “hunger games/ prison cafeteria” long lines to metal trays with something you retrieve with a ladle. And that Something is not good for you. I think my mission will become to try and find a new Soho based hotel for future stays. Since one has earned it’s time.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"First time in London. I came with my parents, I had my own single room, they had a double room. The rooms are very small, especially my single room. At first I was concerned, however it was very comfortable, my bed was great. It was a good stay. There is no air conditioning though, luckily we missed the heat wave, but they do provide a fan and I saw there was heating if needed.  Location was excellent! Walking distance to lots of main sights such as Trafalgar Square. Underground station Tottenham Road was only a very short walk away, and the Underground is so easy to use which makes everything so much better. Lots of shopping and restaurants around, and a super market right across the road.  After the initial shock of having such a small room, I really did enjoy my stay here.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful rooms,My first room smelt of drains & was so tired and worn out. The staff moved me to a different room. This one smelt of cooking as must have been near the extractors. Had to close the small window and put the portable fan on all night.  The bathroom was disgusting. No soaps or shampoos etc.   The tv in the room is PC monitor size.  This hotel is 10 years overdue for a refurb and there’s no chance I’ll ever stay there again. It’s supposed to be 4 star - you’ve got to be joking.  Avoid at all costs.,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So close to everything,"St Giles is in a fantastic location in Covent Gardens. The rooms are older but comfortable, and you may have to wait a long time for elevators so just be prepared and leave an extra few minutes to wait. It was a very busy hotel but the staff seem very organised and helpful. Breakfast was also good.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor hotel and service","First, it IS a good option because of location. Centrally located, straddling SoHo and Chinatown, Oxford street is less than half a mile away with numerous Underground stops nearby.   That being said, for the amount they charge for a night's stay, one can get a better hotel. The lobby may look renovated and trendy but once you get off the elevator, it's like stepping back 2 decades. The rooms, while clean, do not have air conditioning. They leave an electric fan in one of the closets for your cooling needs. There is no refrigerator for your water or snacks. The bathroom is clean, but noticeably old. The carpets are stained.   The concierge desk offers luggage holding if you are checking in and your room isn't ready. A WORD OF CAUTION: DO NOT LEAVE ANYTHING THAT ISN'T LOCKED WITH…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic,"We had stayed here many years ago, and the location suited us again this time. The marketing photos for the hotel look great; however, the reality is that, apart from the reception area, the room (including shower room) we stayed in was tired, grubby and very much in need of a good scrub and repaint. The toilets located behind the concierge area were bordering on unhygienic. We paid for breakfast for the 2 nights that we stayed however, decided to eat out on the second morning as breakfast felt rushed and unappealing. Lifts were a bit hit and miss for so many people using them. There only seemed to be 2 working.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in excellent location,"St Giles Hotel is an excellent choice if you are looking to stay in Central London. This hotel provided everything I needed. My room was spotless and very comfortable. I had tea and coffee making facilities in the room. There was a nice desk in the room and superfast broadband. The hotel had a swimming pool and casino. There was a Sainsbury's Local just across the road and plenty of restaurants nearby. The British Museum was just down the road. I was on a business trip, but I couldn't resist doing some sight-seeing, as it was in an excellent location for getting about London. If you need to stay in Central London, I would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average room","The lobby and reception service staff was pretty cool. The lobby is quite modern and hip which is quite open. The service was really good and our receptionist asked if I had any room preference. We didn't, so when the couple checking in next to us got their room (granted we were checking in an hour early) I assumed ours would be ready too because of no preference. Instead to be told the room will be ready about 30 minutes AFTER check in time. This led me to then think she's given us a pretty nice room... so went for a bite and a look around the neighborhood while waiting and returned an hour after check in time.  Got to the room and ugh! Small, no ventilation, one window in the farthest corner of the hotel. Tiny bathroom... the worst part was the lack of ventilation and with it…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Comfortable and roomy has everything you need for a short stay, only the breakfast could be better as some of the meat was a bit stale, and the ice machine wasn’t working so had to go supermarket to buy some,  but very friendly staff.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here a couple of times and is a very average hotel. I mainly book for location as it is 5 minutes away from the tube and just off Oxford street.  The lobby looks lovely but the rooms are quite old fashioned and could do with upgrading and renovating. Storage space and wifi are good with comfy beds.  Found staff members to be quite rude at times, not responding to you when talking to them and many not having knowledge of how to check people in or what to do when a simple problem occurs like a key doesn't work etc.  Overall, great location and fairly cheap but you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location , helpful staff","Booked this very last minute and it was a decent room for the price we paid. I asked for a high floor and was allocated a room on the 9th floor, Considering the hotel is located on one of the busiest roads in London, apart from a few police sirens, there was very little traffic noise. So good soundproofing. A pity the same cannot be said for the 2 ""ladies "" who arrived back to their room opposite at 3.30am banging doors, shouting and laughing!! Still that is not the fault of the hotel.  Check in was speedy, with friendly attentive staff, who told us to contact them if we needed extra towels, which we did , twice, before the towels arrived. The room although quite small . was comfortable and exceptionally clean, including the bathroom/shower. We were grateful for the fan as ,…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location that's about it. ,"Stayed here from Sunday till Tuesday for my birthday with my friend. Booked it cause of the location. We arrived around noon and our room wasn't ready yet. Which is fine, it was still early. We could leave our luggage at least free of charge and were told to come back at 2pm. We came back quarter after 2 and our room still wasn't ready. We were told to come back in a hour again. Staff apologised but already that was a bad impression. Finally in the evening we made it to our room with 2 single beds as requested. Beds are comfy. It had a small window in the corner into a very noisy street. Room wasn't cleaned the next day. Only 4 elevators available for a very busy hotel. Obviously the hotel attracts a lot of groups and young people, due to the location and price. A lot of them…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Near from most of london touristic atractions, near to a tube station, super well located. Friendly staff, clean room. A little bit loud but I always travel with my ear plugs so that was definetly not a problem. Next time in London, I will sure stay there again",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The room was good..........that's about all that was!,"We stayed here for the weekend after choosing the hotel for both its reviews and location. Check in was quick and easy. The room was great, very comfortable bed, duvet, pillows and what you would expect. A little warm as no a/c however a fan was provided which helped as opening the window was not an option due to the noise outside. The next morning  we went down to very crowded breakfast room, the food selection was ok, however the waiting staff are appalling! Dirty table, rude staff, some customer service training needs to happen, they wouldn't even speak to you just grunt. This was a real let down. After breakfast we thought we would go for a swim, little did we know that the pool was not part of the hotel and you would have to pay £5 per person, this is not indicated on the…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,PERFECT LOCATION FOR EXPLORING,"I have just returned from a 3 night stay at St Giles, this was my first time staying in the hotel.  I was taken there by my mother in law as a birthday treat to the city and its the 4th time that she has stayed there.  Only a short taxi ride from Euston station and we were greeted by the friendly staff who remembered my M-i-L.  A banner had been put up in our room for my birthday and some chocolates and an umbrella as gifts. We also had vouchers for some fizz in the bar.  All really nice touches.    The location of the hotel as most of the reviews state is amazing, as a London novice It was so convenient for shopping theaters and soaking in the atmosphere.  The rooms are clean and the beds comfy, given that we never spent much time there as we were out most of the time.  Only…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldnt stay anywhere else,"Second time we have stayed at the St Giles,It's fab. Our twin room was great, only gripe, the bathroom door wouldnt close and just sprung back sitting ajar so just as well I was there with my sister otherwise it couod have been quite embarrassing. Big fan and air cooler in the room, it was 32° the first day we arrived, so these were great for keeping our room nice and cool. The hallways that lead to the rooms were absolutely boiling tho. Beds were comfy, breakfast is really nice too, plenty selection inc cooked breakfast items and cold options also. Staff are very nice. The location of the hotel is amazing. 15 min walk to Covent Garden, leicster sq, Trafalgar sq, Soho, China Town, Over all a great 3 night stay! Look forward to next time",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and value,"3 minutes from Tottenham Court Rd tube station.  Very helpful staff, good sized and clean room.  Downside was the terrible heat all night (although a fan was provided).  The shower was adequate but did the job.  Tea and coffee making in room.  We would stay again - but in cooler weather.  Excellent value for money.  Thank you to staff who all gave out helpful advice.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel ,"Good hotel, could do with rooms updating and air con as its quiet warm and only get a window to open. Good location, righ near a sainsburys. Bar nice too!!!! Comfy bed, friendly staff. Good place to stop to explore the city close to tubes. Only got one towel in the bathroom for two people that needs addressing.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly fine.,"Stayed here for three nights. Rooms are fine, clean, small- but really if you are in London for sightseeing, they are adequate. No air con, but there were two fans in the room.  My only complaint would be the lifts. Very very slow. There is no waiting in line for your turn either- your fellow travellers will knock you out of their way to get in one! Perhaps everyone was feeling frustrated by the slowness of the lifts!  Otherwise would recommend.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor Air Con no room service disappointing ,"This was our second stay at the hotel.Myself and my wife visited London to watch a show have meals and a bit of sight seeing . As we were happy last time I rebooked 3 years later . As my wife suffers with breathing problems I noticed the weather was forecast to be very hot so I rang the hotel the night before we were due to go to ensure they had air conditioning I was assured it was fine as we had booked an executive room . The staff on reception were lovely as our room want ready at 1 pm so advised us to leave cases with the concierge, who again were top class The disappointing thing was the air conditioning was set on 16 degrees at its lowest and was not cool  . The room was lovely and we asked for a fan which did help at the evening. After the theatre trip to watch Les…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed reviews,"Firstly lovely hotel lobby and decor as you arrive. Food in sage restaurant was good, reasonably priced, and the staff are very friendly. Breakfast buffet was nice, varied and hot, however the queue for seating was ridiculous. A bigger seating area is definatley needed. My first room, standard single was terrible. Too small, I could hardly move and im of a slim build. There was no air con and because the room was so small it intensified the heat. They provided a small fan but it wasn’t powerful enough. The bathroom cubicle was too small, old, dirty, musty smell and the power from the shower was so intense it pierces your skin.  After complaining i was moved to another single room which had air con and alot better. Still not that clean, but managable and bigger in size.  Overall…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Loved it !,"Check is was efficient. Room was pretty large ! Very comfy bed indeed. Lovely bathroom with the most amazing shower ! All the tea/coffee you could need. Lovely breakfast , very efficient considering the number of guests. Food good choice and hot ! Will stay again when we see our next show. 10/15 mins walk to the theatres & is very central. Loads of pubs and eating places. Spoilt for choice. 😁",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location ,"This hotel is perfect if you’re just in need of somewhere to sleep and get ready, we couldn’t of asked for much more. I had read quite a few negative reviews but we couldn’t of faulted it at all, the staff were friendly and attentive and our room was very clean and the beds were comfy. We had no problems at all in the hotel. We stayed on August Bank holiday weekend so it was extremely hot with it reaching up to 32 Degrees, the hotel had provided fans which was enough for us. The room was nice and quiet, even though the hotel was fully booked. The hotel made our trip extremely easy as it’s a 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Station meaning we had access to everything we needed, it’s a 10 minute walk from Covent Garden and 20 minute walk to Leicester Square. We would 100% stay…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Frightfest 2019 - And it was a shocker!,Every year i come to London for the August Frightfest film festival in Leicester Square. I only live in Clapham but the combination of late nights and early mornings mean its easier to stay over. The festival with all its expenses is quite costly so i try to find somewhere that is cheap(ish) and convenient but is a hotel. A friend had told me he had stayed there before for the same reason and said it was ok. So i booked £450 for 6 nights.  Check in was fine and the lady on reception asked me if i would like a quiet room so i said yes. She allocated me room 589. As i arrived on floor 5 i should have realised then that there maybe an issue as it was clear from the signs that this room had been recently added. What i didn't expect when i opened the door was to see a room that…,Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy and stressful ,"The location is genius, but that’s more or less it. Small rooms with no adjustable air conditioning, small bathrooms with even smaller showers, and very much noise from the street. Our sink was clogged when we arrived, and the receptionist wasn’t helpful in any way. Very crowded reception with long cues and slow check in. Elevators are slow and small, and the hotel is in desperate need of some serious tlc. ",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good quality hotel, great location ","We stayed for a theatre trip, and a visit to the British Museum - the hotel is ideally placed for both. Comfortable, clean, and with friendly staff.  Maybe in need of updating but £98 for a twin room was good value. Concierge desk very helpful and held luggage for us when we checked out.  Would return. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Break,"Second time staying in this wonderful hotel...first time we stayed in the classic twin  room which I will say was a little tired and small but did the trick. Breakfast on this stay was in the sage and chill and it was a great buffet but very busy.  This time we booked a city twin room which looked and sounded great however as it was my birthday the lovely kieran upgraded us to a Executive Twin Suite room which was more than a treat great size room with a fab view all over London, big bathroom with full suite including a bath and breakfast in the VQ which was lovely and all freshly made to order. As well as this upgraded there was some birthday treats left in the room. This lovely gesture really added to my birthday break. The hotel is well located for everything, clean, staff…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better hotels cheaper nearby,"This is the first time I've written a review about a hotel. I travel to London a lot on business and I usually stay at the Bedford hotel in Russell Square. This hotel is great I can always check in early there are no queues for the lift or at breakfast or at reception, the staff are friendly and efficient and it's very relaxed. In the morning at breakfast the staff show you to a table and serve coffee or tea there's never a problem to get a table and there's no queueing. Lovely garden and lots of light and space too.  I stayed here on the second week of August and the following week I stayed at the St Giles Hotel because unfortunately my company travel booking company suggested it and thought i may give another hotel a try. Mistake!  What a difference very disappointed with my…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,We been using st Giles to our holiday in uk for a long time and we don't search for other hotel as staff cleaning service every time we go it's always perfect and great service too .also I would like to mention the porter he is really nice and helpful men keep it up his really nice and set and try to help you out all over his way .  ,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Hotel is in a great location, we were able to walk to Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace, Aldwych Theatre, Churchill’s War rooms etc........ The staff were helpful and friendly, payment for everything is made up front, no room charges which I found odd but it allowed a simple key drop as check out.  The room was basic but clean and provided everything we wanted. We had breakfast the first morning and did not go back the second morning, it was very much a canteen experience and the food choice limited and food quality not great. Excellent value for money however for a hotel in this location and we will use it again in the future as a base but will not eat there. The attached bar was convenient and the house beer very good.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"My daughter booked the two of us in here for a one night stay after her and her brothers surprised me with a West End ticket for my birthday.  Having read some of the previous reviews I was a little concerned, however, I shouldn't have been.  Yes, the room is compact, as is the bathroom,  but both were spotlessly clean.  We were able to check in early and then hit the shops, before heading back to have a short rest, and change, to head for the theatre.  It was slightly noisy in the night with people talking loudly in the corridor, but hey, we were so tired that after we fell asleep, we were not woken up until my alarm in the morning.   I'd have no hesitation in staying here again.  A fabulous location :-)  and reasonable.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms,"For a London weekend break this has to be classed as a central hotel. It's at the end of Oxford Street and near Tottenham Court Road underground station. The rooms are small, even tiny and I've seen bigger bathrooms on a cruise ship. Breakfasts were on the whole good with a good seating table plan.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What a shame,"We only stayed one night the staff were very friendly, welcoming and helpful but that's where it ended. Our room had no working lights in the main room thank goodness for the bathroom light. Breakfast what can I say horrendous food wasnt great, cattle market comes to mind. I foolishly thought a lovely relaxing breakfast before we leave for paris but oh no push & shove people acting as if the food was going to run out, dirty tables a free for all. Wooden spoons handed out so you could place them on your table Really!!! The location was great and would I stay again maybe I would but breakfast really wasnt worth the stress or the food.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but too busy,The location is outstanding but it is extraordinarily busy with breakfast being quite unpleasant. You get a wooden spoon to keep a table and if you get a coffee before getting breakfast you might come back to someone having grabbed your table. The rooms are clean if small and I had air conditioning which is apparently new. Staff are friendly. The lifts are slow. ,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It’s really ok,"Due to the wide variety of reviews I was a little apprehensive about this hotel.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.  The rooms were small but clean and well equipped.  The shower was great.  There were tea making facilities and a hairdryer.  The food was very adequate with plenty of choice for breakfast.  The only problems we encountered were, the room was incredibly warm and, even with the window open, wouldn’t cool down.  The other problem was, one morning the bin men came to empty the bins and the smell was other worldly.  It was terrible and people were eating their breakfast.   ",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Over night stay,"Stayed at the St Giles Hotel for one night, it is ideally located for the underground & Oxford Street. The lobby area on entering the hotel is very modern, bright & trendy, it is well presented.  We stayed in room 861, it had views of the city including the London Eye.  The room was a decent size, the bed was comfortable, there was spare bedding if required.  There was a very small bathroom, with a shower unit, it is small for a large person to comfortably shower.  There is a partitioned wall off the entry way/bedroom with a dressing table, mirror. There is a hairdryer & tea & coffee making facilities.  We had breakfast included with our stay, the breakfast was very good. Buffet style, there was cereals, fresh fruit, yoghurt, pastries, & a good selection of a fried breakfast. …",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but could use a renovation","I stayed for one night in a single room which was small, but big enough for one person. Room was clean and tidy, although showed signs of wear (scuffs, water stains etc.). Rather noisy hallway on the 4th floor, but no street noise with the window closed. Pleasant and helpful staff, luggage storage both at arrival and departure was free of charge. Location is superb, very close to tube as well as supermarket, pharmacy and cafes.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Decent hotel, but very noisy","Stayed for 5 days. Very good location right. Next to Oxford street and the metro that takes you to any major attractions.  The breakfast is mediocre at best and not worth the money.   The rooms are very small but clean. The Doors/walls are paper thin, resulting in drunk People yelling in the hallway at 1-2am. We were both woken up thursday & friday Night by People out in the hallway yelling. We were at 8th floor mind you, so it wasnt from outside.   To sum up, decent hotel, friendly staff (apart from Hudson’s Bar inside the hotel) and a great location. I Think this sums up to 3 stars.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Experience,We recently stayed for 2 nights in one of the double executive suites. The room was spacious with a separate sitting area with views over the London skyline as promised. The room was clean and fresh. The staff were really helpful. The breakfast at the VQ was really good. I would recommend this hotel and would gladly book to stay here again,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Room with a view,"We returned to St Giles before returning to SA. Room was rooftop, very spacious, home away from home. Amenities awesome.   Breakfast,  excellent service and choice.   Location, ideally situated to get around London.   Have no hesitation recommending this hotel.  Very popular with tour groups.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean and comfortable","I stayed at this hotel with my Aunt during our quick trip to London, which was mainly for theatre, eating out and drinking.  The hotel is in a perfect location just a 3 minute walk from Tottenham Court Rd tube station.  However, I must admit we hardly used the tube - we walked to Covent Garden in 10 minutes and then walked to the theatres we were going to in roughly the same time.  Its literally a 10 minute walk from Leicester Sq too - ideal.  Our room was very clean and comfortable, don't get me wrong it is pretty basic but our room was on the corner which meant we had a separate sitting area with a sofa and TV.  There was also a hairdryer/tea/coffee and access to an ironing room if required.  Have now stayed there 4 times over the last 10 years travelling to London for the…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Extremely efficient and clean and a brilliant location.,"The staff at this hotel work very hard but very cheerfully and are quick to help with advice. The location is brilliant - 10 minutes walk to Leicester Square -trains to Heathrow and the best theatres in the world - and 5 minutes from the British museum. Go for a walk on Saturday night around Soho - just a few minutes away....real party land but we never saw any bad drunken behaviour. Everyone was just having a great time. Also easy walks to the palaces, White Hall etc.. Do suggest you upgrade to the Executive package...this gives you breakfast at the VQ restaurant, where the service is also excellent. Only reservations - delays at the lifts and the internet is not great.....but hey! You are in London and should you be sitting in your room when you are surrounded by the very best…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Grotty hotel,"I wouldn't stay at this hotel again.  Yes its centrally located but that's its only appealing factor.  Very dated rooms.  Some furniture was broken.  The shower taps were also broken.  The window had been left open so the wall and carpet were wet from the rain.  I stayed for one night only, thankfully.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Great position right by Tottenham Court Road station and close to Oxford Street etc. Room was very clean although quite small and stuffy at night (fan is provided however). If you do open the window for air you get the street noise-unavoidable I guess in central London. Breakfast is buffet style, just under £10 per person if you haven’t pre-booked.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City break ,"Fabulous location right beside the tube, primark and oxford street shopping. Room was small and could do with revamping. Fan was supplied. Three fabulous restaurants with excellent theatre menu special offers. 2 course 12£. Vq restaurant 24hrs friendly welcoming staff, mouth watering food and the fastest service I’ve experienced anywhere. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If I could give less than a 1 I would!,"This is an awful place to stay, I was placed in a corner room with a broken blind on the only window. It was the heatwave too so I have ventilation only if I opened the small window but then had very bad noise pollution! The sink didn’t drain, the shower had no attachment making it very uncomfortable to use and the only fan was the smallest you can buy and for a room booked for two adults I was provided three towels. I complained about some of the issues to the reception staff and she laughed at me. I emailed to complain and was told that I could have a discounted stay if I wanted! I mean their compensation means I have to spend more money with them. That will not be happening! I was categorically told I would not be getting a refund by the manager who called me! DO NOT WASTE…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but smell of damp,A very nice hotel centrally located and close to the tube we did however have to leave the lift and climb two flights of stairs (walking past a leak in the ceiling with a bucket underneath that had overflowed onto the carpet and was causing an awful damp smell) to get to our room. Despite this our stay was pleasant and reasonably priced so we would choose this hotel again.,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny rooms, slow lifts, construction work going through the night opposite the hotel.",We arrived in London at st Giles at 10am and were told the room would be ready at 2pm. We came back around 6pm and went up to our room. It was very small. No where to put suitcases to even open them properly you had to put them on the bed.   The room had no air conditioning just a small fan that plugged into the wall. As it was a heat wave in london the room was uncomfortable to sleep in at night with the heat but the worst part was the constant noisy and banging going on outside it went all night long. In order to get any floor you had to leave the window open and then you had all the noise.   Fortunately we had noise cancelling headphones which we had to sleep with for the 3 nights. For over 600 Aussie dollars for the stay we would not stay here again- location is good.  …,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Had really good, stay here. Room was fine, clean. Good,shower. Extra pillows etc in wardrobe. Breakfast was very good and efficient. Was busy but never queued for anything. Chef made the toast, hate having to stand doing it yourself and queueing for those rotating toasters, where it comes out barely done  Great location, lots of nice shops, around there. British museum nearby. Would stay again as perfect for our needs.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad Rooms but Excellent Location,"I stayed at St. Giles for 6 nights during my business trip to London. This hotel is located at one of the most central location of London. It is 1 min walk to Tottenham court Underground station, few steps away from Oxford Street and almost walkable from many key tourist locations especially Soho. I loved how convenient it is to find all brands on Oxford street, so you can completely avoid visiting malls. British Museum, ISKCON temple (they do have a vegan/vegetarian restaurant) is just 5 mins away.  Now about the hotel, the staff is friendly, check-in was also comfortable. I also liked the breakfast, it was decent. You can also find vegan milk if you ask the staff during the breakfast. Now the sad part, rooms are the smallest I have seen till date. It was peak summer and there…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"A neat hotel, not very fancy, but offers everything you need for a good night rest on a city trip. The room was average (a classic double), just enough for two people. Check-in went smoothly and it wasn't a problem to leave our luggage behind for a while. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Location cant be topped.  Rooms ideal for overnight stay. Quick check in/out I do like a ""was everything ok"" on check out which sadly was not asked I had a booking issue prior to my stay and I cant praise the hotel enough for helping sort it Lifts busy! Safe secure place, quiet, ideal on my budget",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and price,"St Giles has an amazing location. It’s fair in all the reviews is what all travelers say about the hotel. It’s near the tube, it’s near soho, Chinatown, pubs and restaurants all over. Location is spot on.  The price is very decent, for London... you won’t really find a better deal. The staff are amazing, they were very kind and helpful in every way possible. Breakfast was alright. Simple buffet with English breakfast, breads, fresh fruit, yogurts. Very decent. We spent 7 nights here and the rooms are small. When we first checked in, we found out our room didn’t have AC! In the summer heat, that would have destroyed our vacation. Pls check your reservation to make sure your room has AC, luckily we were able to change our room. Again the rooms are small but still comfortable.…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"Absolutely great location right next to Tottenham Court Rd tube, and a short walk to Leicester Square. Room was a little dated with intermittent signal on the TV. Breakfast was ok with plenty of choice. Would stay again for location and price ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I recommend this hotel,"The hotel is placed in a very convinient area. The staff are all very nice and helpful. The premises cover all the needs ( from restaurants to swimming pool). It's very clean and you can find what you need in the bedroom ( hair dryier, fan, soap...). It has been a great experience.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location was all that was good,The room is the smallest one I've ever stayed in and is in desperate need of updating! The TV was that small it fits on a pull out shelf in the wardrobe. I accidentally left my railcard on the bedside table but it didn't make it's way to lost property - very disappointing!,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fab location, fab price!","This was my second time staying at St Giles and I honestly don't think I would stay anywhere else now!  The location is fab, the facilities at the Hotel are great. Rooms nice and clean and perfect when on a city break.  The restaurant/bar within the Hotel is great, the choice, staff and food are faultless!  I recommend this Hotel to anyone!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Won’t be returning,"We booked this hotel as a package with theatre tickets through superbreaks. Unfortunately superbreaks went in to administration the night before we travelled. The hotel cancelled our booking without telling us and then charged us again but charged double to what we had originally booked at. When we checked into our room the room was dirty. Hairs in the bed, toothpaste around the sink, unhoovered carpets and rubbish in the bin. The hallway was like a prison. We stayed on floor 5 so can’t comment on the other corridors. Awful nights sleep the room was far to hot the air conditioning was so loud and continuously clicked on and off keeping us awake. Lots of noise outside also kept us awake and we got very little sleep. Breakfast was a buffet but was disgusting. I wouldn’t feed it to…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is the small things that stop this being an excellent hotel.,"This hotel is ideally positioned in London being next to Tottenham Court Road tube station so a shame about the little things that spoilt our stay. The beds as usual have mattresses that are too soft, can’t someone tell hotels that firm mattresses are needed to support your back. The duvets had covers that were like curtains that made them far too heavy, neither my husband or I slept much, good job it was only a one night stay. There were extra pillows but so thick that two were too thick and one not enough. The lock on the bathroom didn’t work neither did the plug in the sink, it had no washer. The saucers did not fit the cups so the wobbled on the saucers and the window blind did not work either. A charge of £5 to use the pool I thought was cheeky. Having said that, breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice city centre hotel,Visited this week as part of a theatre break. Nice clean 3 star hotel in an ideal location. Friendly staff. Room a little small but you expect this in most London hotels. Nice buffet breakfast  Will return to this hotel on my next theatre break. ,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Room boiling!,The location is excellent: a few minutes easy walk to Tottenham Court Road Tube and the shops of Oxford Street. Near Dominican theatre and walkable to Palladium theatre. 15 minutes walk to Oxford Circus.   Plenty of places to eat nearby as well as Sainsburys etc.   The downside is the room was like an oven. I had to have the window open all night which was noisy. It was either a quiet boiling night with window closed or noisy night with a slight bit of breeze. I don't understand why the room was so hot as the days were warm but not excessively so. I don't think I'd return if this wasn't sorted but would if it was.   The room was a very small single. It was old and dated. They don't provide things like soap which for the price I think they could provide. They do provide a squirty…,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - definitely be back! ,Never stayed at the hotel before. We were visiting the palace theatre so location was ideal as just a 5 minute walk to the theatre. Close to tube station and the end of Oxford street!  We arrived around 12pm and were able to check in to our room which was great. The room was small but to be honest was enough for how much time you actually spend on it. The beds were slightly too soft but just personal preference. It didn’t effect our sleep and we slept really well. Breakfast had an amazing choice of food available and was fresh.  We loved the hotel and will definitely stay here again! ,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only for a short sleep,"Good- Best location ever. Near Tottenham court station. In front of primark, restaurants and coffee. Walking distance to theater, chine town and more.  Bad- stuff was apathetic, we arrived late night, no help with suitcases or a smile.  3 elevators which for some reason never arrived.. more then once we decided to use the staircase from 9 floor.  Cleaning was the worst! Only stretched the leaning, no vacuums ( the rag was full of hair balls), didnt replaced the cup we use to make coffee or throw the mixing sticks we used.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"Typically small hotel room but it worked out for me for couple of nights when I didn't really spend a lot of time in the room. Hotel is in a very central location close to the British Museum, Tottenham Road tube station, and a number of restaurants and shopping centres. It was busy due to the pride parade. Mostly friendly staff. ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Always nice.....,have stayed a couple of times at St. Giles and i always like it. the hotel needs a maintains but ive heard they they have started that. Look forward for my next stay.  The location is grate and the staff friendly.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed Bag,"First room was so hot and didn’t have air conditioning despite a fortune being paid for the stay, I took unwell while staying and the check in and concierge staff were wonderful and helped me get a room with air conditioning to recover.   The location is amazing for the city and couldn’t be anymore central with excellent connections for tube.  The hotel could benefit from extra lifts and a bigger dining room as it’s so busy and popular with a buffet breakfast.   Once again I can’t thank staff enough for helping I checked out early and was admitted to hospital but the care and effort helped no end.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location","We chose St Giles London for our stay in July '19 (second part of a longer trip.) The City room we booked was quite ample, with a desk area (including a couch) and a big bathroom. It also had two windows (one in the beds area and one in the bathroom) and both could be opened. Unlike other passengers' experience, the air conditioning worked just fine (if a bit noisy) and the toiletries provided were OK. One thing about the bathtub: the walls were high and it was a bit of a climb to get into it. We could do it without a problem, but for an older person (even a healthy one), that could be a challenge. Also, no light over the bathtub, so it was quite dark in there. We had a minor issue with our towels: twice (in a 4-nights stay) we had to ask for extra towels, because we were given…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I keep going back.,"Ok first a few minor problems.We visited during a heat wave in July. The standard   rooms where like a Turkish prison [meaning the temperature]. The rooms do come with fans but they are no good.We could not spend any time in the room , as after every shower you had to go out to try and find somewhere to cool down,The lighting in the room was dim and there where not enough plug sockets.If you are staying on any of the middle floors there is a long wait for the lifts. I have stayed here at least ten times and have never been offered an upgrade.  Now for something more positive.This hotel is a good price and is in a great location. The staff are friendly and helpful , and there is a good choice at breakfast. If you can go for a more expensive room.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Will not return,"This didn't start well when I was checked into a twin room instead of a double. The room was dark compact and hot with no air con and the window only opened a little. Luckily  there was a fan, but I had to have it on all night. The carpet and decor were dated. OK to put your head down for the night, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom functional. Nice touch we're the ice machine near the lifts. I left my phone charger in the room and after 3 phone calls was advised they had it and someone would be calling me to advise postal charge. That was over 2 weeks ago, I'm still waiting. ",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another comfortable stay at St Giles,"We have just had another good stay at The St Giles.  Rooms are small but comfortable and our air con worked perfectly.  Buffet style breakfast is more than adequate with plenty of choice of juices, cereals, hot and cold dishes.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,This hotel has location and a good breakfast little else unfortunately.  Rooms are box rooms toiletries two thirds empty. Air conditioning in the whole hotel out. Therefore we had to keep our window open. Little sleep was had due to the 24 hr party bar next door.  Reception staff rude and lifts very very slow. Nice bar staff and breakfast staff. You pay for location basically and a sainsbury's across the road.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very comfortable beds, room too warm","The beds were very comfortable. The room was small enough, but big in comparison to other hotel rooms in London. The staff were really friendly and helpful.  There is a great 24-hour cafe onsite in the hotel with a wide range of food and drink. The biggest downfall is the lack of air conditioning. If this issue was fixed I would happily stay here again. Also in great proximity to a tube station, shops and restaurants.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A bit dismal....,"Room small but adequate, clean( ish), very hot, no air con, couldn't open window. Only 4 lifts for a big hotel , stairwells are disgraceful. Restaurant not big enough for the hotel. Big queues for breakfast. Pool belongs to YMCA -best thing about it. Should really become a good hostel, rather than a bit of a sad hotel.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Show and stay,"Booked on line for partners 60th birthday. Show was absolutely fantastic. Arrived at the hotel only to be told by the attendant that there was no parking. We had to walk to the car park which was 15 minutes away. The lady on the reception desk thought it was rather funny that we had to walk that far, NOT IMPRESSED at all. When asked for a taxi the man on the concierge desk gave us a slip of paper with a no plate on it and said it was going to be a few minutes, that turned into 15 mins. In the end we flagged one on the main road. The room was very hot and stuffy. When going to have a shower there was a dirty towel left hanging on the door. The room was quite small. Breakfast wasn’t to bad but only scrambled eggs and it wasn’t very hot. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone and…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In the middle of everything,"The location of the hotel is hard to beat! It's right in the middle of central London, only a few steps from Oxford Street. The staff is friendly and professional, though not personal. The rooms are tidy and rather good value for money considering it's in London. Some of the rooms are a bit quaint - e.g. wash basin in the shower - but nothing you can't survive!",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. No frills,"The location of this hotel is the best thing it has going for it. It's so central for theatre land and shopping and reasonably priced compared to others in the area.  My hotel room was quite a let down after the description online. The decor was tired. The Aircon was ancient and didn't work (and there was a heat wave). I got very little sleep. There were hardly any plug sockets. The shower was tiny. The bed area was tiny.  Breakfast was a horrible experience. It was absolutely heaving and noisy. The hot food items looked like they had all been deep fried. The coffee was awful. It was a true greasy spoon, canteen experience. On balance I wouldn't come back. ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful ,Stayed at st Giles hotel plenty of times before very convenient to shops and shows  This was our 30th wedding anniversary  The room was awful plug sockets hanging off the wads plaster missing in the walls generally dirty  Ruined our special trip will not go back again  ,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Deal,"Stayed on a Saturday and Sunday when the city was baking. Literally down the street from the Underground and in a perfect location for those who like a little wander. Room was a little small, but really when travelling alone you just need a place to rest, wash and stash your belongings while you're out. Bathroom was a little claustrophobic but nothing really. Only complaint were when the lifts were crammed with people, but that's not really the hotel's fault.   Would definitely stay again whenever I'm in London.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,AWFUL!,"My stay at this hotel was a total nightmare.   The location of the hotel is a convenient location close to Tottenham Court Road Underground Station. Service at Reception was good although I only dealt with them at Check-in.   To get to the room you had to queue for one of 4 lifts. I was on level 7. You could spend ages waiting for a lift while people who were on say level 2 but too bone idle to climb the stairs hogged the lists. My room was not far from the lifts and you could hear the lift bells going all night  The room itself was clean and tidy, although cramped. The shower had seen better days. The temprature of the room was ridiculously warm. You could attempt to cool the room by opening the window but Tottenham Court Road is noisy all night long (even on the 7th floor) so…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel I’ve ever stayed at- dangerous,"The problems here are myriad- it’s dirty, unkempt and shabby. The double room is minuscule with a bizarre window crammed in the corner that doesn’t even have curtains.  The kettle and cups were coated in dust and grease simultaneously . The bathroom was stained and chipped. The bed was rough and itchy  and had stains and hairs on. I would’ve complained about this if the staff weren’t so incredibly awful, ranging from unresponsive to borderline aggressive. This was compounded by the dangerous mismanagement of a fire alarm. People were left to their own devices while rushing down the dirty old staircase as what staff were in reception snapped at people when asked what was happening, ‘fire alarm’ (no way?!) or skulked in corners. When we were allowed back there was no management or…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,Very good location if you want to visit the west end and oxford street areas for shopping. Hotel in need of an update but very functional and clean. Lots of rooms so breakfast a bit hectic but mostly very well organised by hard working staff,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location ","The location of this hotel is just perfect to explore London. Oxford street is a 2min walk as is Tottenham court road tube station. Soho is about 10min walk away. We arrived around 10am and our room was ready so that was a great bonus. The room itself was quiet dated and extremely small but that didn't bother us as we weren't planning on spending much time in room. The thing that did bother us was the lack of air conditioning in the room. When we opened the door it was like walking into an oven. There was a table fan in a cupboard which helped a little. The bathroom was also very small. The shower door only opened half way because of the shower head. The breakfast was good with very little waiting for a table, there was plenty on offer.  If you don't mind a hotel with dated…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best hotel ever,My favourite hotel in the World. I told my work colleagues in Nottingham to try it and they did. I actually would cancel a trip if I couldn’t get a room. I was in RT 6 on the 13th floor and wow what a view. Did not close my curtains at night ,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I had read very nice reviews about it. But I didn't find what I expected. When I was making the reservation I had written that "" I was bit claustrophobic"" and I demanded a room not looking to the backyard and I also reminded then one week before to my arrival. But I was given a room very dark very small and looking to the backyard and no open window. I could not breathe when I saw it. I came to the reception and reminded my situation. But they were not nice and kept telling me ""you reserved a single room"" yes I didn't deny it. What I didn't want was the darkness of the room. they were not very receptive at the beginning After a long conversation they could hardly understand that ""it was a sickness"" and they have to have considered it. Finally, I was given a room with a bigger…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We have just stay here for a long weekend, and we were really happy with the experience. The hotel is in a great location for shopping, and the Soho night life. There have been several comments about the lifts, but for us on a busy weekend we didnt experience any long delays for lifts... the room was adequate, and clean. Breakfast was plentiful with hot and cold options, loads of space to sit and eat. We loved our weekend and will book to stay here again",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Glad it was 1 night,Ok so as the title suggests we were only here for 1 night. We arrived at 1245 and our room wasn’t ready until after 1400. This was a problem as we were going to BST at Hyde park and needed to be there for 1300. So bags were left at concierge.   We arrived back at hotel at approximately 2315 and received the room key with no hassle.   The rooms are very poor. The bathroom was tiny with a terrible shower and a sink that was full of dents cracks and chips in the bowl and the sink was blocking up too.   The lifts take forever to arrive up to floor 3 and the decor of the hotel isn’t great.   Breakfast was ok though.,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad room,"Stayed over two nights, and not great at all. There are only four lifts from the lobby so you have to wait constantly to get up and down. On arrival we were asked what floor we wanted but at this time wasn't aware of the small amount of lifts available, we also said we would if there was any, quiet and one with a view. So we were offered one on the seventh floor. Thats about as good as the stay got. the room was small and no air conditioning so we had to have the window open (big mistake as way too loud) tiny bathroom with an il working shower that was lower than normal showers so being 6ft 3 it was a disadvantage. We got woke up on the Sunday by the cleaning lady by her banging on the door way before we were due to check out. the view was great, if you like looking at…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Location is fantastic, right in the heart of London. Clean, modern room. Great breakfast. Helpful staff, luggage storage a real bonus. 24 hour cafe below was a pleasant surprise with good reasonably priced food. Street noise during the night a bit of a problem, but hey, you're in central London! Earplugs next time. Really good value for money.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Its all about location,Sublime location for getting around the tourist areas of London. Easy for theatre land (the reason for our stay) and very helpful staff. Arrived early (1200) but were able to check in straight away which was nice although if we hadn't we could have stored our bags with the Concierge. A large busy hotel but apart from some late revelers quite quiet. Good breakfast. For  tourist stay for a few days this hotel is ideal. Booked early through their own web site and got 20% off + breakfast. Only downside was waiting for lifts in the busy times but I am being picky!,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but that's about it,"If this hotel wasn't centrally located, it wouldn't have a lot going for it.  For a tourist wanting to be in the heart of London, it's well situated.  That's about the only good thing I'd say.  It's not cheap either!  I wouldn't have minded so much if it was.  You're paying the price for the location and that's all.  The room was small and dated.  There was a weird window in the corner which you couldn't see out of because of the blinds in the window plus the layout of the building.  Although the bedding seemed clean, overall it felt a bit tired and cheap and grubby.  The flush handle on the loo and the mixer tap in the sink both had stains/water marks so I wasn't really sure how well they'd been cleaned.  In fact, the bathroom was tiny.  You could hardly sit on the loo as the…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Sitting in airport writing this as still fresh in mind. Staying in this hotel with last 12/13 yrs having been recommended by someone else, think we only missed 1 year . The location is by far ideal, your at top of Oxford st, 10 min walk to Covent gardens , Leicester sq and trafalgar 15 walk . Hotel it self is clean and rooms are made each day . Rooms slightly small but with location you will only be sleeping there as there is so much to do . We had to move room this time due to personal reasons and Riaon(not sure how to spell his name was on reception on Wednesday morning) couldn’t have been more helpful he didn’t even ask why just sorted it and we got back that evening and all ok bags in new room . I have recommended this hotel to anyone I know visiting London. Friendly staff…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrific location. Comfortable accomodations.,"The location is convenient, one block to the Underground and easy walking distance to Trafalgar, Leicester, SOHO Squares and West End theatres. We booked an executive room for 10 nights that was roomy and comfortable by London standards. The property is not extravagant, but is a great value. If you want luxury, go to the Ritz or Savoy and pay 10 times more. Yes, the elevators are small and slow, but tolerable. The downstairs restaurant is very good.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Beware!,Pros:-  Good breakfast Location Friendly staff  Cons:-  Tiny room Small window No air con Small bathroom Fecal matter on toilet rim No soap Filthy carpet Shower temperamental  Left a night early because it felt dirty ... I was afraid to take my shoes off,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissatisfied,"Tiny twin room no space, small window in corner when opened could smell all cooking extractors etc nearby. No curtains just blinds so too light. No air con had to balance a fan on luggage rack (whick you then couldn't walk round because of space). Smallest bathroom I have ever had, no fan, no space to dry after shower etc without banging arms on walls! Although fairly clean whole place very jaded and carpets throughout grubby. Stayed 3 nights and keys didn't work each night.  Extremely busy hotel foyer always full but no security check in who going up lifts or stairs. Stairs concrete, dirty and secluded. Positives are very good location, good breakfast if included in booking and staff friendly.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Satisfactory with a few niggles,"Good; location, near tube  Satisfactory: clean, warm Poor; fire alarm test; notice put on lifts on morning of test, not night before, so when you awake and it goes off you think it’s the real thing, I did not use the lift of course, rather the seven flights of stairs, half dressed and in bare feet, passing mouse traps on the bottom two levels. Room keys disfunction when kept beer mobile phone ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Genuinely one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in,"Genuinely one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in, smells of human dissapointment.  The rooms were tiny, the coridors stink, reception was ok. The beds were filthy and smelt of tramps.The carpets were like a chippy floor, the windows may aswell have been open the were that poorly sealed. The noise oh wow... the 24 hours bar, filth. Just an overall 0/10.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK,"Clean, but only one person at the front desk was friendly, helpful.  Waiters in breakfast area not friendly at all.  Had to ask for refills on coffee.  Breakfast was same every day; would be nice to have a change, when you're staying for a week.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overcharged,"My cousin and I stayed in this hotel for two nights in June. Upon check in we each paid half the bill on separate bank cards but before leaving reception realised we had been overcharged by £45 each, we pointed this out to the receptionist who said he ""must have accidentally moved the numbers around"", assured us he had put a refund in place and it would be back on our cards by Monday- this being Saturday. I asked for some sort of receipt that would reflect this, he advised this wasn't possible but to call back in the morning and they might be able to provide something then. Upon going back to reception the next day we explained the situation to the new receptionist who said it was noted on their system and would take two to five working days to go through, not by Monday as we…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Utterly disappointing ,"We booked 2 double rooms and both rooms were tired and in desperate need of rejuvenation. The beds were hard and uncomfortable with popping springs. Our TV did not work and had to be replaced. The shower was weak and took on average 10 minutes to heat up. The overall appearance of both rooms was very dated and could benefit from a deep clean. Although very central and close to a tube station, we will not be staying here ever again. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good ,Arrived for a 2 night stay in London. First time at the St Giles and it is ideally located a very short distance from Tottenham Court Road underground station. Easy check in and allocated a twin bed room on first floor. Very clean and comfortable with everything needed for a short stay.  Breakfast very good and cooked items especially the scrambled eggs excellent. Several in house restaurants available including a 24hour bar/cafe.  The Sage and Chilli restaurant was particularly good with a pre theatre meal deal which we enjoyed at a very reasonable price. Thank you.  Would stay there again without any hesitation.  Negative points if applicable  Transit hotel very busy including breakfast service.  Lifts and WiFi annoyingly slow and difficult sometimes.  Some street noise as…,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better stay !,"Stayed overnight while visiting London. Great location and great value for money, if you just want a bed for the night. Don’t expect any frills - just very basic accommodation at a good price, if you want a room in central London, difficult to find better than this.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Meh,"The good: Location-short walk to Trafalgar, Covent Garden, Piccadilly, etc. Close to tube. Plenty to find to eat and drink close by. Staff-friendly and helpful. The shower.   The bad: The room badly needs upgrading. The hall smelled like old cooking grease constantly. The only release from the heat was a small table fan I almost didn’t find. The towels are awful and may, in fact, have been left from the previous guests as they were hanging on the back of the door, not folded or hung on the towel bar. We couldn’t tell. The bed. The tv. The wireless. I paid because the free wireless was awful and want my money back.   I wouldn’t stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location. Bog standard hotel though.,"This hotel is a perfect location for a holiday to London. Right next to Oxford Street. Round the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Bus stops nearby. The hotel itself is clean and the rooms are done every day. We didn't have breakfast this time we stayed but had it in November and it was fine. We booked through the actual website for the hotel so got a 15% discount, but there were only executive rooms left. Not something we wanted but we chose this hotel for the location. We went ahead and booked anyway, thought we might get a much nicer room. However, it was pretty much the same as the other room, but smaller and with less storage! Nevertheless we will be staying here again I'm sure.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"We loved our rooms at the hotel! We had a bedroom and a sitting area with a private bathroom. The hotel was full of charm and character. The rooms were very clean. Ac and heat were available- we just left the window open at night. We were in the 12th floor with and amazing view and a tiny elevator from floor 11 to 12. The staff were friendly and informative. The stay included a buffet breakfast with eggs, bacon, breads, meats, cheeses, porridge, and more. It was all you can eat and very tasty!  The location was near shops and the underground and just a short walk to Palace Theater for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child! We will be back next year!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, then, not so much","The hotel is located near the West End. Underground station a few steps away. Shops, places to eat. But The St Giles needs an update pronto! It is very busy, and check in can be a slow affair! Then getting to your room at peak hours needs a member of staff directing traffic to the lifts! The rooms, are small and very dated. I think maybe as it is so busy, it has no down time to ""update"" And maybe the location makes it a good option.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pit stop,"Stayed here for 3 nights. Hotel staff very friendly. Rooms are kept very clean. Down side was our window was in the corner of the room on an angle and because of the safety catch, didn’t really get a view of anything apart from the wall, shame really. The bathroom was a little cramped, quite a few time, I hit my elbow in the shower and I am a small person! Room was ok, not the biggest I have stayed in. This hotel is very central to a lot of things. We purchased an Oyster card, but ends up walking to most places, as it is that central. I wouldn’t rate the 24hr restaurant within the hotel though, we waited a good 45 mins for our starter, which came out cold and burnt, then for our main course......I just wouldn’t rate it at all. As I said, this is ok for a pit stop ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location - convenient & good price - 2 night stay,"We needed a central hotel as we were going to be coming back from Wembley but then visiting friends in central London the next day. The room was spacious & everything worked - shower was ok, hot & quite powerful with the only downside here being the size of the towels - they're not very big at all, no real issues - other than the location - we were on the third floor right on the Tottenham Court road above the pedestrian crossing that continuously is used day & night but you have to have the window open as the rooms get very stuffy & the fan is just as noisy. When we arrived a huge party were in front of us, the duty manager ushered us over to a free desk where we checked in & although we were quite early we were able to get into our room. The hotel is a very busy one, not once…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel in London ,Been to this hotel 2 times and will be going back again. The hotel is in such an ideal area just right at Tottenham Court Road station which is ideal for shopping on oxford street and lots of lovely cafes and places to eat near!! The hotel rooms are basic but do you as we weren’t in room much and came with a shower.  I would always recommend to come here to stay.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overall good hotel but a few things you should know,Stayed here June 29- July 2nd. Very busy but in a central location. The manager Sarah and Estelle were fabulous after we had some room issues. The other staff we had contact with weren’t as helpful. THE GYM IS NOT COMPLIMENTARY ANDREW  NOT ALL ROOMS HAVE AC.  If you need those things expect 5 quid a visit to the ymca and make sure you book a room with ac. London’s summers are getting hotter so book with care. Would stay again in winter/fall.,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3 night stay,Efficient and friendly reception. Room dark but clean and practically laid out. Floor was being cleaned at 22.00 hours until I telephoned reception to asked for it too stop! Pleasant staff in both bars. Lift system is a shambles with only one of them coming to reception at a time. Large groups of visitors milling around waiting for them too. Concierge very helpful.,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central hotel,"The location of this hotel is great and given the prices is excellent value. Have stayed here twice - once business and once for a short break. Both times were very good. Rooms are small but perfectly adequate. The beds are comfortable and clean. Booked a City Twin on my second visit and it was great with air con and a fridge with small sitting area. Really couldn't fault it and would have been happy to spend a few days here. Breakfast isn't the greatest with a bit of a limited choice but fine if you like a full English. Location is the great plus as it is close to the British Museum, theaters and a tube station. Within 10 mins walk there are lots of good pubs and restaurants to choose from and a supermarket.It is a very busy cosmopolitan hotel so expect some bustle but once in…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable ,"This hotel is by far in one of the best possible positions for majority of the city.  In the immediate vicinity are shops and restaurants, tube station and situated well for grabbing a taxi  Our room was quite small and had a constant drone from some  of generator or air con. No air con in our room but we did have a fan in there, but perfectly adequate for a few days stay. WiFi is good, great self service breakfast",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location was great,"I loved the location. Walking distance to Oxford street, Trafalgar Square, Chinatown etc... shopping and restaurants were all around. Will definitely recommend this place for travelers. I would not recommend Hudson restaurant though- the service there was awful.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad Experience with management,"I stay at this hotel every week due to business - I like it, I rate it and the staff are all extremely helpful and friendly.  However, i have been prompted to do this review because of a bad experience checking in today.  I had moved my regular booking forward one day this week and had received email confirmation of this change.  However, when trying to check in it was evident that the booking had not been up-dated on the hotel system.  The manager/duty manager quickly stepped in to 'help' but this consisted of forcefully telling me that the hotel was fully booked and there was not a single room available tonight in the hotel.  He insisted that, in order for him to look into the problem, I needed to 'prove' that I had amended the booking. Clearly he was not prepared to even…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located but not clean enough,"I stayed at St Giles twice in June 2019. Advantages - the hotel is located in the centre of London,  3-5 min walk to the Underground. There is a restaurant in the hotel that works 24/7. Disadvantages - rooms are tiny, beds and tables were dirty,  room was smelly, the road before the hotel was being repaired, so it was awfully noisy from 5 a.m. In my opinion, St Giles hotel is too expensive considering its disadvantages.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"Just returned from a one night stay here on business and to be quite honest I was pleasantly surprised.   From start to finish everything was very good, staff were really helpful, the room was a very good size, very clean and comfortable beds.   For the price I paid I would say that this is an absolute bargain of a hotel. 10/15 mins walk to Trafalgar Square and Leicester Square, quiet area with a great bar.   Fully recommend and we will be staying here again either when on business or on a city break. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short London stay,"Good, well priced hotel in a great location.  Staff were friendly and very helpful.  Fantastic to be able to access the amazing gym. Room was small but clean, quiet and comfortable. Good value for money.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Christmas stay,"Nice hotel very central in London, near Oxford street. Our room was a city room which I recommend, with some extra space, typical english breakfast, special good Christmas dinner. Nice and helpfull staff! ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place for the budget-conscious traveller,"At £106 per night for Room Only accommodation, this hotel fills a gap between Travelodge-type and posh end accommodation. The cheap bedroom cabinets betray its price range, but the beds are really comfortable, there's a tea/coffee/kettle tray, an in-room safe and a fan. The service was friendly and efficient.  The hotel has 3 eating places: we used the Sage and Chilli restaurant for a 2 course pre-theatre meal (£10) and Sunday roast buffet (£10) and the VQ cafe for a fry up. All dishes were hot and tasty.  The location of this place is superb: within a 20 minute walk are all the main theatres, the Euston Square tube station for accessing Wembley, and the Kings Cross station for travelling north.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Huge Disappointment ,"I was so disappointed with this property, so much so that being there ruined our 8nt stay. The location is fabulous,  the reception staff are helpful, but it sadly ended there. I've never seen such inadequate lifts in my life.  Firstly they were tiny but we had to wait so long for them every time it just became so frustrating.  The rooms are tiny with hardly any room to move, let alone put  your case,   there's no fridge (which I understand is common in the UK), & in some rooms - no air conditioning. We could open the window to let the hot air & street noise in but this wasn't desirable. Worst thing was the tiny bathroom. The shower head was like a fire hose. You couldn't adjust the velocity of it. Never seen that before.  The breakfast is okay - typical greasy fry up - but a…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very stuffy ,"The location of the hotel is great, the breakfast has great variety. The rooms however are small, cramped and very stuffy. No aircon only a domestic fan that you put on the desk. It wasn’t even hot outside, in fact it rained 50% of our time. I could only begin to imagine these rooms in summer!! Not a fan. - no pun intended! ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money and central,"A clean and smart hotel only 5 min walk from Tottenham Tube station and a 10 min walk from Leicester Square, a perfect location. Our room was clean with plenty of towels and toiletries, a decent size shower and 2 large single beds. Plenty of hangiing space for clothes and lots of drawers. Tea and coffee making facilities and enough room to swing the proverbial cat. Breakfast is buffet style but what an amazing choice, you certainly don`t leave feeling hungry. last but not least the staff were lovely, always willing to help and very courteous. if we are staying in London again this is the hotel we would book.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Untrustworthy Cleaning Staff,"I have stayed at this hotel a a few times but usually pay the premium to have a larger room. On this occasion it was a last minute booking and I booked a regular room for ine night. The room is tiny, must be 9 metres square tops. The ""double"" bed was barely a large single and if you're over 5ft 9in then expect to be hanging out the end! getting to the showing is like navigating an obstacle course, when exiting the shower you could quite possibly end up in the toilet. Hence booking a larger room would be a huge benefit in more ways than one. On this occasion the room was stifling hot, the air-conditioning being non-existent and the TV did not work (not a massive issue for me - but reported all the same for the benefit of the next person that might stay). The main issue here was…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,When we arrived even though it was check in time the room was not ready so we had to wait another 30mins. Room basic and small. Breakfast was included but not the best. Would only stay here again if it was on offer as the location is good.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good,I stay here often when working in London. Location of hotel is fantastic and a short walk from London Euston. Price is very competitive for central London. Rooms are small but clean. I’ve eaten in the restaurant and the food has always been reasonable. My only complaint is the reception checkin staff. The last couple of times I’ve stayed I’ve found them quite rude. The last girl I experienced drummed her fingers on the counter as I completed the check in form (as if to hurry me up) and was quite rude when I asked about dinner. ,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here for 3 nights Fri-Mon. The hotel is in a superb location for Oxford street, theatres and the tube - it's just off the top off oxford street, right round the corner from Tottenham Court Road station & a 5 minute walk from Shaftesbury Avenue.  The hotel itself isn't that appealing to look at from the front. The lobby area was nice, plenty of staff, quick check in. Our room was 258, it wasn't the biggest but I've stayed in smaller - there was plenty of room for the 2 of us & really so long as there's room for you and your stuff then what more could you ask - it is central London after all & you're only sleeping in it! The bathroom was small but nicely decorated. The shower was VERY powerful but to the point of it being a little uncomfortable I felt like I was in a jet…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed Feelings,"I really like this hotel and have had good experiences in the past. Sadly my stay this time was not as good as previous. Check-in was really easy with Jade being really friendly and helpful. We were also lucky enough to be upgraded to executive rooms on the Roof Top. The views were definitely executive but for an ""executive"" room I was expecting more. Having said this the room was clean and comfortable.  My major issue with this stay was the location of my room (RT6). All through the night I experiences a horrific humming at random intervals when the room shook! Took me a while to work out it was not the Air Con unit (which was a blessing as the room would have been extremely hot without it) but a generator/electric room next door! Although I'm not 100% sure what was in the…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible ,Well what can I say about this lovely little hotel near London’s west end?  The answer is nothing very good. From arrival to departure my groups stay was to say the least bad!  On arrival we were greeted by concierge who only told us to put our bags in a corner and go check in (not gonna leave my bags unattended). Reception only made it worse by telling us that one of our rooms had been cancelled and that the hotel was fully booked and there was nothing that they could do for us because it wasn’t their fault. We had confirmed all of our booking 4 days earlier.   We were told to go back to the concierge and call our booking agent and try and sort it out. The concierge only picked up the phone dialed a number and shoved the phone towards us. The guys from the concierge seemed more…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Stayed here for 1 night/ 2 days.  Room was spacious, breakfast was good however we paid a bit extra for the executive deal which I would recommend after seeing the queue for breakfast.  We had a problem with the room which I won't go into but will say it was dealt with very well by Anna and Ernest.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Value and Location,"Hotel DOES have air conditioning despite many reviews saying it does not.  Staff at concierge desk was fabulous--very helpful.  Breakfast okay.  Room had small sitting area between bed area and was an okay size for Europe.  Very convenient to everything, with a Sainsbury supermarket just across the street and tube 1 block away--good value for the money.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Room with a view,"We chose this hotel because it is nice and central, and 5 minutes walk away from the Britsh Museum. We spent three nights here as we wished to visit as many museums as we could in the time. On arrival we were offered a lower floor room, a higher floor room or a room with a view. We chose the view. As expected in a reasonably priced hotel in central London, the rooms are fairly small but  have everything you need. The view consisted of a vista of the rooftops in the locale, but we could see St. Giles church. (What do you expect here). Having checked in we walked around the area looking for places to eat. Strangely the restaurant prices seem fairly universal, even down to the 12.5% service charge. This includes the three restaurants available in the hotel. As we were staying for…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location! ","As the title says, the location of the hotel is price winning! Close to busses that will take you everywhere and the tube is just 100 m away as well. Oxford Street is around the corner as well as regent street an the British museum.   The staff was very friendly, no stress and very helpful with everything from ordering taxi, carrying bags and giving inside tips on what to do, and how to get everywhere, in London.  Small rooms, not excellent cleaning and the breakfast wasn't worth the money. Not if you are used to Scandinavian breakfasts.  But overall, we had a very nice stay and will book this hotel again!  Ps: If you want to take a taxi to the hotell, from and to the airport, ask the staff to order one, it's a lot cheaper then getting one from the street. Also, if you are…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel which i stayed ever,"I stayed a lot of hotels but i have never stayed this kind of bad hotel ever . Rooms are very very small even you can not move when you open your luggage , very old furnished , rude staff and very very bad for money value statement . Dont try ..",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Need ear plugs and an eye mask!,"Really impressed with the location - tube station, pub and a Sainsbury’s Express within steps of the hotel. Also impressed with the facilities in the room. Extra pillows, blanket, fan, hairdryer, toiletries, tea and coffee making facilities.  Room small and with a double bed I think it suits a business traveller. Shower is also small, and you can’t turn it on without getting wet as it has a bi-fold door. Worst thing was the windows didn’t appear to be double-glazed and the traffic noise was so loud all night, and they have blinds not curtains which don’t block the light out. Sleep was difficult.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Noisy Room, Good Location","I have stayed at the St Giles twice in the last few weeks, and once last year. My room last year did have air conditioning and was quiet - I think this must have been sheer luck! It seems like some rooms have been renovated fairly recently while others have not.  The last two times (I have to say, the rooms I stayed in were next to each other, so on arrival the second time I knew I had a noisy room) the rooms were hot and loud. You had to have the window open because it is too warm not to, but the noise from outside was not good if you are a light sleeper like me. Traffic/drunk people in the early hours and a loud humming sound all night meant I didn't sleep well.   On the positives - the rooms were both clean, small but not too small (and I only stayed a couple of nights). The…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic central hotel!,Just back from a one night stay here. We were very impressed with the price considering the location right beside all the major theatres plus the breakfast was superb! Yes the rooms are small but ours was clean and modern with everything we needed for our stay. Staff were friendly and the Hudson restaurant was great value for a 2 course pre theatre meal only £12.95 for 2 courses which were very tasty and well presented. Overall I would recommend highly to friends and will definitely visit again. I mentioned to them before we arrived that we were there for my partners birthday and they had a Happy Birthday banner on the wall for him plus a birthday card-really nice touch guys thank you so much!,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel was perfectly located for us to watch the Harry Potter play at the palace theatre.  The staff were friendly when checking us in and securely storing our luggage.  Breakfast was also good, lots of choice.  Our room was ok, better than basic but just better. The shower was more of a dribble and it was difficult to get wet never mind clean! Our room, 110 needed a damn good clean, the carpet was disgusting.  Overall, this venue is ok for one night but I'd look for something better if I needed several evenings accommodation.     ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London theatre trip,"i have stayed here many times and not had a bad experience, even booking members of my family in for their theatre trips in August. We are back again in September to see Les Miserable with Alfie Boe and really looking forward to it. This hotel is central to everywhere we like to visit",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I have ever stayed,"The only good thing I have to say is bed was very comfortable.  The room itself was like a shoe box, far to small and stuffy with a small window which offered no ventilation whatsoever. I never even used the shower due to it having a deep step up to get into it which is no good when you have mobility issues. Breakfast was average and for what they charge I felt it was very poor selection. Thank goodness it was only a one night stay and will be my one and only stay. ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic, very good location.","Pretty hard to beat the location and price. Has a decent bar and restaurant on the first floor, one block from the tube, walking distance to a ton of attractions, lot of pubs and places to eat in the area. The rooms are small and basic, so if you are a person who prefers luxury it may not be the best choice. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location...that's all,"I have been there 11 years ago..back early June 2019. Hotel became industrial: I mean A LOT of clients with limited space. Very small rooms (even if we do not spent the day in your room), nothing to store your clothes, no electricity plug in near your bed, so shampoo. Room are correct but it is a little 3 stars. Breakfast : impression to be in a cantine with 200 people in small spaces (first time in my life I have to do the queue to go to the breakfast - you even receive a wooden spoon to be used to put on your table, indicating it is ""used""...). Food is correct for a 3 star hotel. Employees (restaurant and room cleaning) are not English fluent and suffer from serving with a smile (especially during breakfast). Nevertheless  the hotel is very well located which explains their…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy. You can find better!,"Hot as hell! No A/C on the room. The noise from the streets were fine. But from the elevators! Pling-plogning all night! And it sounded like they needed some greasing, and we were 5 rooms away in another corridore...",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very nice, centrally located","We stayed at the St Giles for three nights, went out in the country for four nights, and returned to St Giles for two more. Very conveniently located.  Nice coffee shop across the street, and within sight of a grocery store (water, snacks, etc).  Tube a 5 minute walk, very easy to get an Uber. This property would have received 5 stars, but dealing with reservations was a bit of a mess, and the wait for an elevator in the morning was terrible.  Twice we had to walk downstairs, another time we caught an up elevator to eventually go down. Size of room not a concern for us.  Room on first stay was adequate, second stay had an additional small sitting room, so that was nice. We’d stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pretty good for a one night stay! ,"Came down to London to see a west end show and thought this hotel was in a good location as so close to everything. The rooms are small and quite dated but for just a one night sleep, I couldn’t complain! The bar that’s in the hotel is amazing ;selling a variety of drinks). Breakfast is also good although when we arrived all the available tables had not been cleared and relayed! Overall a positive trip and I would stay here again ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Nice hotel. We had a standard rom, but it was. good. The bed was very nice. God service from the helpdesk at the hotel.We will come back. The location of the hotel was super. Just 3-4 minutes walking to the British Museum. Short walk to the Chinese streets. The hotel have everything around. aslo a swimmngpool and a training center. Many nice shops and cafè. Short distance to Big Ben and Trafalgar square.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Visitor ,"An awful hotel. The building is like a factory with rooms full of stains and marks from previous guests, the bathroom sink and shower is clogged, the breakfast is served in a stuffy canteen. I won’t return.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Noisy, Cramped and Hot Rooms","I stayed at this hotel for one night in May 2019 and really can’t say I would recommend it to anyone.  The room was very basic and cramped. There was some sort of ventilation equipment outside my tiny window which produced a loud constant drone day and night. The noise was too loud to have the window open so the room was incredibly hot.   The noise and heat is not conducive with a good night of sleep and rest so I therefore left the hotel feeling exhausted.   The cleanliness at the hotel is also disappointing, we returned to the hotel in the evening to find chips scattered on the floor by the main reception lifts, my colleague mentioned this to a member of staff who wasn’t in the least bit interested.   The generous 2 star review I have awarded only reflects the convenient…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, small, so so","When you go to London and don't want to spend a fortune you get hotels like this one. Small rooms and a breakfast that is just as pragmatic. But then, the location is super-central: Oxford Street, Soho and Covent Garden around the corner.  Plus: The staff is very friendly. So forget the luxury and you'll be ok",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay with my daughter.,"Positives: Location. Staff. We dropped our bags at 11am and we were given the keys to check in immediately. Small fridge in room.   Negatives. Twin beds right next to each other, both with huge duvets dangling on the floor. Lumpy pillows, stench of poor plumbing, broken hairdryer (which I left on the bed hoping that housekeeping would change it), bathroom is falling apart from the ceiling to the shower falling off the walls, watered down shower gel with unworking pump discarded and ignored by staff. On the day of check out housekeeping were banging on the door at 830 asking us to leave. Tap water is warm so impossible to drink, vending machines poorly stocked and not refrigerated.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Smallest room ever,"In all my travels, this was, by far, the smallest hotel room I’ve ever seen and, unfortunately, stayed in. Not surprisingly, the bathroom mirrored the room. While small isn’t necessarily bad, this room was far too cramped for two adults. Staying the with theme, the hotel is also no frills. The only soap in the bathroom is in a dispenser, including in the incredibly tiny shower, and no other amenities are available (lotion, etc.). Too illustrate how small accommodations can inhibit your stay, I didn’t use my curling iron because I had no place to set it down safely. The two stars are earned because of location - easy walk to the British Museum and shopping - and the inclusion of a breakfast buffet. That said, the buffet was poorly organized when busy. On the Friday morning of our…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cheap,cheerful and central","This is our second time here, we last came in 2014. This hotel is perfect for location and very cheap for the area it's in. We could walk everywhere and were at covent garden in 15 mins. The room is small, but you do get what you pay for. I would imagine it would be hot in summer, but there was a fan in the cupboard.  If you want large room, upgrade. We literally wanted somewhere to sleep. Our room was ready early so got in at 1:30 rather than 3. We used the stairs rather than lift as we were only on second floor. If you get there early, they may give you a choice of rooms like they did us. We ate at the vq restaurant and this was hot and tasty. 7;50 for hotel guests, but be aware of service charge. I would deffo stay here again. All members of staff were polite and the man on…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor choice though location good,"Spent one night here in a classic double room and what a mistake we made. The room was very tired and rather old fashioned.The bedding was clean but the TV could have done with a good wipe down. Talk about 'cheapskate' only providing a wooden stick to stir drinks - even a plastic spoon would have been better. Breakfast was like a free for all cattle market. If you are in a hurry don't use the lift, they are pathetic. On the morning of our departure we were disturbed by the cleaner before 0900 who did tap lightly and then walk straight in. Could have been embarassing for one and all. Surely the cleaning staff should liaise with reception to know who has checked out. We had stayed here once before but in an executive room and did have another booking for an executive room in…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central to everything ,We just recently stayed here from 21st may for three nights. Very central easy walk to Train station - Tottenham Court Road. And supermarket across the road which was very handy for little things you needed ie. Extra drinks/snacks etc Staff at the hotel were nice and helpful as we had asked how to get to a particular place as we had booked a tour and they were happy to assist. Only thing I wish they had was a mini fridge in the room so you could put bottles of water in to be cooled. Also be aware that the room is a bit on the small side but you can manage. If you are fussy or can't stand small spaces then this place will not be for you. Pleasant stay and met what we required for a quick stop over in London. Also thank you for the congratulation sign and swan towels much…,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Stayed in a Classic Double room. No.145. Great location, 5 mins walk from Tottenham court rd Tube and the Dominion theatre. Check in was easy. I did the 'deal' offer but did not take my prize as i already made plans. No rope for the window blind so couldnt get any natural light in room. Decent size wardrobe with drawers. Very handy instead of living out of suitcase. The room was quite compact. 1 main light above bed headboard. 2 side lights. Bathroom a tight squeeze, apart from the door, which needs new paint or replacing, it was very smart and clean. Bed very comfortable! The aircon was wonderful!! :) Coffee and tea good but never get enough milk pots.  Tv on wall signal kept cutting out. Maybe poor signal? Walls/decor could do with a coat of paint, as a lot of marks…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"My husband and I stayed 2 nights at this hotel.  We arrived very early in the morning since our plane landed at 5 am.  At the first try the no-very friendly person at the check-in counter sent us away and told us that check-in time was 2 pm.  We decided to get breakfast at the VQ restaurant located at the hotel.  After breakfast we were going to leave our luggage at the concierge station and my husband decided to give the check-in personnel our cell number so they could text us when  the room was ready.  Thankfully the person at the check-in counter, someone different from earlier, told us that the room was ready and we could just go up.  That was a blessing.   The room had a double bed instead of 2 singles and was very small.  We are small people and we struggled.  There was…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel in good location,"Basic hotel, clean basic small rooms with all the essentials.  Basic breakfast range and facilities but value for money for London. Minutes from the Tottenham court road tube stop. Perfect location for sightseeing, westend and shopping, as its at the end of oxford street. Have been here many times and will continue to use as a base when in London to shop and socialise. ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"Stayed here for 2 nights from 9th May. The trip was to celebrate my husband's birthday. My daughter rang the hotel to ask for a bottle of prosecco to be placed in the room for her dads birthday. This was waiting for us in an ice bucket when we got to our room along with a happy birthday banner which we thought was a lovely touch. We had a classic room which, although slightly on the small size,  was spotlessly clean with a really comfortable bed. The bathroom was again spotlessly clean with a good powerful shower. The room was very warm but we just left the window open. Breakfast was buffet style and plentiful and although there was no choice of egg the scrambled egg on offer was delicious, also nice fresh bread rolls and croissants. The staff in the restaurant work so hard, as…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel accessibility,"Our stay lasted 4 nights at the hotel. Being that I have a physical impairment we usually seek a bath instead of a shower and I'm left able to fend for myself. However the bath of our room turned out to be very high and we ended up having to ask for a stool. For health and safety policy reasons this stool couldn't be provided during the whole duration of our stay so instead the hotel provided us with an accessible room on our 3rd day (hotel has 1 in every floor).   Moreover, since corridors are narrow and we used a wheelchair to travel, the cleaning ladies left towels in the way making it difficult to get through. Nonetheless, when I brought this to the attention of reception they immediately took action.   I would like to thank all staff for their action as when we had these…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent budget hotel,"I stayed at the St Giles London for a couple of nights when visiting the city for a conference.  I was also sitting an exam the next day so really needed to have decent nights sleep in preparation for that.  The hotel is very conveniently located very close to Tottenham Court Road Underground station and is easy to find.  Checkin was easy and smooth.  My room was on a lower floor (2xx) but wasn't noisy.  The bed was comfortable and the shower was good.  The room decor was a bit dated but given the price point of the hotel this was to be expected.  The only negatives I will give it are that the TV in the room was awful (small, poor viewing angles) and the lifts were tiny which led to bottlenecking at times (also on my floor one of the lift call buttons did not seem to work).  But…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Take ear plugs with you,"The hotel couldn’t be any closer to Tottenham Court Road underground - the location is superbly convenient.  Breakfast is very good, with all the usual hot items available: bacon, sausages, scrambled eggs and so on. The staff are very efficient and, because the place is so busy, they waiting time between someone leaving a table and someone else occupying it is no longer than 2-3 minutes.  The only downside for me was the quality of the sleep (the lack thereof). I was given a single room on the 1st floor, facing the main road. That was a totally sleepless night - sirens, drunken shouts on the street, cars and trucks etc.   The last photo is that of the hallway - very narrow for the number of rooms on each level, so much so that I could hear other guests speaking (and their other…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,".Have stayed here a few times and recommended to friends and family who have also stayed here however I was very disappointed on this occasion .I emailed beforehand to request an early check in as my daughter had a hospital appointment at 1pm , we had left home at 4am as we were flying from Ireland so she really needed to freshen up. We explained this on arrival and said we didn't mind which room we were given as it was only for one night and we would be at the hospital most of the day. I was told there were no rooms ready so we went and had breakfast and tried again still nothing ready at 11.30 even though we overheard a couple next to us being asked if they would prefer an upper or lower floor and they got keys straight away. My daughter had to freshen up in the public toilet…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good and Affordable,"Great hotel! I wanted something affordable in Bloomsbury, but not a broom closet. The Giles was in my price range because I booked well in advance. My first 2 nights in London were in a small room on the 12th floor. It was nice, perfect for sleeping in affordable comfort. The 3rd non-consecutive night, last night in the UK, I decided to get a nicer room. I was in a rooftop room. Small but very comfortable. Great view of the construction of Tottenham Court Road Station! Away from the noise. The one suggestion for all hotels in international cities: multi-country plugs built in with USB slots, like at the airport. At least one in each room. I forgot my adaptor, and didn’t want to spend £5 for yet another one. I charged my phone in the shaver outlet and then borrowed an adaptor…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don’t bother with the breakfast!,"We have stayed at the St Giles many times over the years on our visits to the city as the location is great, but the last two visits have been disappointing for a couple of reasons.  If we do stay again it will be without the breakfast inclusion.  We were unlucky with the room placement this time.  Avoid room 329 if you want a good nights sleep.  Check in was fine, room 329 was ready for us so we dropped our bags off and went out. Arrived back at around 11pm, absolutely exhausted. A good job really because the noise from the lifts was terrible.  We were tired thought it was a bit late to be asking to change rooms so didn’t rest well at all through the night.  On previous stays we’ve thought that having the breakfast in our room rate was a good idea but I wouldn’t recommend it…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful  hotel,Stayed  here 2 night  with my friend  the room were clean and tidy . The bed was comfortable.  Staff were  very friendly.   Location  is really  good about  a 2 min walk to oxford  street  and closed to the underground.   The breakfast  was really nice  too.  Would recommend  this  place. ,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just good,We've stayed in this hotel for 1 week. The lobby is big mess with a lot of odors coming from the restaurants beside. We could smell it even at the 9th floor. The room was acceptable but can be noisy at some times. The noise comes from outside the hotel even though we've been in the 9th floor! The breakfast was always the same which is a bit annoying since we stayed for 1 week there. The best thing about the hotel is its location. There a metro station near. They offer free wifi connection service.,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"We had two stays at this hotel last August.  We booked the City Double for the first part of our stay.  There was sufficient room, though its proximity on one of the lower floors did make it a bit noisy (vehicular noise, people yelling, construction).  All in all, there really wasn't much to complain about because ultimately it was about the location and what suited our budget - we had five weeks of hotel stays ahead of us.  Our second stay, after a few days on the West Coast UK and Isle of Man we were back at St Giles - this time in the Executive Double.  Worth splashing the extra for a bigger room and a view of London. ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for just the one night,"Upon entering nice lobby area, bit of a maze to get to the rooms the way they’re laid out. Room was clean but decor was awful and felt like a glorified caravan. Bathroom had typical small placed toilet that means you’re squashed against the wall. Shower was hot but the head leaked, door was awkward to get in and out of because of the handle on the glass. Tea/coffee provided and hair dryer, safe etc Wouldn’t stay more than a night maybe 2 at a push but does the job",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,We stayed at St Giles on the weekend of the London marathon. Although we weren’t anything to do with it. We still got accommodation at a reasonable price ( for London). The room was clean. Of a decent size with a good bathroom. Tea making etc. Room very warm couldn’t have Window open cos of noise. Quite usual for the capital. Breakfast was buffet but loads of choice. The bar is a real pub so not usual for a hotel. Swimming pool was separate and subject to separate charge. Ideally located for west end etc. Overall a very nice hotel. Staff helpful receptionist managed to get us early check in. ( no charge).,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and good hotel,St Giles was a very positive experience. Warm welcome. Very good beds. The location is great for stay in London. English breakfast buffet was also tasty. Staff was service minded. Good value for money.,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break and theatre trip,This hotel is excellently situated if you are going to the theatre. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed extremely comfortable. Staff were very helpful throughout our 2 night stay and we had an excellent meal I one of the hotel's restaurants. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I'm torn about recommending this hotel,"When I travel, I consider a hotel as a place to put my stuff whilst I'm going around visiting the city.  Clean and safe are two musts, and everything else is bonus.  For our most recent trip, this was the third hotel we stayed at as we moved from Scotland down to London.  We stayed in London here for seven nights. What I would recommend about this hotel is location, location, location.  Tottenham Court Rd. tube station is less than a block away and it serves two main tube lines.  There is a Boots right across the street and a number of places to eat in or take away in those blocks.  The British Museum is very close and in a quiet residential area.  VQ offers great food on site and the hotel bar is a nice place with great atmosphere.  The staff is awesome and the check in process…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central location, excellent staff","I have stayed at the St.Giles hotel in London a few times now.  The central location, off Tottenham Court Road, makes for easy access to the hotel from the nearby tube station.  The very friendly and helpful staff are however what makes the hotel.  My son has need of a wheelchair and the staff at St.Giles (particularly the concierge team) could not have been more helpful.  The rooms are clean, comfortable and well equipped with our room having facilities for a wheelchair user which was really great.  The hotel also has on site gym, restaurant and bar facilities that make for relaxing in the evening.  Highly recommend the St.Giles for anyone staying or sightseeing in London.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel London 2 May 2019,"Really good stay.  Room was clean, comfortable and well equipped.  Good central location off Tottenham Court Road with a good choice of restaurants in surrounding streets.  Close to Tottenham Court Road underground Station and bus routes.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top hotel!,"I booked this hotel mainly for location and it came up quite cheap for a Friday night stay in London, after reading some reviews I thought would probably be basic and a bed for the night, however at the end of our stay i knew I had made a fantastic choice!  On arrival at 10am I asked if we could leave our bags for the day, this was no problem at all and the reception staff allowed us to fill in the paperwork to save doing it when we checked in later in the day, on arrival at 4pm we were passed our room key all ready for us.  I had booked a twin city room and was surprised how spacious it was with 2 single beds, a separate little area with a sofa and tv and a spacious bathroom with shower gel. We had a little fridge and a safe which was a big plus. The room was very clean and…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent staff,"I stayed at St. Gilles hotel, which is very central and nice simple hotel. But who especially made it a wonderful, home like feel, was the staff at reception, like Alberto and his colleagues, and at the restaurant Sage & Chilli, with the entire staff amongst whom I can remember the names of Bianca and Angela. thank you for one of the most hotel pleasant stays I had in the last few years.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bed Factory,"I have stayed here a few times now whilst away working.  It’s is inexpensive considering the location but that’s about it. I absolutely dread the check in queue and the same at checkout. I stay in a lot of hotels and find it peculiar that it takes so very long to check someone in at this place.  I always seem unlucky enough to get a pokey room with a window tucked away in a corner offering little natural light.  Sleep quality is poor, hot rooms uncomfortable beds.    I have never eaten here in the evening but have had breakfast included in the rate at each visit. Breakfast is consistently poor. Sausage and bacon taste of dirty cooking oil at every visit,    The location if you are a tourist is what appeals. If this hotel had to survive on merit alone it would have shut down…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel or Motel? ,"Starting with the positives: very good location, couldn’t be more convenient. Tottenham Court Road tube station is a minute walk away.   But...  This is not a three star hotel!   The reception area is alright and the staff are as helpful as can be. But no amount of hospitality can make up for the state of this place!   It appears it hasn’t been renovated since it was built, which looks like late 60s, early 70s. The rooms are shabby, with marks all over the doors, and a filthy carpet that doesn’t even fit the floor. The door handles are loose so it’s a waiting game for who is going to get stuck in the bathroom! The bathroom is covered in plastic marble.   The mattress moves as you get in to the bed and the pillows are noticeably old and hard, making for a poor night’s sleep.  …",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Surprised,"I have to be fair, I wasn't looking forward to staying here but I was surprised.  Yes it's not 4 star but the room was big enough (even had double and single) and was pleasant enough.  The restaurant/bar area was lovely and the staff were pleasant.  the location though you seriously cant go wrong as its smack in the middle of everything.  I walked into Leicester Square which took around 15mins.  Tube station about 2 min walk.  The room isn't air conditioned but there is a fan and a night lock window.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Painful,"This hotel is cheap. And well-located. It is impossible to get both in London but St Giles has it. And that is why it can afford to offer rubbish rooms and worse service. I stay 100 nights a year in hotels and never have I had an issue at check-in being forced to pay using the same card that I guaranteed the booking with. 3 of your staff tried convincing me that this was the way all hotels do it. I assured them this was not the case. Finally, there was enough drama for somebody senior to show up and, of course, I was correct...it is a simple administrative function for me to use a different card to pay than the one the booking was guaranteed with.   Room was tiny, heating on full blast, awfully appointed, bed moved when I sat on it. Would not stay again.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,"If you are visiting London as a tourist this is in a perfect location. 1 minute from the tube and Oxford street, 10 mins to Covent Garden and Leicester Square. We paid a little more and I mean a little, and booked an executive suite. We were not disappointed, it was a nice size with a very nice bathroom. For what we paid I thought it was good value. My negative of this hotel is the food. We ordered off the menu but they gave us a meal deal that we never asked for and it was very poor. Same with our breakfast very poor quality.  Having said that, we would definitely stay again, just eat elsewhere ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews, Not usual standard,The good lady and I have stayed here before but found this visit a little disappointing. On arrival in the room we discovered that there were towels missing. We pointed this out at reception on our way out for the evening. When we returned the missing towels had not been replaced. Not what I would have considered an unreasonable request and a job that would take housekeeping minutes. When I came to close the window blind I found that the short pole had become detached from the winder mechanism. It would take the person cleaning the room a matter of seconds to check. Despite these hiccups we have booked this hotel for and August visit as the location is ideal.,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Overall a Well Priced, Clean and Conveniently Located Hotel","Overall a well priced hotel in a great location. I stayed in a twin room (which has a small desk, small bathroom and a tiny ‘wardrobe’ section), which doesn’t provide much room when you have a suitcase and other bags but serves the purpose. There was some stains over the carpet and walls, however the beds and sheets were clean and comfortable. The bathroom was tiny but clean and appeared to be newly refurbished. Check in was quick and easy and the staff were all friendly. The hotel itself is clean, modern and very nice.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, not so good rooms","St Giles Hotel London is located right next to Oxford street which gives you lots of choices of restaurants, pubs and shopping. The hotel rooms were small and looked like they hadn't been upgraded since the '70s. But no complaints about the nice and helping staff of the hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location ,"Visited with 28 guests for a mini show break. Hotel was very central and ideal for exploring London with a tube station up the road. We walked to majority of the sights no problem. Down sides....our coach driver rang ahead to give estimated arrival time yet once in the hotel, we had to wait, what seemed like ages, after spending 5 hours on the coach. The reception staff had to print off details, scan keys etc for each room/guest  This could all have been done in advance n collected keys on arrival. The room was basic. Small and run down. Very hot and stuffy so had to keep window open all night. The building site next door was very loud and the sound from the streets below was constant. So didn't sleep very well. Pleased it was just for 1 night.  Breakfast was buffet type with…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central and clean hotel,"Central London, good breakfast included in price. Friendly and very busy hotel. Rooms are small but functional and clean. Bedding excellent. No air conditioning which could be a problem on warm days. Lifts are OK but a bit slow at peak times. All that said, we would use again.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location location ,"St Giles is in the perfect location to explore London with Tottenham court tube station being 1 minute down the road. The tube took us everywhere easily. The room was perfect and the breakfast was plentiful with the staff organising the queue for breakfast brilliantly, we didn’t wait for more than 5 mins for a table.  What stood out most for for this hotel was the staff, nothing was to much trouble including the waiting on staff at breakfast time. Special thanks to Ernest (night Manager I think) for sorting out a desperately needed extension that was needed for medical equipment. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and we will be returning.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,Excellently located within 3 mins walk of tube. Top end of Oxford street a short walk away. As mentioned in previous posts room was small but suited us fine for what we needed. Arrived around 11.30 to drop bags off but our room was ready so had early check in free of charge. Breakfast was vast and plenty. staff very helpful with concierge keeping bag free of charge all day on check out which saved storage at Euston.Will be booking again ,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok no frills great location ,"Stayed here for the night after visiting London and the hotel is fine, room was ok clean, tidy but a little small. Great location but it was very busy. The only issue we had staying on 6th floor the lifts!!! You could go up and down for 10 mins before getting to the lobby every floor people just couldn’t get in the lift they were a little small, on one occasion it said overweight and would not move and there were only 7 of us in there. It’s a minor issue but some people can’t use the stairs. Breakfast was good hot loads of choice all in all it was ok",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than expected and great location!,"I’ve stayed in this hotel a number of times whilst working in London - largely because of its location, it’s perfect! Easily accessible to a number of different tube lines and so much choice of food in an evening.  The hotel itself is a little dated and the rooms are spacious enough, but basic. Service from the staff has been excellent each time I’ve stayed, but breakfast is a little manic.  I was disappointed to learn that the gym and pool come at an extra cost of £5 per visit, which seems a lot if you wanted to do a morning swim and an evening gym session (which I did). Thankfully the room I was in, a double twin, meant I had enough space to do a mini workout.  Overall I think if you want a fantastic location in the heart of London, and you’re happy with a basic but practical…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location stlll amazing, obviously","Location and price amazing, but on this our second stay, rooms seemed very small. And having to queue for breakfast is not good, no luxuriating over it either ! You can't hang about ! Quality too is not great.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location, great location if you like going to the the theater as i do just 10 mins walk from phoenix theater where i saw a great show had time foe two nice pints of beer in the bar where i got great service very close to tube station had small room as i was on my own but it didnt matter as only sleep in it  had one problem when they made a charge on my credit card without my knowledge or concent did not know they could do this without a pin number also thought it was illegal however they resolved it within a few days ,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but that's about it,"Not much to  say about this hotel.  It cost me £149 for a twin room and value for money was in no way reached.  The location is pretty good but the room is out dated and tired, the bathroom tiny, the shower small and poor and the towels only suitable if you are 4ft tall and wasting away!  The breakfast was decidedly average too. Not terrible but certainly could do with whoever thinks what they offer is good value being taken to an equivalent outside of London to show them how it should be done.  I won't  be coming back to stay here and I strongly advise you to look elsewhere.  In summary. Out dated, poor standard and not much more...avoid this place unless all you care about is the location",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location - do not expect to much,"The hotel is very well located in walking distance to West End Theaters, Oxford Street or Madame Tussauds. A Metro station is around the corner and shops near. The lobby is well. Plan in enough time to wait for the Elevators. The five Elevators are slow and the building has 12 Floors... The room was really very small. Just for spending the night and explore London from sunrise to sunset a good place. Bring houseshoes with you: The carpet is really old… The breakfast was served in a rather cold and crowded hall.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central,"Very central close to all amenities on Oxford street, very clean rooms, very helpful staff. Worth the money a decent size room, clean sheets good breakfast. will definitely stay again in my next visit to London",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Back again - and still awesome!,"Been here 2 times now, the location is perfect - just 2 minutes from oxford street. Its easy to get to the hotel with the bus and the subway. The staff is awesome and friendly. The rooms are nice and have everything that you neef. We will be back for the third visit soon :) ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,jolly good,"excellent position for theatres and oxford street, right next door to a casino and the dominion theatre, good value for money friendly staff and very nice breakfast, great for london, luvey jubley as del would say",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre night in London,"Stayed here 1 night glad it wasn’t longer check in not in my opinion not very professional room on floor 6 very small for a double ,very basic facility’s lift a nightmare took so long understand it’s a big hotel. I have never queued for a breakfast wasn’t a nice experience to be then told the room number was not ours .The person checking numbers told me the number we give was a single room & not in my name but had breakfast which was very nice .Still didn’t find out about the room as to many people checking in & out will not be returning to this hotel .",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location BUT,This Hotel is in a super location that's the good news. Check-in was done by a staff member that lost her smile years ago. The rooms were small and very basic.Very disappointed overall not to be recommended,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay for West end show,Brilliant location first time in London very easy to get to.Rooms are on the small side we had two single beds but in London there is so much to do we weren't in the room long.breakfast was really good and the staff were very good as it was so busy the only downside was the lifts were very slow and one wasn't working but would diffently stay again .,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, below average experience","Location aside, this is a hotel I'd avoid in future. You enter into a grand entrance hall where you are dealt politely with staff but from then on it was below par. The rooms were very small and the bed uncomfortable. The noise in the rooms was loud too (not from outside which can't be helped but from within) including rattling pipes and droning heating/Aircon systems. All of this gave me a poor night's sleep.   The breakfast wasn't particularly impressive either with poor quality ingredients ranging from dry croissants to fatty bacon. ",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All Ready Booked Again,Stayed here with my son when we were in London for the football. I have been looking for another hotel to stay at since the Ibis closed at Euston & I'm glad I found the St Giles. check in was quick & staff friendly the rooms are not the biggest but they were clean the beds were comfy & the shower was good. Asked if it was ok for my son to sit the bar with me while I had a drink this was not a problem at all the staff.  I have already booked this hotel again for my up & coming visits to London,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Posh Reception But Downhill From There Even If Going Up.........,"I stayed here as part of an expensive deal to see Roger Waters at Hyde Park. Not the hotel's fault but not that close!  Anyways, Hotel has a swanky reception, staff are nicely and smartly turned out.       The room...........it was in one of these angly bits sticking out over the street, you could not swing a mouse never mind a cat. I know it's a single but hell, there's small and small. Dated looking, looked like 70's décor which is probably when it was built. It was very clean however, and not knocked about that much - mainly wood so not much chance of paint chips. NO aircon which in a 'modern' hotel built of concrete is a must. It was July, warm, I opened the window, which I understand has to be restricted to foil jumpers but this was not much more than a crack. A small fan…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is good but that's about it...,"Room was very small, terrible noise insulation, mattress very unconfortable, no blackouts just some office style shades that didn't work properly, reception staff very rude, poor quality breakfast. Have to pay extra to use swimming pool, which is shared with YMCA crowd...",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent but busy... ,"Stayed here for work as I was attending a conference in the City. Room was great. Had a small view of the London eye. Room was basic and comfortable. General use hair, body and hand wash as normal for central city hotels.   Beds were good and comfortable. Room included kettle and storage.   Bathroom was clean.  Breakfast was nice, great selection of pastries and hot options. Tea coffee juices available.   Hotel bar was good, pricey but enjoyable. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overall not bad,"Hotel location is good, just 3 mins walk from underground station.  Check in is quick and smooth, especially room is ready when I arrived at 7.  Early check in is arranged without extra cost.  Hotel is big, and with few wings.  Room is small (but expected, as I booked a single room) and bit dated.  Although interior is a bit dated, it is still clean.  Mobile signal is very weak, sometimes I couldn't access data.  I am not too sure if wifi is free of charge.  I've got information that is a paid service when I made booking.  Staff told me it is free...but I didn't use it anyway.  Gym and swimming pool is provided at fees so I didn't use it.  There are only 4-5 small lifts for a big hotel, I think it is not sufficient.  Sometimes, I go down by steps instead because I stayed at…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,lovely weekend visit,"My husband and I have stayed at St Giles before and as it is so convenient we decided to stay again, we stayed from Friday to Sunday and stayed on the 9th floor which had a great view. The room was larger than previous ones that we have stayed in with almost a full size bathroom and was clean and tidy with plenty of towels, tea and coffee, hairdryer, TV and free internet. The hotel was quite busy when we arrived on Friday but we didn't have to wait for our room.  Breakfast the next morning comprises of a buffet style with cereals, fruit, cheese, meat and salad as well as eggs, bacon, sausage, toms,hash brown and toast.When you arrive for breakfast you are given a wooden spoon to put on your table to reserve it while you get your food, a simple effective idea.Staff quickly clear…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Stay,"Booked here as part of a theatre ticket hotel stay so don’t know what we exactly paid for the room but paid £740 for hotel and tickets and tickets had face value of £500  First impression is it is fantastic central location but that is where it ended  First room we where given was on 6th floor and not big enough to swing a cat, but we could deal with that but then we went in to bathroom to find built up grim and shower hanging off the wall   2nd room on 4th floor allot better as it was bigger, cleaner and had a bath but in general this hotel is in a need of severe makeover and modernisation   Breakfast was canteen style with good selection and quality was just ok and had to question along time to get on and off lifts   Best way to describe this hotel is a YMCA for foreign…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Right in the Heart of London,I booked it for its location - you can everywhere from St Giles Hotel - extremely friendly and knoeledg  staff at Reception and Concierge desk.  Rooms small but perfectly adequate and scrupulously clean. I like the sleeping area separated from the sitting room.  Biscuits would be nice!  Communications not always smooth as the restaurants are a different company but it all got sorted.,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nifty Little Hotel & Great Location!,"First impressions were very good. Easy to find from Tottenham Court Road tube station, probably less than a 2 min walk. The lobby is very snazzy with quirky artwork that gives it a chic and unique feel. Staff were very friendly and attentive, checking me in straight away and had a genuinely affable manner. My room was very small but as I was traveling alone and only staying for one night, this wasn't an issue. It's small but has everything needed, tea & coffee facilities (with a decent kettle, hard to come by in hotel rooms!), TV, wardrobe, safe, charging sockets etc. so can't complain there. It is a little dated and could do with a bit of a spruce up. It was a little too warm at times but this was easily remidied by opening the window for a little while. The bathroom was a…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would need serious renovations,"The hotel is really well located, but damn, the rooms seem to date from the 40s, so old, and not in the fancy way. Service was ok, only one elevator was working, my room smelled smoke big time and the mattress was very uncomfortable ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,A very nice hotel with a magnificient breakfast. A perfect location with buses and the underground nearby. Also walkingdistance to British Museum. Very serviceminded staff. Try to get room at the upper levels to avoid a bit of the trafic noise at Tottenham Court Road. The hotel has 11 etages.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Stay,"Check in was quick and polite and friendly, was offered low floor or high floor I went for a high one and was 11th floor the view was great   The room had everything I needed decent shower, nice bed and very clean a little nosey in the day with music from main road caused no issues and was quiet during sleep time   Was more than happy with hotel, location is great supermarket 1 min walk away, tube 2 mins walk away, close to Soho and West End  I didn't sample breakfast but the weatherspoons 3 min walk away so used that instead and cheaper   Over all very pleased with St Giles great price and perfect location with the buzz of London   Would return ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Summary - great location but very dated hotel,"My wife and I stayed here for three nights and while the location is great the hotel most definitely needs improvement.  Pre-arrival - I sent an email asking about the best way to get there several days in advance and never received a response.  Quite disappointing,  but thankfully it was easy to figure out once in London. The Tottenham tube station is very close.   Check In - The check in process was relatively simple and the staff was very professional,  although I wouldn't classify them as friendly.  We did have an error in the room type (not their fault) that they were kind enough to resolve,  but it was very transactional. It wasn't bad, but a smile and a warm welcome go a long way.    Room - The room was very small with the bed taking up 80% of the floor space.  The air…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel in central London,"Very reasonably priced and busy hotel in central London. Walking distance to the theatre district, museum, and Oxford St and tube station is not even a block away so easy access to the rest of London as well. Staff were very nice and ready to help. I would stay here again. ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central hotel, good value for money","The Giles hotel is on the side of the lower end of Oxford Street.  It's position is very central, to the shopping area.  We (a group of 8 people) were efficiently checked in by one receptionist.  The room was small and the bath room even smaller.  But the service was good.  The breakfast was English breakfast, with a spacious two rooms for breakfast.  Ate once at restaurant, and it was good.  The hotel wifi (free) was adequate, even though in the morning it was faster than in the evening.  The TV in the room is small.    Overall, it is worthy to stay at this hotel in central London.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"My single room was small, but clean and comfortable. The bathroom was tiled and spotless, with a decent shower. Television and coffee making equipment provided. Check in is ultra efficient with an army of receptionists.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,Having used the St Giles Hotel several times in the past we had decided to book a two night midweek break for our 27th wedding anniversary. How very disappointing this visit was. The room was scruffy and the bed / mattress was unbelievably uncomfortable resulting in very little sleep. The hair dryer was held together with plasters the television worked intermittently and the whole experience isn't something I care to repeat. A shame as our previous experiences have been good and the location is excellent.,Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"St Giles Hotel is easy to find and in a very accessible area. Check in was quick and easy even though it was busy when we arrived. The room was good and breakfast the next morning was very nice with plenty to choose from. The only things that could of been better is the lifts, there are plenty of them but it takes an awfully long time to arrive,the towels were very small and the blind wouldn't close. However I would stay again and recommend.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for the location,"Hotel is very reasonably priced for the location. The rooms may be small, but they are comfortable and have some good amenities, including in room coffee/tea.  I stayed in a single room for 5 nights and slept well the entire stay. The staff was attentive to any needs that arose. Breakfast was just ok, but there are a couple nice bakeries very close by. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Visit,"Great Location. Close to tube, Oxford Street, Theatre District.  And many other attractions.  Perfect. Rooms are abit dated.  Need of renovation.  Beds small, duvet kept slipping off. Breakfast very tasty though.  staff all very friendly. Would go back if given a different room.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Such a convenient place to stay.,"A stone throw from Tottenham Court Road Station. Short walk to Covent Garden, Soho and China Town. main shopping just around the corner. Who could want more? Well it does have a 24 hour bar area that was lovely to come back to when we were not quite ready to finish our evening. Room was small but comfortable and well appointed. Service was very good. I will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not too bad, great location","Hotel lobby, restaurants and bars are all very nice & modern. The rest of the hotel is pretty dated, and the rooms could really do with an update. Not a fan of the ""ironing rooms"" either. I prefer to iron my clothes in my room and not carry them backwards and forwards across the hotel. Staff were all very friendly.  All in all, very good price for such an excellent location.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"This is our second time we have stayed here. We came back here as it is close to the subway and close to the shops and the theatres. Yes, the rooms are small but they are clean and tidy, plus we were out and about more than in the room, so for us the hotel was good. If you get to breakfast before 8am you beat the rush. We never had to line up and there was a good selection of cooked and continental. If we come back to London, we will stay here again, mainly due to the great location. ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip stay,"Really good position for theatre trips, china town or soho. Needs a bit of a refurb. Not luxurious but not unpleasant surroundings. Breakfast good and plenty to cater for all preferences. This was my second stay.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,gr8 place to stay for theatre or eating out,"we have stayed at the hotel many times and have allways had good service and enjoyed our stays close to all the main london attrctions and shopping,the hotel has a couple of nice restraunts and not to expensive, the rooms are small but still good for a nights sleep also the breakfast is good and plenty to choose from",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient yet underwhelming,"Though the look and feel of this hotel was extremely nice and elegant, nothing could have prepared me for the microscopic size of the hotel rooms.  I stayed at St. Giles while on a spring break trip to England from America.  I understand that not all hotels will have large rooms, but the size of these rooms are absolutely insane.  I felt like I was a mouse trying to live in a crack in the wall.  As stated before, the hotel is pleasing to the eye, but for me that didn't make up for it's size.  With our luggage in the room, I felt like we could barely move around.  The showers were also tough to move around in.  All-in-all, the location almost helped make up for this.  Located right beside a Tube station, it made for easy access to just about anywhere in the city.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"We've been staying at this hotel for many years. It's the perfect base for visiting London with everything within walking distance. The car park under the hotel has now closed but there is another a few minutes walk away in Bloomsbury Square. If you book ahead it's really cheap, £24 for 2 days. The hotel was once again excellent. Rooms are small as people have commented but they have everything you need and the location more than makes up for this. Good selection at breakfast. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Smallest room in the history of the world,"I have stayed in many rooms in Europe and around the world, and know that rooms in hotels here are small. However, nothing prepared me for the hobbit room I was Givien here. I am 6'2"" and 250 lbs, and I can touch both walls of the room standing in the middle. The baby Jesus had more room in his Manger than I have here. Taking a shower in the morning will be an adventure since the shower is smaller than a British phone booth. Besides this, the person at the checking executive desk was surly and dismissive and you had to carry bags up six steps to get to the check in area. I had to leave my room since it was so hot and claustraphobic",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient close to everything ,I stayed at the St Giles London hotel for two nights. It is conveniently close to the nearest underground. 200m.  The hotel was very busy. . The ice machine on our floor Did not work. Ice cups were stacked I. The floor. Not good to see. Cleanliness in the hallway was not up to standard. The rooms were small but for the location and price this is what you will get. Overall not bad but not close to great. ,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad cleaning and small rooms,"This is for sure a budget hotel with small rooms and poor decor. The cleaning from day to day was not good, they didn't even clean the place I spilled some drops of cola. I could see that the filth was old and could easily be handled with a proper cleaning. The duvets was a disaster. It was a constant queue for lifts. The breakfast buffet was ok, but a bit crowded. If you are to spend your time at Oxford street, the location was perfect. Short distanse to the underground too.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cattle class in a hotel!,"If all you need is a bed then this may be ok but otherwise this is a very poor hotel, I was in room 523 which can only just be described as a room! Had I had a cat with me then the ability to swing it would have been lost Add that to the constant queue for lifts and the poor decor this surely a budget hotel dressed up as otherwise There are no curtains just blinds which barely close, this means that as soon as the sun rises you are wide awake and then we have the bun fight that is breakfast....there are definitely far fewer tables than visitors and the only way I could have the breakfast I’d paid for was to sit on a table with strangers, thankfully there is a McDonalds nearby All in all a very poor experience if you plan to spend any time in the hotel,",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Night out to see a show,"Was looking forward to spending a few days in London to see a show with my mum.  Check in by friendly staff and the room was lovely.  However had a very poor nights sleep as there are no curtains on the windows of the room which we booked which meant there was no darkness.  Also for the room we could not get any fresh milk in a jug to make tea they could only supply the small cartons.  When we went for breakfast there was no grapefruit juice or fried eggs and I had to notify the staff that the milk they were serving was stale.  Lovely hotel in a very convenient place for the shows and friendly staff,",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not to bad,We spent our last Christmas time there. Great location next to the underground Tottenham. The hotel is nice and clean. Peoples are there welcome! The guests relation where helpful. Even if we didn’t take his airport transfer proposition ,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel poor location very good,"Stayed here with the wife and part of a West End show package.   The hotel itself was below average in my opinion, clearly 3 star at best. The rooms are old fashioned, no climate control so we just had a plug in radiator. Bed was small and room decor was from the 80’s. TV was also tiny.   That said, the location for the price you pay is very good. Within walking distance of most attractions within the city.   Would I stay here again?? Probably not but compared to other hotel prices in the area it is an option.  ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Hubby and I stayed here for two nights. We booked it as a package through ‘Direct Hotels’ (whom are extremely helpful every step of the way). We purchased Train, Theatre & Hotel deal. Travelled from Lincoln to Kings Cross for approximately £400 for two. We went to see Motown the Musical on the first night (4th March 2019) and the Shaftsbury Theatre was in easy walking distance from the St Giles Hotel. It was very busy when we arrived, it may have appeared chaotic to an on looker, however, the staff were very friendly, helpful and professionally efficient. They were working very hard and were always there to answer any questions and to help you make the most out of your stay. There was a good choice at breakfast time. The restaurants looked good, but we just chose to eat out.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for shopping and musicals ,"St Giles London has been my pick for years whenever I am in London. Mainly because it’s walking distance to Oxford and Regent Street which are the main shopping streets in London. West End Theaters are also within walking distance and getting back to the hotel at night after the musical is not an issue. Tube station is also walking distance.  The hotel rooms, however needs a “refresher” ... it has not been upgraded nor renovated for years. It’s basic and not really an issue to us as we are hardly in the room.  Getting food is easy as there’s a 24 hours cafe connected to the hotel.  Oh yes , we came in early after a long flight and official check in was at 2pm, we arrived the hotel at 9am and desperately needed a shower and rest. The front desk was kind to let us know to come…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location.","Hotel was fine, location perfect, staff friendly and breakfast nice, can be busy like most London hotels I'd imagine.right next to Oxford street, British museum, soho and Covent garden, there are not many places your average person could easily walk to from here.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central hotel,"Lovely hotel, was very busy on arrival but there were plenty of check in staff. Room was nice, lovely bathroom. Excellent location, near to Oxford Street, Covent Garden and The British Museum. The restaurant, VQ within the hotel as lovely, reasonably priced and the staff were very attentive and polite. We had breakfast here too.  One criticism I have is that the price of breakfast was not included in the hotel booking, it was a cheap booking either so I thought it would have been. Having said that the staff on the reception gave us a discount booklet for the restaurants so we ended up getting 25% off the bill anyway. Definitely recommend staying here.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Hotel very well located. 100mts to Oxford Street.  Rooms are reasonable and comfortable.  Net is not good in the rooms, but excellent in the lobby.  Breakfast is reasonable  Price /quality / location very good, considering prices of hotels in London.  I recommend this hotel for those who want to visit central London walking.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Place isnt what it used to be,"Stayed here for the first time since 2016,    This is now the 4th time ive stayed here and each time its gotten worse, i used to think it was great value for money as the location is great, but now i feel there is a lot better out there for better money.  This time myself and my sister treated our mother to a weekend in london so we had a twin room and a single room for myself. The rooms were tiny, the windows only slightly opened but were filthy, the single bed seemed very short .. im 5ft 11 and felt huge in it. The shower is brilliant but u cant turn it on unless u are in it with the door shut, but overall a steady sleep. The hotel room  apart from dirty windows ( outside ) was very clean.  Breakfast... slightly better than when i previosly stayed.. but still not great BUT a…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mrs,"Visited St Giles on the 1st March. Not a good experience.  The pillows had sweat stains on them. None of the pillows had protectors on them.  The mattress cover was stained. The mattress itself was not good quality.  Reported the above to the duty manager in the morning. All she said was, you should have reported it last night. Tried to tell her that I approached a couple of times but the staff were busy on reception. This is why I am reporting it now. She said she could not do anything. On top of this the cleaners tried to get in at 8.30am to clean. The room did not have to be vacated until 11am.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central location!,"St Giles is an average standard hotel with two big advantages: price and location. If you are looking fore a nice place to stay, easy walking distance to Oxford Street, many theyres, shops and restaurants, at a price you can live with, St. Giles is the hotel for you. Yes, we would come back sometime!",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel again ,"This is the second visit to the st Giles hotel London ,but this time I opted for the classic twin room ( room 634) , it is a small sized room but that contains 2 twin single beds that are comfortable with a telephone in the middle and the room temperature is fine but if it gets to warm there’s window that can open but it can be quite noisy at night , also there is a small tv on the wall , there is also tea/coffee making facilities with kettle , and there is also more than adequate wardrobe space .  The well lit bathroom there’s a sink with hand wash gel , a toilet and small shower with body wash provided and 3 towels . I’ve enjoyed my stay once again and if need to stay near Tottenham court station it’s only s few mins up the road ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really small rooms,"Really small rooms, but clean and suficcient for sleeping.  Depends what you are looking for.  Regarding the restaurant, i would go to another place. Uninspired and pre made food.  Would not go back.  Nice staff, and good location.  A lot of nice pub’s and restaurants near by.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,midweek break for shows,"always stay here when we visit London facilities and personal excellent, has a swimming pool and casino. the hotel is well placed for theatres and shops as oxford st opposite.the rates are very resonable",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shoddy service from staff in and out of the hotel ,"Firstly, we were very excited about our stay with St Giles hotel as it had been recommended to us. Unfortunately we were very disappointed with the service of the staff at the hotel. Our original booking was for November and we booked our dates online which was an efficient system and we were very pleased with. However, due to a change in dates of an event we were attending in London, we had to change our original booking. We did this over the phone in October but despite us giving a new set of dates, the person logging the date change booked us in for the wrong dates meaning we turned up a day later than we were booked in for on their system. The staff at the hotel then told us that we had to pay for the previous day as it was a “no show on our behalf”!!!! 😡😤 They not only…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Inexpensive option.,"It is a while since I last stayed here.  Check-in was very efficient. I was upgraded from a City twin to an Executive twin, This gave you a bedroom and a small separate sitting/work area. Not generous in size but perfectly adequate. The rooms were clean and came with tv, fridge, wifi, safe and tea and coffee making facilities. I was on the 12th floor. It was surprisingly quiet and had great views towards the City. As a former YMCA, it is pretty basic but attempts have been made to make it less corporate and more like a hotel. If booked well in advance, probably beats anywhere comparable on price. Great concierge.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Standard of Premier Inn,"Stayed for a night in a classic twin room.... Staff are incredibly friendly, rooms are clean and comfortable and breakfast is of a really high standard with lots of choice and options available (buffet style)! Would definitely recommend!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't go miles to find St Giles!,If you are looking for a really cheap and cheerful place to stay right in the centre of town then look no further. Rooms are basic but have tea and coffee making facilities. Beds however are a bit wobbly so don't sit on the edge! Corridors are reminiscent of an old office building - bare with no carpet but hey! Breakfast was odd. Continental and full English served. Lady gave us a wooden spoon but did not explain why we needed it. She just pointed to the dining room which looked rather small and packed. Please note there is a second room if you go through a short corridor housing the continental breakfast! Hudson's House bar is also good value for money. The cocktail bar tender is worth the trip!,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money,"Stayed here on an overnight trip to see a gig in London. Amazing price for such a great location in the middle of the city. The room was definitely small - I think it would be a little claustrophobic for an extended stay, but for a short trip it's perfect. There were a couple of little issues - an extremely long wait for the lift when checking out, the stairway to reception being blocked (to be clear - not the fire escape, that's a separate stairway and was perfectly accessible). Although the room was clean, there was a stain on the sheets. But on the whole, it was a good place to stay, and I'd be very happy to stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location ,"Easy quick check-in, polite helpful staff. Twin room very comfortable, clean and tidy. Excellent location with easy access to several tube stations. Lots shops and restaurants nearby. Plentiful breakfast. Reasonable price for food and drinks. Great place to stay for 2-3 nights. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed 2 nights in a twin room.  Check in was very quick and efficient.  As previous reviews have stated the room is very compact but clean.  Not much room in the shower and the towels could do with being replaced to bigger ones but this is just a personal choice.  We had room 148 and had very little noise. The hotel is very well located and would recommend for location. Did not have breakfast in hotel but went for the deal one evening in sage and chilli. Fish and chips or burger and chips for £10.  The food was nice but the restaurant only had 2 other tables occupied and we had to wait an hour for food, staff in restaurant were not very pleasant. Overall well located and clean hotel and I would return.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,As with other reviews good location,"We have stayed at the st Giles on a number of occasions and found it to be a good budget hotel within easy reach of the west end Theatre district, On this occasion We stayed for two nights and checked out today Sunday 24th February. on arriving home we unpacked our suitcase and our iPhone charger was not in there and remembered the only place we used it was in the hotel room No10/25, plugged into the top single socket outlet on the right side of the vanity mirror. So I telephoned the hotel and was told to call back in half an hour which I did and to my surprise they said that housekeeping had not found a charger,  I know that the rooms are cleaned quickly but they should have noticed a phone charger left in the room or I’m suspicious that it was taken and not declared to…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Inconsistent ,"I understand that you pay extra for a fridge and bathroom condiments that give the room that “executive” feel but an extra £40-£50 is not worth the bottle of water. The stay was nice and the view from 7th floor was okay but I feel like I’ve paid more for just a standard room with some added bits. Breakfast came with it but it was inconsistent. The bacon was so hard that when I put a fork in it, it turned to dust. The service is none existent, nobody came over to see if we were okay and had everything I need. I asked for an extra sausage which was an extra £2 and my partner asked for avocado of which they brought that and a sauna age together on the same plate, even though the waiter new my partner was vegetarian. I wouldn’t stay again, it’s nice, but not again. ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice clean comfy hotel,"My adult daughter and I slept here for 2 nights in February. We had a twin room which was a little small, but perfectly ok. As we said, we were only sleeping there. It was clean and the beds comfy. The dining area needs to be much much bigger though. We timed it right both mornings and only had to wait 5 mins for a table for breakfast but as we were leaving, there were huge queues. This hotel is massive with loads of floors. The dining area is pitifully small. Also, breakfast could have been better. We were both vegetarian and there were meat sausage, bacon and black pudding. We only had toast, beans, tomatoes and hash brown which for the price we paid for breakfast, was inadequate. I would have liked toast, beans, fried egg, mushrooms, veggie sausage, hash browns and tomatoes.…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Further return visit to St Giles due to Location,"We returned again to St Giles Hotel, purely due to the location. As a location to use as a base and explore the capital, its arguably the best. Totenham Court road tube station is a very short walk away, has lift access to platforms for buggy and wheelchair users, and will get you to wherever you need to go.  Staff were helpful - wheelchair access from street level to reception, and lifts to all floors. Rooms are on the small side, but have everything you need. Bed was clean and comfortable, and bathroom worked for us.  We used to eat in the restaurant, and last time we just booked bed and breakfast, this time we just had the room, as there are plenty of places to eat and a vibrant nightlife in the local. Tea/coffee making facilities in the room.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central location,"St Giles hotel is a large  busy hotel just off Oxford Street. You can walk to the British museum (2mins walk of.you go to the back entrance) 15 mins walk from Leicester Square, and 20 mins walk to the Lyceum which plays the Lion King. For Harry Potter fans you have the Primark Harry Potter store 1 minute walk away and you can get the WarnerBrothers Studios in about an hour, just take the tube from Tottenham Court (1min away) to Euston and get the train to Watford Junction, it's very easy. Location is the main selling point for this hotel. Rooms are small, but clean. The only annoying factor for this hotel are the lifts. We waited upwards of 10 minutes sometimes to call a lift. This is due to the large volume of guests and rooms, and the fact that the lifts are slow. If you are…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good and bad ,"First of all it’s fair to say this hotel is well placed for visiting the tourist areas. Check in was slick and the staff friendly. The rooms are dated and on the small side , however the bed was comfortable and reasonably clean. I was not to far from the lifts and the constant chiming of four lifts arriving and departing was annoying. The breakfast service in the rather tatty restaurant was chaotic , more like a school canteen , though the staff worked hard to find people tables.  Better to skip breakfast in the hotel and go to one of the many nearby eateries. It is a good hotel if your on a tight budget , and the staff are helpful.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small room, but has the essentials.","I had a classic twin room.  This is rather small but is perfectly adequate if you are not going to be spending too long in it.  The room is equipped with a desk, lots of drawers, and a rather short wardrobe.  The shower cubicle in the bathroom is rather small, but the shower was fine.  Overall the room and bathroom have seen better days. The carpet was tired, the fitments in the bathroom were functional but there were missing parts - eg one of the knobs on the shower door. Nothing essential was broken - but it was in need of TLC.  Noise was a bit of a problem.  There was a fan somewhere (not in the room) that stayed on. Water noises were common too.  The window was nicely double-glazed, and had a set of blinds sandwiched between the two panes as the only way of keeping light out…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, perfect location ","Hotel is a lovey place to stay, very clean with pleasant staff. Only let down is you have to pay for the gym/pool £5 per visit. The hotel is very stuffy so you’ll be in for a hot night. Hotel is located near the shops if you’re in need of some retail therapy, only a short walk from Leicester Square etc. Overall a fab hotel in great location.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"This was our second time staying at this hotel for five nights. Check in and out is hassle free, the breakfast is good enough to keep you going all day. The room iwas quite small but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a good size.and the storage space was good. The hotel is clean and the restaurant on the ground floor has great food and service. It is fantastically situated for everything you want to do and see in London and just a one minute walk from the underground.All the theatres are not far away and there is so much to do you will never get bored. You wouldn’t expect a huge room for the price you pay for all the advantages this hotel gives you so don’t expect the Ritz but it is all you want and need for a place to rest your head to recharge for the next day .…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay,"Checked in with no problem at all. Corridors to rooms are marked but is still a bit of a rabbit warren. Room was a classic double. A small window that overlooked Bedford Avenue Found it O.K for one person but would be a  squeeze for 2. Bathroom small but adequately formed. Plenty of hot water. Bath towel was very small (I am not a big person)and would suggest that the hotel consider bath sheets. took a while to work out the heating but worked nicely. Tea and coffee making facilities, In room safe which was easy to use. Stayed here as attending a course there. Meeting rooms nice, lunch a little sameish, Hotel central and close to underground. Saw 2 shows while in town and easily walkable to Leicester square. Plenty of pubs and restaurants as well as fast food places to eat at. …",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,waiting for downgrade refund,"Booked from hotel website prepaid Executive Suite Double Room, when checked in we were downgraded to Deluxe Room (room no 907).  After we complain the manager confirm to refund GBP 50 for the downgrade,  she advise the amount will be credited back to same credit card used for the prepaid payment.   Until today,  after 1.5 months,  have not received the refund.  Have emailed the hotel asking for update,  no response yet.   Still awaiting.  St Giles ?? ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hostel like hotel,"The St. Giles on paper looks great, centrally located and breakfast included.  The breakfast was mediocre and the rooms are the size of a closet.  My room did not have sufficient heat, and was located over the front door of the hotel (very noisy). Prior to check in it I requested an upper floor quiet room, but was not provided with one! Asked if I could be moved, reply was hotel full. ",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"The only thing we missed was a mini fridge to keep some things cool. The room wasn't big but it was enough for 2 people. The window in our room was very small... and if one of us took a shower, the whole room was damp.  The hotel is very close to the city of London if you want to explore that. Breakfast was very good, the only thing I missed was more fresh fruit. The restaurants in the hotel was also very delicous, if you want to eat cheaper, but good you can eat in Sage & Chilli. If money doens't matter you can eat in Hudson House. Both restaurants are very good.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as last time!,"My Mother and I had stayed at this hotel a few years ago and could not wait to return. Unfortunately, this visit was not nearly as good. We arrived and were checked in by a lady that wasn’t very friendly and really looked as though she did not want to be there. We were pleasantly surprised that we had been upgraded to an executive suite. When we entered the suite we found that we had one bed rather than a twin. As the bed was big enough to share we decided to just do that, rather than cause a fuss. That evening, my Mum went to use the shower and the tray looked as though it had not been cleaned; it was full of long dark hair. As it was late and she was about to get into bed, she did not call down to reception; she was too tired.   The next morning we went down for breakfast…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK not sure about windows ,Nice room and comfy too  Not sure about the windows in bathroom that don't have blinds. Poor window cover so lots light let in  Room temperature device tucked away in shelf making it hard to use  Easy check in and top floors very quiet ,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad service at reception,"After I paid, I asked the person  at reception that I need to put my luggage in his hotel for some hours, he was Very arrogant Very rude Very reluctant to help me. Besides, the Badsheet in a Bad condition.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very Central location,"The Hotel was fine. The rooms are on the smallish side, but hey! it's Central London and space is at a premium.  The room was fairly clean, but could have done with a deep clean (edges, windows, bathroom).  The beds were comfortable and the linen great.  The bathroom was very small and the extract fan did not work, very hot and steamy when trying to shave.  The internet did not work, after a call to reception an IT guy came to the room very quickly to sort it out. He could not so he gave us a password so we could use the premium one for free, but that did not work either. He was going to check why the hub near the room was not working, but this was not fixed while we were there. Not a great problem for me as we were not in the room much, but for people from abroad using 4G can…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If you want a good nights sleep don't stay here,"The only nice thing about this hotel is the staff, all very friendly and helpful.  We arrived for 1 nights stay on a Saturday night.  The TV did not work and we had to get maintenance in to fix it.    The room was very small, just enough room to get round the bed.  The room was cold, there was 1 radiator in the room which although you could turn up and down was controlled externally to be on and off and was completely switched off in the morning, we were freezing getting dressed.  The worst thing about staying at this hotel was the noise.  From 10pm all the way through to 6am there was screaming in the streets, drunken people fighting, people screaming for help, the list goes on and on, I think I got 5 mins sleep in total.  NEVER again !",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is second to none if you are in London,"To be fair, the hotel is not a kind of modern hotel or luxury . It is ok in term of facilities or size of the room, even the lift was a bit scary to use.   But, the location of this hotel is superb  and amazing ! I dont think i could find any better one in this range of budget in London . I can walk conveniently to many shops, restaurants and array of entertainment venues .  From here , i can walk to Oxford Road just 5 minutes and to China Town around 15 minutes .  The staffs were very efficient and easy to deal with . I had my rooms on the road side and was a bit noisy , and the Duty Manager helped me to move to quieter room . The bed is also very convenient .   I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy London at its best within the price of around 150 to 250…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"Spent a very good weekend away. Although the room's were fairly small, only being in London for the weekend it was ideal. We used the hotel more as a bed and breakfast, but they did have a restaurant that we used before the show that I had booked. The meals were very good and reasonable.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Servicio Excelente ,I just wanted to highlight the excellent service provided by the receptionist working the evening of January 16th who kindly helped me to get back a forgotten book in the room I left earlier that day. His nice response and treatment are remarkable. Special thanks to him and all the other staff members from housekeeping to security who followed the case and helped me to get my beloved book back. THANK YOU Great location I will certainly be back ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Achieving just two hours sleep made this an unenjoyable stay,"We arrived around 10pm to stay for one night.The room we were given appeared fine, it was small but perfectly adequate.  However, there was poo left up the toilet pan when we arrived, that was not pleasant, and no toilet brush.    The bed was comfortable however the heating did not work in the room it was a panel and it would not turn on despite being left on.  We were cold.  The worst of it all was the loud hum and then whining noise as the industrial sized fans/cooling system outside our window and a few floors below wound up and down all night.  I could cope with some street noise but this was incessant.   I was allowed to check out later the next day and was moved to a seventh floor room (it smelled stale and of old fat) and was still noisy - I gave up.  They reluctantly…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average at best,Booked to stay here for one night as it was 100 yards from the restaurant we were going to in the evening.  Checked in at the desk with a very polite and welcoming lady. She went through the booking and said we had been upgraded which was not asked for so very nice to receive . She said we needed to take one lift to 11th floor then swap to another lift to the 13th floor.  So when we got to the second lift and my wife saw it was 4foot x 1.5 feet in dimensions she was not happy to get in. It said it was for four people but I can only assume they meant 4 x 10 year olds.  We got out of the second lift and found our room. Well we were a little disappointed as the room was so small and I mean a foot of room around the bed and a bathroom. So if this was an upgrade to an executive room…,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central London location,"Budget room had all facilities, warm and comfortable. Restaurants in hotel very good (especially Hudson’s) with discounts if staying there. Shame no on site parking but found one in Bloomsbury place cheap for over night and secure.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The hotel is well-placed for walking in central London. The nearest tube station is Tottenham Court Road, 3 minutes walk, and other public transport can also be found here. The hotel staff are extremely friendly & efficient. The smallish rooms are well appointed, including refreshments and include an ensuite shower, toilet & sink. ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What kind of hotel is this? ,"Gets 1 star because of location. Breakfast was absolutely on a minimum quality wise. And my room had the sink INSIDE the shower. Why? The sink was rendered useless for a few hours after using the shower. Lack of hot water early in the morning, but got better later in the day. Some noise from the traffic outside as the window was not completely shut. ",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great one night stop over,"basic but clean and in a good location,  Rooms and bathrooms quite small but did what we needed it to as was simply a place to lay our head.  Coffee and tea in the room.   Lifts were a bit slow and the stair well is confusing.   Gym doesnt open until 9 on a sunday which is a pity.   Didnt have breakfast there.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"Gotta deal - £86 for room only - great price for London  Great location for getting to just about everywhere in central London Very clean throughout Room and bathroom very small, but had all amenities I needed including safe, hairdryer and tea / coffee making facilities The room was not a place for quality relaxation  Access to YMCA pool is useful, although we didn’t use it Good bar - staff were lovely Personally, I won’t be back as I like my comforts in the room, but would recommend as a very good ‘budget’ type hotel ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very narrow beds, poor breakfast","Location is just perfect, all places of interesting can be reached by foot. Staff also is friendly and helpful. We did not like the bed in the classic room - it was so narrow (!!!) and the room is very small, and if you come to explore the city by foot - you definitely want to sleep comfortably. But the rooms was really clean.  Also breakfast - very poor, only one kind of meat and cheese for making sandwich, and no fresh vegetables at all. Despite the fact that it's a budget hotel - I would definitely come back to it, because of it's location and very for good value for money.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice location - but cold and dirty,"Have been staying at this hotel several times. The location is great, breakfast good - but the rooms are just not up-to-date, filthy and cold. When we checked in we were told that we didn't have a reservation though we could hand in our voucher. Our rooms were not ready till after 4 pm - and though we had asked for rooms with e.i. a double bed / bath tub we didn't get it. The biggest surprise was that the room was dirty - please see pictures. Hopefully St Giles Hotel will improve their standards.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very dirty and terrible brekfast,"Very dirty, brekfast was very poor and not much to have. Rooms are very small and really need to renewal. Beds are okay but nothing to be super happy about. The only thing good about this is the location.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great budget hotel in a fab location,Stayed here in a group of 7 for one night. Very friendly and helpful at reception and bar and in particular the concierge who simply couldn’t do enough for us. Rooms were basic but everything we needed. We had a triple room which was a double and a pull down single in a separate annex. Comfy beds and lovely soft pillows and bedding. Tea making facilities but a few biscuits would have been nice. Breakfast delicious and plentiful. Location was ideal literally 2 min walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Will definitely stay again and recommend ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location fir gear price,"Stayed for one night and used as a base for shopping, theatre and drinks.   2 minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube station   Quick check in   Adequate room which provides the basics but was very dated.  Bar and restaurant looked good and were quite busy   Would stay again based on the price and location alone",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"I expected C+, got closer to D","I have stayed at the St Giles a few times in the past. It was efficient and impersonal, but the location was highly convenient. So after a few years of enjoying other hotels in London, I returned to St Giles for this visit with the hope that with a new wing and free wifi (finally!) they will have changed. There was a change, but not for the better. Yes, I got a room in the new wing. Badly designed and hard to move around in, though surprisingly storage was adequate. But what got me was the bathroom. Black walls, hardly any light (nor the ability to turn on light near the mirror in order to put on makeup). No electricity to plug in a shaver. No hook to hang clothes while taking a shower, no way to have a towel even nearby the shower - unless you put down the toilet seat. The…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Patner treat,"Stayed in this hotel on a theatre break booked by my partner. Firstly let me say that this is a very busy hotel, check in carried out efficiently and quickly, the hotel is ideally located and in walking distance to most theatres and very close to underground stations, the hotel is clean and staff  friendly. Paid for breakfast in the morning and at £17 very good value for money. The only downside was the size of the bedroom you could only just about get round the bed, apart from that a very good reasonably priced hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,over night stay,stayed here for one night  lovely hotel . very busy  lovely and clean .. we was on the 6th floor . just right for us . staff very friendly . and location spot on for the  theatre  .breakfast was  very good .and cooked nicely  service was quick . would defiantly  stay here again ..,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money!,"When we checked in we was upgraded from our original booking which was a nice touch! The staff very pleasant and check in was quick. We was on the 12th floor, took the lift to floor 11 then walked up one flight. Room was comfy, had a view over london, bathroom small but perfectly functional. Didn't hear much noise while we was there and only stayed for 1 night. Check out was up to 11am but randomly at 9.15am a maid knocked on our door and then when we answered she apologised and said she would be back later (would have thought they could have somehow let her know who had check out already and who hadn't, but not really a problem). For what we paid and the brilliant location I would stay here again quite happily! ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for what we wanted ..,"I stayed here for just one night in November 2018 with a girlfriend when we down to go to the London Palladium. The location of the hotel for this couldn't really be better, especially considering the price. We were able to walk from the train station to the hotel very easily, and possibly quicker than if we'd taken a taxi.  Our room was very high up, and we needed to take two lifts to reach it! It was a small room with a teeny tiny bathroom.   Breakfast was included and looked fine. I only had coffee, juice and a croissant, but those I saw eating looked happy enough.  We had no complaints at all, it served its purpose well and my friend and I would like to revisit in February when we are back for another show at the Palladium",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, shame about the hotel though","We stayed here as part of a theatre break, the location is great just around the corner from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube. The hotels itself is a bit dated and very busy. We were in a room on the 12th floor, accessed by 2 lifts, the first to the 11th floor and the second in what appears to be a service lift, very small. The room a twin was very small on a corner. Facilities OK but not great, tiny shower  The breakfast was excellent though, buffet style, there was a very wide choice of food on offer, would we return possibly only for the convenience of location",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, awful hotel","Hotel is in a great area for seeing London’s Covent Garden and theatreland. Right beside Tottenham Court underground £2.40 journey travelling from Paddington, changed at Oxford Circus. 5 minute walk to hotel. Staff and check into hotel great. Classic double rooms aweful. So small that you cannot pass one and another in the room, must be sold to single people. Carpets absolutely filthy, bathroom tiny. Had to be moved at 10.40 pm on first night as we had a continuous very loud whirring noise in room 126 (supposed to be in the quiet area of hotel ) moved to 413 on TCR facing a busy noisy road. Horrendous. Staff helpful but hotel full as I was awilling to pay an upgrade to a KS room, none available. Very disappointing. Emergency sirens all night, people shouting on TCR, and the…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,disappointed,"the hotel is in a great location, very local to shops, restaurants and the tube. the rooms were fairly clean however in the bathroom the mirror was left dirty, it still had toothpaste splashes and also unfortunately the pressure in the shower was too high. we struggled warming up the room as the breeze from the windows/ back of the air con was too much. we asked for a late check out wich was free until 12, which was great. however when it got around 7/6 am it got too noisy, so in the end we didnt even need the late check out as we coudnt get a lay in.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Old, small rooms, shower taps broken , had to call maintenance twice, unfriendly staff on arrival. The same menu for breakfast the 5 days we stayed there, if you love scambled eggs , hah by the bucket full. And the queue to get into breakfast 15 minutes with the line 40 deep. Hotel has pool but every visit cost 5 pounds. gym cost 5 pounds.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location Was Great, Hotel Was Average","Arrived here after an amazing stay at it's sister hotel in New York previously. My expectations I will admit were quite high because of that.. When we arrived check in was very quick but that was it. There are 4 lifts but only two seemed to be working when we were there they were that slow. Our room on the 4th floor was small and compact, very warm at night because of the size. The Layout of the room is poor. There was only 2 double plug sockets in the room and NEITHER beside the bed, There was only one night stand beside the bed. The Television's were very small but did the job. There was tea and coffee making facilities in the room but no bottled water; they did sell it in the bar down stairs but at £3.50 a bottle it was a bit steep. The bathroom was small but the shower was…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two day stay,"The hotel has a Nice location, its near the Subway station which allows for see the city. It has a 24h Restaurant which is also perfect for guests arriving late, which was my case. In this Restaurant it's possible to eat some gastar snacks.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Strange acceptance about having mice in the building.,"On writing this on my journey home from a 2 day trip in London with my girlfriend I can’t wait to get home and shower off the disgust of St Giles hotel. I booked this hotel as part of a deal with tickets for les miserables. At check-in the service was great and was even offered the choice of which room (ground floor or higher up). Having checked the first floor room which was dingy, dark and covers with a stain we decided to check the higher level room which was a fragment better than the first. To be fair we had activities planned throughout the day and night so the room was just for resting our head and we accepted that it wasn’t going to be spectacular. However we didn’t plan for cold showers and maintenance work going on in the hall next which is certainly not ideal. At this…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very convenient location, lovely stay","The St. Giles London Hotel is most conveniently located near the British Museum, theaters, transportation (both tube and buses). You can walk to local shops, bank, small park, etc. The neighborhood is lovely and residential. The hotel itself is fine, not fancy, but clean and the staff is most helpful. The room was small (which is true in many European hotels) but clean and light. The bathroom was recently redone and quite nice. Will definitely stay there again on our next trip to London.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"My family and I stayed at St Giles in December 2018 just before Christmas. The location was perfect for touring & shopping. The hotel is at the corner of Oxford street...the main shopping street & Tottenham Court Rd (which leads to Trafalgar Square...about 10 min walk). You could even walk to the London Eye which we did many times. The hotel itself had everything that we required. The bed was especially comfortable, sheets & towels were clean & the cleaners were really nice. Sainsbury was directly opposite for snacks & cooldrinks, MacDonalds, Burger King & lots of other eating places were right there which my kids loved. The breakfast was exactly what we needed...croissants, eggs, bake beans, grilled tomatoes & hash browns (pork sausages & bacon for those who eat pork), cereals,…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,3 star but great location great service. rooms abit small and some need updating and a bit of tlc but clean and comfortable and great for one night and very good value for centre of London. Stayed twice and both times room ready before check in time. A gem in London if on budget,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"Stayed here for the second time as part of a theatre break. We chose this hotel because of its location, it really is in the perfect place and very close to Tottenham Court Road station. It’s not the prettiest from the outside but don’t let that put you off.  We arrived early (way before check in time) and asked the concierge if we could leave our bag until later so we could head out and then on to the matinee of Wicked. He suggested we try at reception as there may be a room ready- and there was, which was fantastic and really helpful. The receptionist was pleasant and cheerful.  Our twin room was on the 6th floor. It was perfect for our needs. The bathroom was fairly small but clean with plenty of towels. The size of the room itself was fine for us, but we didn’t plan on being…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel for price,We paid just over £70 for a twin room with breakfast so wasn’t expecting anything spectacular but was pleasantly surprised with the hotel.  Rooms are dated but clean so was happy with these.  Breakfast was plentiful and was buffet so you can help yourself to as much as you’d like.  Tottenham Court Road tube was 3 mins walk max and oxford street was about 5 mins away so location was ideal.  I would return to the hotel.   ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent  hotel,good location...good staff...very recommend...will come back. all was very close and the room very clean. The staff was great  and we enjoyed our stay. we will definitely back to this hotel again next visit.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Premier inns are far superior,"We stayed in this hotel as part of a theatre trip package. The location was very good - 5 minutes walk from the tube station. 5 minutes walk  to our theatre so very convenient for us. The young man who checked us in was efficient and pleasant. The rooms were clean and had everything you needed such as hairdryer, tea and coffee facilities, towels, extra bedding however they were small and dingy with poor lighting and it took us a few minutes to find the light switches the first time we entered the rooms. Breakfast continued until 10.30am so we planned a nice lie in however this was denied to us by the fire alarm going off at 8am - not the hotels fault but as we exited (in our pyjamas) down the fire exit stairs and out of a fire exit door to the outside world not a single member…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip,"We stayed at this hotel on Thursday 3rd Jan as part of a package deal with tickets for Harry Potter and the cursed child,  We had three rooms one of which was very smelly and the shower was very average, At 8.am we were awakened by the fire alarm , we made our way down to street level and on arrival at fire exit no member of staff around? We went round to front door of hotel and from what we could see everything was just going as normal so we went in , many staff were milling around ( fire alarm still going off) but no one even acknowledged us till one lady going off duty said , sorry false alarm just go back to your room, this is disgusting  Needless to say we will never be staying here again",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"Had no hesitation about booking at the St Giles having had a good stay before, its very good value for central London, this time we had a pretty spacious twin room on the second floor on the Adeline Place side of hotel, which seemed a bit quieter than the Tott Court Rd side, good size clean bathroom and comfy beds. Had prepaid breakfasts and there was a reasonable choice for us ""dirty hippy"" vegetarians, though mushrooms would have been a welcome addition to breakfast menu, and once again I'm astounded by the amount of food people waste at a buffet breakfast, there was a table of six near us and everyone of them piled their plate high and then left about half of it!!!! Should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves! So St Giles, great location, decent rooms, decent breakfast, good…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is great but that's it,"The outside and even the lobby of this hotel make you think it is going to be much nicer than it is. The staff that checked me in was unenthusiastic at best, and the key you get is on a big old fashioned ring that you can't put in your wallet, or your purse if it is too small We only got one key by the way, which was ok for us but maybe not for everyone.  The room was small which I expected but also old and dingy looking. There were 2 outlets that were horribly placed, one by the window and no where close to the nightstands. The tv was ancient and tiny, I've seen bigger in cruise ship staterooms. The A/C was so loud and cut on and off so much we turned it off and just opened the window.  The bathroom was ok, but the sink filled up so fast and drained so slow it was hard to use.…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is all this has,"Being a London hotel, I wasn't expecting very much from the rooms but even I was disappointed. We had two bookings for this hotel as my partner decided we would not stay in Luton (this was the original plan as we were arriving late) but travel straight down & so booked an extra night. We checked in no problem as they had our booking for that night. (I won’t get into the confusion about the second prepaid booking they told us we hadn’t paid for) They had about 6 elevators (which was good) but they were small & slow. When we got to the very small room we discovered that the double bed was a 4 foot not 4’6”. Now it’s no-one’s fault but my own but I’m not a small lad (not that big either) & there was no way in gods’ given earth we were going to be able to sleep in that bed. I phoned…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theft from room,"We have been staying at St.Giles more than 10 times, but never again. In November we experienced a theft from our room. Several items of jewelry was taken. The items were not on display, they were hidden, so the person had been searching thru our belongings, and the door was locked.We reported this to the front desk once we found out, but were told that they could not do anything before the security expert was on duty (three days later) The security expert called us and said that they would investigate the incident, and that we would be partly or fully compensated for the items stolen. Well, that was a promise that turned out to be a lie! The little information we received was from the police. Most likely a member off the staff that has been in our room, and ""helped themselves""…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Super staff and nice atmosphere ,Stayed 3 nights. Great price for the location.  No problems. This is a hotel with an honest unpretentious atmosphere where the staff are clearly well managed and trained. Plus they are genuinely happy and friendly.  So I am happy. I don’t need much more. The place is clean and efficient with a fantastic location that is easy to get to by bus or tube.   The bar staff really work hard and are super efficient and friendly.  Thanks guys. ,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Dreadful hotel...noisy, chaotic , dirty. Plenty of other lovely places to stay in london but dont stay here","I stayed here for one night after a day at Great Ormond street hospital with my son. I requested a quiet room in advance. On arrival there was a large group of tourists queuing up at reception waiting to check in, and I waited 30 minutes to get checked in. My room was 533...very small with twin beds , the beds were so uncomfortable I had back ache. The bathroom was dirty...stained and dirty taps, toilet flush handle and floor. There was a decent shower . It was so noisy, the room faced the main High road, so everything from screaming and shouting , to sirens and loud music amongst other things throughout the night. Then at 3am there were workmen outside with machines. It was extremely unpleasant. The noise from other hotel guests coming in late , was also heard. I rang reception…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The best location!,"I stayed here in December for a week, and the St Giles provided an adequate experience that couldn’t be beat for the location and price. Not bad if you’re looking for something clean, comfortable, and no frills.   The location is crazy good for public transport (it’s 1 minute from Tottenham Court Rd Station) and theatre in the West End. There’s a Boots and Sainburys opposite for any last minute needs.   The rooms are fairly basic and spartan, but they’re clean, comfortable, and the bathroom was surprisingly decent (given the design of the hotel feels like a cruise ship I expected a shoebox sized bathroom). The bed was large and comfy and I had no issues with noise from the streets below.   Breakfast is complimentary though with the high volume of guests at the hotel I preferred…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value,"This hotel is perfect for anyone after a clean, comfortable yet affordable hotel in central London. Got a deal for my wife and me including a full buyer breakfast for just over £80. Amazing price.we had an evening meal in the hotel incl a bottle of wine for Just over £50.anyone who's been to London will know the prices are amazing. Well located close to regent st and Oxford st, all in walking distance. Room was quite small but clean and all we needed for the money. Some of the chairs in the bar area   were a little tatty and worn but it wasn't a problem. We will be booking this hotel again. Brilliant value for money.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,This hotel is in a great location just behind oxford street and 5 min walk from SoHo. We had a very enjoyable stay due to it being in great proximity to all the attractions and also a tube station.  Our room was small but not the smallest we've stayed in - it was spotlessly clean and had all the facilities we could of wanted.  The bar downstairs is great and we had a few drinks in there - was also buzzing and a great atmosphere.  Would stay again if in London but perhaps book a bigger room.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,"This hotel is a few minutes walk away from Oxford Street and about 5 - 10 minutes from the start of theatre land.  We had booked 2 rooms, one of which was ready at 2pm the other wasn’t.  This wasn’t a problem we dropped the bags and went exploring.  We got back after 5 to be told they couldn’t find our room.. after a few uncomfortable minutes the girl disappeared and came back after about 5 minutes to say there was a maintenance problem in our room and we would have to wait until they checked it.  Eventually got into our rooms which were small and a bit tired but clean.  I would recommend this hotel for short beaks as it is really handy for sights.  There were tea and coffee facilities, I asked for decaf and they had it sent up straight away. There was a free safe in the room…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not for a long stay,"Stayed overnight, though sleep was somewhat difficult as there is a lot of street noise (even 8 floors up) and windows were note a good fit. IN addition, every conversation and step in the corridor could be heard.  Bed v lump and uncomfortable unless slept right in the middle found myself rolling to the edge.  Breakfast poor - dried up and over cooked, piled up and tasteless",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst Room Ever,"Stayed last year and had a lovely room light spacious - this year was given a cupboard (sitting area had one light on one wall - so dismal and very dark, Bedroom you could just about move between wall and bed either side - bedside lights had holes in the shades and really tatty - one bedsit cabinet missing - bathroom so tiny shower you had a job to turn round in and I am slim !!) Whole set up was so dark had to sit in bathroom to do makeup for a xmas party - will not stay ever again - appaling",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Special 30 th anniversary,"Rooms are a aweful state of repairs , breakfast is slop , customer service is non exsistant , they contact you on the complaint , make false promises & never contact you again , this hotel should be rated one star at most",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, fabulous location, room was a bit disappointing","Firstly it’s location is outstanding. Just off Tottenham Court Road, you are right in the middle of Central London with Oxford Street, Soho, Covent Garden all on your doorstep. Staff were extremely friendly and so helpful and really treated guests with such respect, full marks to them. I booked a single room but it was quite small with no air conditioning (London was quite hot that weekend). But you don’t go to London to stay in your hotel room, there is so much to see and do. I didn’t take the breakfast option but you are certainly not short of cafes and restaurants on your doorstep. Importantly it is not hugely expensive for a central London hotel which is a big bonus.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay for theatre trip,"Having read some of the negative reviews about this hotel I wasn't sure what to expect. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Check in was 2pm and our room wasn't ready, however we were told that if we sat in the bar area one of the reception people would bring our keys to us when ready. We had a room on the first floor. The lifts and stairs to get to the upper floors have been badly designed but I'm not sure what the hotel can do to rectify the issue. There are only four lifts which in reality only carry 8 people...not the 12 it states!! The stairway is narrow and very much the back entrance. Our bedroom which was a double classic was tiny but very clean and well looked after. Our room had an electric heater which we could use if required but saying that the room was the perfect…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,תמורה מעולה,"We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. We took an upgraded room. The hotel is very centrally located next to Tottenham Court Tube Station. The room is divided into two cubicles: one is a small double bed (no space) and the other includes a sofa bed. A small refrigerator ,table , a safe and enough room for two large suitcases . Cleanning was good. Very helpful staff.Large lobby ,bar open 24 hours. All around is full of restaurants and shops.we enjoyed . Full value for money.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,Stayed one night as going to theatre to see magic mike. Couldn’t the location perfect walking distance to everywhere and easily found from kings cross. Food at the restaurant above was lovely and for 9.99 great value . Room simple and small but what more do you need. Only complaint was there was a spring sticking out of the mattress!!,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"My hubby had arranged for us to stay here, as we were due to see Bat Out of Hell and we were more than happy with our stay. When we arrived we were given an upgrade to a larger room which was clean and tidy. The staff were warm and friendly. Excellent location 5 minute walk to the theatre and Oxford Street.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location in Town,I stayed at this hotel a number of times but this is the first time that i used a single room. The best thing that this hotel has is the location near Oxford Street and in front of Tottenham Court Station. Single rooms are tiny and hardly enough space to move around. I guess for one night its OK but if you suffer from claustrophobia just dont opt for a single room. Breakfast was ok and reception staff were also efficient.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Business stay for work's party,"Checked in yesterday afternoon at about 3:30 pm, no real queue and was quickly helped by the check in, just had to confirm details.  Up to the room on the third floor, the room was compact with a single bed, ensuite shower and toilet, with a desk and shower.  Noticed some reviews have moaned about the size of the room, but was only using it for sleeping in and not a lot else.  Very close to tottenham court road tube, and so a good access to theatres and clubs, shops etc  Ground floor has a 24 hours opening cafe bar, with a breakfast and dining room upstairs, paid just under £10 for a buffet breakfast, food was good, tasty and filling :)  There seems to be a sports area and pool, but was not aware of it as I had not booked the room.  Was not there for the view, not sure if the…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel London,"Stayed at St Giles London hotel for 10 nights from 6th June to 16th June. Conveniently located near Tottenham Court tube station (but tough lugging your luggage up those stairs cos there was no lift) and the musical theatre, Dominion. Everywhere is within walking distance - a 5minute walk to British Musuem, a 10 to 15minute walk to Chinatown, Covent Garden and a 15minute walk to Trafalgar Square and Oxford Street. The musical theatres are a10minute to 15minute walk too. Lots of cafes and eateries nearby/ round the block. The hotel served typical American breakfast. It would be good if the restaurant varied the menu a little each day though I really didn't mind eating the same thing every day for 10 days.  One night some alarm bell went off in the middle of the night and didn't…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not so good hotel at good location,"This is a mixed review as are impressions: Location - 4 stars very easy to access interesting points in London Rooms - 1,5 weakest link, small, not much room for suitcase, everything crowded. Dirty rugs, curtains. Makes you wanna go out. Breakfast - 3 decent Otherwise elevators take ages. But very good price to endure shortcomings of this hotel",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient place to stay in central London,"Excellent location! Just found the corner from oxford street, perfect for people who go to London for shopping. Rooms are basic but adequate for a short stay. Only downside with the room we stayed in was  was very noisy day and night as the window faced the main street which the hotel is located in. Apart from that it way a very good stay. Staff was very welcoming and friendly. Close to the underground station and bus stations. Definately recommend!",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Night out in London,"Had executive room which had a sitting area with sofa and two chairs. Bed was fabulous extremely comfortable and lovely warm duvet. Towelling robes and slippers were a lovely touch. A very pleasant stay, yes only 3 star but great value for money.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,frances fitzsimons,Lovely clean hotel very handy for shopping and tourist attractions. Staff very friendly especially misha in restaurant. My daughter and I had a lovely week end stay and we will return in future. frances from dublin,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible,"The negative reviews do not do justice to the squalor--The whole place is dingy, the rooms small and it smells. Not only that but it is depressing. It is cheap for a reason. What ever you do find somewhere else",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Business,"Nice hotel, excellent location, in tottenham road court, 3 minutes a walk from the famous road oxford street .  Good service, the breakfast is not so delicious but it’s okay for the price and the location. I recommend it ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You don't need more,"A very good worthy to what you paid. Very central location: next to the tube, Oxford St, shops, restaurants and more. Had the single room and it was great! Hotel was clean, the staff was kind and helpful and I'll definitely be back here again",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awesome location,"Awesome location. Nearby a lot tourist spots. A little negative Point is thé breakfast, we had to wait +15min before we could eat, and that's not something you want to do when you're only 3 days in a city. Also we had to wait really long before we could take the Elevator (we were on the 10th Floor). Beside those two remarks, I would recommend this hotel. Just be patient 😊",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel Great Location,Stayed at the St Giles hotel before a few years ago. The rooms are ageing now but clean the staff in the reception and house keeping were great.This hotel is in a great location in the center of London. The  only real downside to my visit was in the bar the staff gave out the incorrect change every time I got a round of drinks and the errors we're about £10 A time what made it worst was when I queried it the staff just laughed and then handed the correct money over .So would check your change every time if you can not afford going in the bar.,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In desperate need of a make over,"Stayed for one night in the smallest room possible !!! Everything very dated, bathroom very small but the shower did work very well.  Breakfast was ok, not much choice but all edible   I definitely would not return but it is cheap hotel in the centre of things { oxford street and theatre land }",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Attention to detail !,"The positives are the great location, polite helpful staff , and a room in central West End for an excellent price ! ! I’m afraid that’s where it ends,  nothing seems to work ! I checked into my room around 4 pm, the TV didn’t work, I phoned down to reception and they said they would send someone up to sort it, no one came, I phoned down again at 4.30 but no one came. I had to go out at 5 pm, tried to leave my things in the safe - it didn’t work. On my way out told the concierge my TV and safe weren’t working. Returned at 9pm, TV still not working, phoned down to reception and said I wanted to change my room ! They sent three people up, and they managed to retune the TV, it worked for 10 mins then packed up again ! I went out on to the landing to get a bottle of water from the…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"location, location, location","This is a perfect hotel for visiting London if a central location is absolutely a must for you. It is perfectly located in central London for almost everything you need and want to do, within walking distance. However...if high quality comfort is your aim, then you may be disappointed at St. Giles and here's why. It's a huge hotel and the limited public spaces are VERY crowded during 'rush hours' i.e. mornings, early afternoons and evenings. There was a huge queue every morning for entry into the limited-spaces breakfast room. The breakfast itself was satisfactory, although it was a 'vegetables-free' menu! The rooms are small and basic and you could hear everything going on outside the room door. The two rooms I booked for my family stay both had faulty heating which needed…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"I stayed for 6 nights in this well situated hotel, just off Oxford St. I booked a twin room for extra space as I had previously stayed in a single room that was very claustrophobic. The twin room size was more comfortable, but the mattresses are a bit soft for my liking.   There are lots of restaurants, grocery stores, pubs, and shops in the vicinity. It is also in comfortable walking distance to many of the theatres and attractions. Overall, it’s a good hotel choice in a very central location.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and fair price but...,"I guess you can not win it all - great bargain considering the price and location.  On the other hand - Noisy, bad maintanence and worn-out floors' interior. Ordered 2 rooms,, got rooms in different floors with no alternative. Asked for a quiter room, refered to a room with a broken window AND no heat.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Stayed at this hotel over 10 times in trips to London over the years. The staff are always happy to help and the rooms are always clean. They may only be small rooms but it’s the location you stay for and it’s probably the best price for a location in London.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,overnight stay,"This was very disappointing, we wanted an hotel close to the Royal Opera House and thought the St. Giles would be perfect.  How wrong were we? The hotel was grubby, the duvets on the beds, I suspect, were not changed regularly although the sheets were clean. the beds were very uncomfortable and the bars/restaurants connected to the hotel were also dirty with sticky floors. Sadly we will not be staying here again",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second Visit ,"Second time to visit this hotel... even better this visit. The staff are lovely- very helpful. Location wonderful convenient for everywhere. The room was nicer than our first visit- although happy the first time, clean comfortable beds and shower ideal. On departure hotel stored cases so could have stress -free day shopping before going home.. thank you Joso . Recommended for anyone attending London for leisure ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"A little tired in the decor and looking a bit institutional on the room floors but very clean throughout. Small room but very comfortable bed. An efficient and generous, if not sophisticated, breakfast buffet, kept well topped up with fresh cooked hot food. The big advantage is the combination of reasonable price and great location. Easy walking distance to many theatres, galleries, and the British museum. Tottenham Court Road Underground just round the corner. If you’re not looking for luxury but good value and central location then I can recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, poor facility ","I visited St Giles with work - stayed there for just one night. Concierge and reception was nice. Staff were friendly enough and check in didn’t take long even though it was very busy.   However, the room was exceptionally small. I couldn’t really believe how small the room was - I couldn’t lay down anywhere in the room except for the bed, and if I had been able to lay down sideways I would have touched both walls. The shower worked and was hot, and the toilet flushed. The room was quite cold, although the covers on the bed were warm enough.  The design of the building is also really weird - it’s like really narrow corridors in a cross section, with rooms coming off. It basically felt like being on a ship and I could y tell it it was designed like this. But it wasn’t homely -…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for the price,"The location of this hotel is fantastic. Close to the tube station, shops, restaurants and theatres. It's in the centre of London so obviously there is traffic noise. Room was small but clean. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but there are plenty of places to get breakfast nearby. Considering how much hotels in the centre of London can cost, we think this was great value! ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here for one night. Very central location. Small room but had everything you would need. Powerful shower, clean towels, comfy bed. For the price we paid, we were happy. Breakfast was good. Nice selection, hot and decent coffee ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can’t go wrong,"Needed a hotel close to oxford street as we were attending a gig there and didn’t want to have to spend money on taxis. This hotel was in the perfect location with a couple of minutes walk you were on oxford street. Located 2 minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube it’s easily accessible. For the money I wasn’t expecting a lot from central London but I couldn’t complain. We booked a twin room, both beds were comfy, you had tv, kettle with tea and coffee, hairdryer, plenty of storage. There was more room than expected which was a bonus for getting ready.  Check in was fast for a Friday night and all staff we dealt with were great. We had booked bed and breakfast but the queue to get in to breakfast was far too long so we just left as needed to catch a train, that’s the only reason…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is brilliant!!,"Just off of Tottenham court rd, very close to Tottenham court tube stop. Make sure to take the Tottenham court rd exit from the tube, so you will be on the same side as the hotel. It is a very busy hotel. Huge reception area, easy check in, concierge and restaurant on the mezzanine. Several elevators, but they are small, and take a long time to get from floor to floor. So many people staying at this hotel, which means the elevators are always full. We had a twin room, very tiny, cramped with a tiny window (when closed noise was not too bad because it's double panes, but had to keep opening and closing window during the night because it got so hot), a tiny bathroom with a tiny shower with mold, but what can we say? This is London, you pay for the location after all - although…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location  but room,"I wisited this hotel alone. Location is great in center and nearby subway. Walking distance is short to theatre and restaurants. My room was tiny, there was black points on the wall near by window and on toilets floor. Room was very cold, maby 15 degrees. Toilet and shower were tiny.  Bed was good and blanket ok. You sleep one night ok, but longer staying? Breakfast was ok. Some noise can be heard through door and window. Staff was friendly and helpful. Lobby was beautiful and there is ranovation project at hotel.",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again!!!!,"I don't normally do reviews...but then again I never need to..but this HAS to get one. DO NOT COME TO THIS HOTEL. £120 for one night with breakfast, not bad for the location in London but I wouldn't have paid more than £20 if I had seen the place before. Room was awful, small, cramped, tv kept turning off after 5 minutes (gave up in the end) uncomfortable bed, didn't get much sleep, walls extremely thin..heard anything and everything until about 1am. Breakfast was just awful, apparently its normally £10 each?! Not worth that at all in my eyes. Another thing that angered myself and my partner was that in the morning before we made our journey we called the hotel regarding parking and spoke to congiege. Was told if we parked at Bloomsbury Square car park they would stamp our…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, but pretty tired rooms","The St Giles hotel is in a very good location just yards away from Tottenham Court Road Tube and Oxford Street. Check in was simple and staff were helpful , but they wanted the room prepaid.  The rooms are pretty small, shabby and tired. The whole place could do with a make over. Bathroom was small but functioned fine. All in all the hotel is pretty basic, but it is not expensive, and therefore expected to be fairly ordinary. One plus was the bar, where there was a good selection of cocktails, beers and snacks. Service there was friendly and enthusiastic.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not Good,"Very Small twin room , Shower was cold could not have shower  Breakfast was cold only advantage bar was very friendly nice chap Michael . Near Tottenham Court Underground very big hotel 13 floors we had side room and you could not have window open as it was too noisy . Coffee and tea facilities not really enough milk or sugar . I took towels from cleaners trolley as ther was not enough in bathroom . It was cheaper than most hotels in the area",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base For Central London,"This the second time I've stayed in this hotel. Room is kept tidy television was good bathroom quite adequate.The beds were very comfy and cosy. We are use this as a base for a visit to London. Tottenham Court road Underground station is literally round the corner, and you are in within walking distance of Oxford Street. The breakfast is much improved since my last visit. Also plenty of shops cafes and Restaurants just outside the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,“ family weekend in the city “,We had booked 3 rooms for one night only and it was perfect for what we wanted a good location to explore the City. Reception was friendly and helpful on arrival. Easy bag drop and we we’re out all day. We came back and had a light snack early evening in the hotel and the breakfast the following morning was very adequate as well. Ok it needs a bit of TLC but for a one or two night stay we wouldn’t hesitate staying here again. Thanks Jac’,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Big Disappointment,Wish I could say all went well but... Location is good but when all else is weighed in I would  never stay here again. The rooms are very stuffy and small. The hall carpets are dirty and the walls are dingy. It is very noisy and you can hear everything on the street below along with the housekeepers in the hall early in the morning. We took a room on the first floor after reading about the slow elevators but ironically for us that was never a problem even after being moved up to the 10th floor. What did it for us was the fact that we had a rat in our room and finally saw him/her on our last day in London. Thought we had heard something but figured it was the mini fridge. My disappointment was the lack of care after it was reported. I had to call 3x before anyone picked up the…,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Stayed at St Giles as wanted to be close to central London. Great location and only a few mins walk from the tube. Just hope you don't get put on the top floor as for the amount of people staying there the lifts are a nightmare. Also make sure you get to breakfast early as again there was a huge que due to not being able to accommodate so many people. My friend who's birthday it was, was asked to leave breakfast so they could have her table. As we were a group we were disappointed as catching up at breakfast esp on a Sunday morning before we set off for the day. They need to accommodate for the amount of people they have staying in their hotel. Other than that great location. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible Hotel in a Superb Location,"St. Giles London is in a superb location with easy access to shopping, dining, and major tourist sites (Big Ben, London Eye, Tower Bridge, Buckingham Palace, Oxford St, Picadilly Circus, Regent St,, Chinatown).  When I first entered the hotel, I was delighted with the fresh and newly renovated lobby.  Then as I went to take the elevator, I was shocked that the hotel is still using old, low speed, noisy elevator with dirty interior.  The corridor leading to the room was also narrow with dirty carpet, The rooms are really old (as if it has never been renovated or refurbished for the last 20 years): carpets are dirty, paints are falling off the walls and the furniture, the box spring bed was soggy, the toilet and shower were oddly designed.  I have to request for the change of room…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,For the price this is pretty much unbeatable.,"Great location and quality for the price. Rooms can get hot, lifts can be slow at peak times and you may have to queue for breakfast (but they work really hard to reduce that) but overall unbeatable value for such a location. One tip on the gym & pool: check the opening hours (which are on the web) as hotel guests have much more restricted access than actual members.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic central London location,"Second stay for us in St.Giles, primarily due to its superb location just 2 minutes walk from Tottenham Court tube station & Oxford Street.  The staff were welcoming, & the porters store suitcases for later if you arrive too early to check in (equally for when you leave). The rooms are quite small, but for a city centre location it's sometimes to be expected. Room was clean & well maintained, plenty of tea/coffee/biscuits etc... on the tray with a kettle. WiFi in the room was good, different priced rooms obviously have different facilities, but our room had a fridge, hairdryer, iron & ironing board - room price was good, again considering it's so central.  Didn't eat or drink anything in the hotel, although the bar is large & usually busy. Sainsbury's just across the road for…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing location, good ROI","All to all- Will recommend to a friend and will be happy to come back. Rooms are small - took the city room which was ok Shower pressure was very bad, took them a day, but we got another room (hotel was full) Breakfast was fine +. All you can except from typical English Breakfast Location is perfect !",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very poor breakfast,Room are ok. Cheap and cheerful. Friendly staff but feel ripped off over breakfast. To say it’s poor is being kind. £20 for 2 of us to have an inedible cooked breakfast! Sausages overdone bacon underdone hash browns hard beans watery orange juice is cordial  Would not return,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Aside from location (which is great), the whole experience was bad, I'm afraid.","I really don't like giving places poor reviews, but I will when merited. This merits. While check-in was fine, other facets of service were frankly unresponsive, and I didn't go through the lobby without hearing at least two couples complaining about something or other. Cramped room, walls as thin as paper, continuous ambient noise from outside on low floors (due to proximity to Tottenham Court Road). Very slow (or over-packed?) lifts which forced me to use stairs every single time.  All of this suggests high occupancy and an difficulty keeping up with the volume of guests. But that should never be a challenge!  Won't be staying here again.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Located near Soho and Oxford Street, plenty to do within walking distance. Room was clean but felt small and a little dated. The bed was comfortable and had a great night sleep. Took the stairs as it was less hassle then getting the lift.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London,"Nice and clean,friendly hotel staff,a good breakfast plenty to choose from and nice hotel bar,was rather busy for lift use tho,close to theatres and local to the main shopping streets,was given a free upgrade,and would use again,",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,my last visit,"I come every year to this hotel because of the location. The hotel itself it´s ok, but the rooms needs some renovation  . No enough light in the bathroom.  An important issue are the kind of the update  covers,beds,  they are heavy, unconfortable and creates doubts if they are cleaning or not, a change for white edredons should be very welcome!",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No shower,Room fine. Bathroom poor. Took a long time to get hot water for the shower. By the time the water was hot the shower tray was full and overflowing on to the floor. Informed reception that I had been unable to use the shower. They were not bothered by this. Said they’d tell someone. I had to check out it hour a shower.,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Roof top double bedroom 2 day stay,"I have stayed in this hotel a couple times so here’s a review of my last stay.  This hotel is very centrally located with tube, buses, banks, convenience stores etc. all practically at the hotel’s doorsteps. It is a big hotel with loads of guests. Expect some queuing when checking in.  I requested a business type of double room and was proposed a roof top executive double bedroom which I happily accepted. The room was very cozy, nice view (roof top of course), clean and quiet. Although the room and bathroom weren’t super big, they were large enough for me and would definitely suit two persons. Remember that’s London. If you are looking for a Las Vegas type of double bedroom then look elsewhere! Price wise, it was very competitive especially compared to the other hotels in the…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but I wouldn’t stay again!!,"Fantastic local. Room basis, which is fine. But it wasn’t particularly clean!! Carpet was grubby and the dirt in-between the buttons on the tv remote was gross!! We didn’t sleep too well as it was very noisy and we could hear people passing by. We had to sleep with the window open as there wasn’t any ventilation! It is a handy location but I wouldn’t return. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location.",Perfect location near Soho and Oxford street. All you need is within 5 min walk. Bathroom needs renovation. Bed is ok. I would stay here again. There is no extra space in the room. Often waiting time for lifts. ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Very good location, just 2 blocks from Tottenham metro station. Seems hotel is being renovated in some floors, because some of the rooms looked kind of a bit old fashioned. Room ok, tiny spaces. Many people always in the lobby, in restaurants, etc but there were several front desks to help.They kept our luggage for free and in general staff is very nice.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,I have stayed in this hotel on many occasions the first when I ran London marathon it’s friendly staff and nice selection of restaurants along with a very good bar makes it a pleasure to stay. It’s central location is also fantastic for all the main attractions,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"Positives good location, friendly staff. Good sized rooms We had a standard double my daughter and I. close to all the theaters.  Negatives Our room 283 was close to the aircon unites outside so noisy all night.. Only one out of 4 lifts working so long waits",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ADEQUATE BUT NOT STARTLING,"Hotel is perfectly located ,just a two minute walk to OXFORD STREET LEICESTER SQUARE,SOHO,CHINATOWN and theatre land Rooms are very small,but I only used it for sleeping ,so not too fussed about that,cleaned to a high standard every day Breakfast is buffet style But very much take it or leave it I asked for a fried egg and got strange looks from the young foreign lass whose sole purpose was ,it seemed,just to make toast Just a minor inconvenience as the breakfasts were still very good One thing that really annoyed me though was the hotels website says it has a pool What it doesn't say is that the leisure facilities are attached to the hotel,run by an independent company and therefore guests have to PAY £5:00 to use it VERY MISLEADING AND ANNOYING But as I said  There are pros…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location. Lovely breakfast.,"Chose this hotel as it was near to an auction house we were going to. It was an excellent choice as near lots of interesting sites. Museum, Theatres, Oxford St. Rooms a bit small but we did not stay in much so no probs. Nice restaurant and bar.  The breakfast was very nice with a good variety of hot and cold food. Staff very helpfull. Would stay here again for its location.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good weekend,Recently stayed at the st giles. Hotel staff were helpful. Nice bar and a casino is a bonus. Good late night restaurant too. Gtreat location for soho and the theatre district. Only bad thing is the lifts are very slow.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Little Gem,"Just back from a weekend in London to see Bat out of Hell. Stayed for 2 nights in St.Giles hotel as part of a Superbreak deal. Arrived at hotel 12.00 lunchtime and was pleasantly surprised that we could have our room straightaway. Had read reviews before we came so wasn't surprised that the room was a little on the small side. Nevertheless was well appointed (found that the beds were really comfortable). Hudson's bar/restaurant was the icing on the cake,very reasonably priced food and were actually paying less for a glass of wine than we did in west end bars. Service at the bar and in the restaurant was done with a smile and we enjoyed every minute spent there (till 02.30 Saturday night). For the price we payed and the location so close to all the attractions, the restaurant and…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The hotel was in a great location. The cost was fairly high, and the room was tiny. That being said the location is in London and everything was expensive. You get a lot less than hotels in the northern part of England.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We were comfortable.,"5 stars for our first visit (9nights) but only for our room perhaps. 769 is an ""executive suite"" at the very quiet end of floor 7. Nothing special in size nor style. We had a too shallow bath, shower was fine,and a second TV in the bathroom, amazing. Two basic armchairs and coffee table. The blackout curtains looked new. Comfortable bed and hard to set air conditioner, and an opening window. The hotel has little style or color but does a great value job. Our room was kept perfect by housekeepers, towels and bed linen changed daily I thought. (I would say they should set the bathroom up with a second bar of soap from arrival though to save carrying one from basin to bath.) Furniture/storage is open style, no cupboard doors and un shelved bedside tables even, but there are plenty…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, welcoming reception",Had a pleasant stay in a double room. It was actually bigger than expected with a little sitting room. Woohee checked us in and was an absolute pleasure to deal with. We didn't have much interaction with any other staff.  The location is excellent. Some lifts weren't working which meant there were queues and crowds waiting and we sometimes had to wait for a second lift. The bathroom could have done with a vent as it was so small and so close to the bed.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel,"TINY room, no air con, but did have a kettle, tea and cofeee daily. Perfect location to get into all the tourist spots. 6 mins walk from British Museum. Down stairs cafe nice but expensive. Rooms were cleaned nicely . Was surprised we had to pay extra to use the gym or pool. Thought this was unreasonable , so we didn’t use either. The window only opened a tiny bit",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worth the extra,We have often stayed here over the past few years. The location is unparelled and the staff always helpful. The rooms are adequate and quite small but still offer great value for the location. Breakfast is included. We have always thought that the hotel has unfair feedback from guests who expect a four or five star sized room but at a lower price than charged at other hotels in a premium location. On this trip we paid to upgrade to the executive package and the room and view were excellent and included breakfast in the VQ cafe next door accessed through the hotel which is quieter than the buffet in the dining area of the hotel. We will definitely make this our choice in future. Perhaps two single beds put together would give that extra room that a UK king size bed does not…,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay,Stayed here with my wife for a short break. The hotel is in an excellent location for the West end and Covent garden. Have always been reluctant to book this hotel as it looked to big for my liking but will probably stay here again as we enjoyed our stay. Yes it is a busy tourist hotel but our room was clean and tidy and had fantastic views over London. We were in a Rooftop room and I will be asking for one of these again. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The cooked breakfast was a little disappointing. Would recommend this hotel if your looking for a good location and want a slightly cheaper price than Soho hotels.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but average hotel,"The hotel is situated in the heart of Tottenham Court Raod and has access to bars, restaurants and shows. The Hotel is OK but nothing special and for £130 a night, Id expect a little more.  The WIFI is up and down, the lifts take an eternity to arrive (10 mins +) and my TV was broken and it took 90 mins (plus two phone calls) before an engineer was sent to my room. There is access to a gym but its an additional fee and the hotel feels a little tired.  Its OK but nothing special - there are better options around in my opinion.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well impressed,"My self and mum stayed for one night it was a train show and hotel deal.. so pleased I chose this hotel.. only a 3 star but I think it accolades more!! Clean.. rather on the small side room but who cares about the size for one night!! Bed so comfortable and so clean with lovely comfy pillows.. reception staff and consiarge excellent!! Hotel has pool gym if you want that... Situated in West end.. we went for a show had pre show dinner 5-9pm for £9.99 for two courses... Delicious!! We had lasagne and was gorgeous!! Breakfast was in cluded.. we went down 8.15 it was so busy!! But there's plenty of tables.. there's full English but only scrambled eggs or hard boiled and I must confess I like poached or fried, no mushrooms if you like them I am afraid but the bacon sausage fresh…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor bar management,"We've stayed in this hotel several times as it is in a great location. This might have been the last however and purely down to management. we arrived at the bar having been out for the evening. The bar man started to serve us and got the first 2 of 6 drinks ready, as one of our group was calling back to the table to double check the rest of the drinks, the barman said he couldn't serve us as we didn't have the whole order ready and poured the drinks down the sink and moved away. When we called him back to our astonishment he said he had decided not to serve us. We were not drunk or loud, simply 3 couples returning from a meal and show. He later tried to say it was because they were busy, but there was 3 behind the bar and no-one else getting served. We went to the check-in desk…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,really good except for....,"the hotel is really good, with an excelent location, very good breakfast and a very confortable roon,  wich is hard to find in london sometimes The only complain is for the man in charge of the breakfast, who yelled at me and my friends in front of everybody, because my friends didin speak english, but i did, and i understood very well how he treated them like fools,  besides the rest of the staff in breakfast room were not very kind every time we needed for example an spoon, please if the are unhappy with their life is not our fault.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Quick stay for a concert in London.,"Stayed in this great hotel with my daughter for a concert at O2. Hotel is in superb location, just next to Tottenham Court Road tube, Oxford Street and almost everything you can think of.  Got to hotel about 11.30am and got to check-in early which was very nice. Room was quite small, but as we werent going to spend time there, it was more than enough. There was actually 2 small rooms in our room. One had a double bed, and another a bed that was pulled out of the cupboard. And a bathroom. Everything was very nice and clean, only one of the bath towels had a bad smell, like burnt rubber or something, but there were extra ones, so didnt care to complain about that. Room was quiet, and the beds were comfy.   Breakfast included in the price was basic, and both of us would have liked…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located,"The location of this hotel is just outstanding. The staff are very nice as well but it was too bad that there's a big group checking in before us but the front desk did a very good job of pacifying the long queue. We have been traveling around England for a month so we have these 2 medium sized luggage that wouldn't fit in the room that we are in. Nonetheless, the room was clean, they have quite a nice selection for breakfast and great staff that makes up for the tiny room.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can we all just agree that this hotel's location is AMAZING?,"I stayed in St Giles for 7 nights, and I can honestly say that my trip to London was all the more enjoyable for it. The location is absolutely everything - the hotel is right on Oxford street and a minute away from Tottenham Court Road station, and it's so close to all the theatres and Leicester Square and so many dining options. Absolutely perfect for someone who wants to explore every inch of the city without spending too much time walking/on the subway.   The single room I had was perfect! It wasn't big, but it wasn't bump-into-the-walls tiny either. It was just right. The bathroom was clean and the bed was comfy, and the cleaning staff did a good job of maintaining the room too. There was a closet, a dresser, a safe and a TV. Just everything you need for a nice stay.   I…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for the money!,"This hotel is definitely all about location, location, location.  To get this location for the price I’m paying (£75/night) in London is incredible.   Yes, you know that your wardrobe at home is probably going to be bigger than your room, yet I’ve stayed at more expensive hotels a few streets away and their rooms have been minuscule too.   I have a single room, it does the job. Can’t swing a cat, yet this is one of those vintage luxuries - I have a window that opens!  I get allergic reactions to air conditioning so having a wholly unconditioned room with a window you can crack open is wonderful (in the winter).  Possibly less so in the summer heat.   Breakfast is £9.99 if purchased separately. For some reason it seems to be more expensive to prepay...  not sure I understand that…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"I stayed in a regular double room for 4 nights. Their location is great..especially if you are into shopping. Oxford street is just a step away. Tottenham court road station for tube 1 min away. You could walk to Soho for pub hopping. There are lots of restaurants and a supermarket. Their breakfast is i guess English style which is fine but exactly same menu every day.(coffee, tea, milk, bacon, ham, cheese, beans, scramble eggs, boiled eggs, yogurt, prune etc) I felt a room is a bit bigger than average in London. Shower is tiny though. The building is old but no particular issue for me. St. Pancras station 10 min/6.5 euro by uber...a bit over 1 hour to Heathlow airport by tube Piccadilly line.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location,"This was probably the 5th time that we stayed at St Giles. The reason we come back is mainly the location, which makes it possible to walk to many of the sights. There is also very good public transport about 100 meters away with the tube station and bus stops for several destinations. We arrived at Gatwick and took the direct bus 24 that stopped 50 meters away from the hotel entrance. Also good tube communications from Heathrow. The elevator capacity is too low for the number of visitors. British Museum is about 7 minutes away on foot and the National Gallery can also be reached easily on foot or by bus. Like all other hotels in England, there is a need to bring an adapter to use electric appliancies. Why only for shavers in the bathroom? Our room was fairly small and there…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"Spent a week here in October 2018 and thoroughly enjoyed my experience. The location is the real winner for this hotel, just off Tottenham Court Road/Oxford Street and just minutes away from Leicester Sq/British Museum. As it is in a shopping district there's loads of little restaurants, cafes/pubs and Sainsburys right on your doorstep. The hotel itself is not particularly attractive from the outside however inside the hotel is modern with restaurants, bars. The lifts are a bit slow but you just have to be patient as the hotel has 9 floors. The rooms are a bit small but attractive and comfortable with a clean and  modern bathroom. There is a fab gym in the basement with a pool at the bargain cost of £5.  The only downside is the external noise.  I would definitely stay here…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would stay here again for the location,Great location seconds from Tottenham court road station just off Oxford street so cannot get any better. Close to Sainsbury and a pharmacy. Hotel is very clean. Good WiFi. Rooms have a good quality hair blower (not the old ones you usually find in hotels). Cheaper compared to other hotels in the area.  Free ice on the second floor and a vending machine with decent prices for water and snacks.  Rooms not very big so do not expect to have a lot of space. Television the size of a laptop screen. Small bathroom especially the shower and our room had only one light in the bathroom so you basically showered almost in the dark. The size of our bed was smaller than the usual double beds in hotels so we were a bit uncomfortable. There are a lot of rooms so at times the elevators get very…,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful two nights,"My 7 year daughter and I have just finished our two night stay at this hotel and we loved it. Clean, comfortable, modern and very friendly approachable staff. We will be staying here gain in the near future, the location is perfect for experiencing and exploring the sites of London. The breakfast buffet was well catered and clean. Overall this hotel and its staff exceeded my expectations and would recommend.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and worth a stay.,"We spent 3 nights at the St Giles hotel - staff are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble.  Room is clean and to be honest, for the location, worth every penny.  A bit worn and not 5* but to be honest for the location, you can't beat it. Having read some of the reviews from others, we were a bit hesitant before our visit, but having stayed, we cannot fault it.  It literally is a 5 minute walk to Leicester Square (and we don't walk fast!), right on Tottenham Court Road, so 2 minutes, if that, from the Dominion Theatre (Bat out of Hell), 5 minutes from the Shaftsbury (Motown), 5 minutes British Museum and no more than 10 minutes to Covent Garden.  Couldn't be closer.  If you are hesitant based on other reviews, consider the closeness of the hotel to everything.  If you…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Soooo Disappointed!,"I have stayed at this St Giles hotel many times before (see my reviews), but this time I was very disappointed. Previously, I have always had a comfortable room which may not have been large, but was large enough. This time, I was given a broom closet!! There was not enough room to open the luggage rack!!  I did request a change, but was told there was nothing else available. Since I was staying only 2 nights, I decided to deal with it. The breakfast was good BUT there wasn't much organization in the breakfast room. It would have helped to have someone direct people to open areas/tables, instead of having to wander around with a plate of food. I ate dinner one night in the dining room. It was good and the service was good. I'll think twice before staying here again. If the…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,As regards location you won’t get better. Right beside Tottenham Road underground on Oxford Street. Hotel itself not bad. Elevators very small and very slow. Room way too small even though there was only 2 of us. Breakfast was very good with loads on offer. Bar was nice. Staff very friendly. Great value for 4 nights and was checked in straight away at 11:00 when we arrived and did not have to wait until 14:00. Would probably stay again if in London. ,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still excellent area,"We arrived at a busy time and had to que with everyone else we got to the front and was sorted out quickly and efficiently. We then to our room an executive room on the eighth floor. Slightly underwelmed, the outside of the window's were quite dirty but the rooms were clean tidy and well maintained. The dressing gowns and the slipper's in which were only for use at the hotel didn't fit as I have a bit of a belly and size 10/11 feet, if they had asked for sizes it would have been better. The bathroom in general had no ventilation and was rather dark, the toilet was on a raised platform and the shower head was not an adjustable head which would have been better. The main room was functional but not much storage. Small fridge with bottled water, coffee hot chocolate sachets tea…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St. Giles London,well placed for getting around London as the tube station is close to the hotel. The hotel was great really friendly staff and well fitted rooms. The food was very good and the pre theatre meal ws excellent value. Would recommend this hotel,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location , decent value","Well positioned for getting around the city , right beside the Tube or an easy walk from a lot of the central attractions . Clean and tidy , but quite noisy , air conditioning in room not great which meant leaving windows open which exacerbated the noise .  Nice bar on site with decent food , well priced by central London standards  Very helpful staff",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"This was the second time we have stayed at St Giles, London and were truly disappointed this time. Apart from the good location near tube stations and the theatre district this hotel is very poor. The rooms are tiny and were dusty, our shower head was broken and we had a stained duvet cover. We had breakfast included this time which was buffet style in the restaurant, however was a disappointment, with poor standards of food quality and poor service, please train your waiting staff on the basics of food service and clearing! We won’t be returning.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"It's not difficult to understand where this hotel put its prioritys. It's location! - the only reason for my 2 star rating as it's right on the end of Oxford Street, and easy access to the tube and bus.  We're still not quite sure if we got the double room we booked, as the room was so small,and the bed was made for one. 2+2 pillows tho!!  We had to ask for ekstra covers and towels on our first day there. Besides that, the bathroom drains smelled like sewage, and it only got worse during our stay.   On to the breakfast. We booked our room without breakfast included, but decided to give it a try one morning.  Approx. £10 each. Imagine paying nearly £10 for plastic tasting food! Awful!   Could write a short story about our stay here, but I think I got the most important part of…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy but affordable for location ,"The positives: helpful staff, good location, clean, and reasonable price for London.   The negatives: very noisy, impersonal and little attention to detail. TV remote not working, no BBC 1, weak shower, poor communication between restaurant, reservations and reception. I got the sense that they would not help each other.   To be expected in London: tiny room. Almost stepped into toilet from the shower. Poor value for money.   Overall: ok",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hmmmm,"We have been here before. We asked for a nice room & were put in a ""quiet room"" clearly it was one to accommodate disabled visitors (nothing wrong with that ), but I think anyone in a wheel chair would have had great difficulty with the access. The Bathroom was in fact a wet room mainly because the shower head leaked in all directions and quickly flooded the room, it looked as if this had been a problem for a while as the carpet outside was grotty & perished ! When we complained we were quickly moved to a different room,a ""large one"" we were told....not actually very room, but at least the floor was dry. The Lifts are very slow unfortunately. Breakfast is good & the location is excellent, of course. Staff are helpful & friendly, we asked for a taxi to be called & the concierge…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,hotel review,This hotel is located centrally and very convenient for London attractions.  The staff are very friendly and helpful but the hotel is a bit dowdy and worn at the edges.  I use a wheelchair and the lift from the main entrance to the reception (and lifts to the rooms) was out of action the whole time for our visit which proved very inconvenient.. Apparently this is a regular occurrence. They also have only one accessible bedroom and all the other bedrooms have an entrance door that is too narrow for my standard wheelchair to enter. This required me to dismantle my chair each time I wanted to access my room.  I found this tedious.,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very disappointed,"Checkin was close to 4 pm - supposed to be 2 pm. I arrived at 11 and was quite happy to wait until I saw people arriving after me not having reservations (I had made a reservation 6 months in advance) and getting a room key immediately. When I finally threw a hissy fit they magically found a room (would probably be still waiting if I hadn't)  which they described as ""quiet"". All I  can say is I'm glad they didn't give me a noisy one. I was woken all through the night by sirens, yelling and general noise. The room was smaller than most walkin wardrobes though the bathroom was modern and adequate and both room and bathroom were spotless. There was nowhere to stow bags so my big one had to go under the desk and my carry on at the end of the bed leaving little floor space. The bed…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our stay yet again,"We have used this hotel many times over the years. It has a very convenient location for central London. Staff are welcoming and helpful. We booked a specific room we have had before, so we knew we were getting a small space we would use only for sleeping. The breakfast is a help-yourself deal, but adequate, with no restriction on quantity. There is a reasonable choice, with a range of cereals, eggs, ham, fruit and yogurt or you can have a cooked breakfast (scrambled egg, beans, tomatoes, brownies/hash brown, sausages and bacon) with croissants, toast, and small bread rolls (white or brown). Tea, coffee, milk, and fruit juice (apple or orange) are on tap. On--site restaurants are OK but not as good as previous years. Free entry to the YMCA gym, which is modern; but we did not…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here 6th September. Check in was quick, and staff were very friendly and efficient. Our room was small but nice and clean, with everything you need and views of the shard. The best plus for this hotel is its location, being only a couple of minutes walk from Tottenham court tube station, and Covent Garden, Leicester Square, china town and theatre land all within easy walking distance. Would definitely stay here again, when visiting London.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, reasonably priced","Excellent location for theatre and shops. Room was clean with everything we would expect or need. Good bar, can't comment on restaurant as didn't use. Would definitely use again and felt it was very good value for money.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"noisy, outdated and dirty","The best thing about this hotel is the lobby. Everything went downwards from the moment I checked in. The lift was very slow and always full. My room was small and looking tired. The hot water took about 5 minutes to finally work. After a long day at work, I was looking forward to be in bed, unfortunately the room was noisy and there were people talking right in front of my corridor at 3am. I woke up feeling exhausted by the morning and the breakfast was disappointing. There was a queue for the breakfast and the food didn’t taste great. After a few bites, I decided to leave it and go somewhere else for breakfast. Stay away from this hotel!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City break,"Stayed two nights, executive room. Clean and functional is all we needed, really happy with everything. Superb front of house team, VQ cafe for breakfast was great, Hudsons restaurant was amazing. The 12oz Ribeye was absolutely top draw, i love the backstory of it being selected from Smithfield Mkt. Chef knows his way round a kitchen for sure, server and barmen really professional. Location great for Covent Garden, China Town, Soho, theatre land, all within walking distance",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,BEWARE BED BUGS LIVE HERE,"Booked this as a theatre package.  Very busy reception but check in was quick and efficient. That’s the only good experience we had at this hotel. From that moment onwards it was poor that turned to awful.  Before I bore you with a list of problems, I’ll start with the worst: Woke up covered in bites from bed bugs after staying in room 468. Having read other reviews I see this is an ongoing issue. Thank goodness we were only staying one night.  We had to evacuate in the morning because the fire alarm was sounding (it was not a short test). There was no staff or instruction once we exited to the street. When the sounder finally stopped I entered the reception to enquire if it was safe. It was laughed off as a false alarm. It wasn’t at all funny to my partner who struggles with…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London shows accommodation ,If you’re going to a London Show and looking for somewhere to stay this hotel is ideally situated. Room was clean and adequate for my needs. Breakfast was acceptable. Overall to be recommended. I’d have no hesitation in staying again,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money,"we stayed at the St. Giles for three nights and found the hotel excellent value for money, we booked a city double room which was lovely and spotless, we have a very comfy double bed with tv, a seperate sitting area with sofa, dressing table and another tv.  Breakfast time was busy but we never had to queue for anything, staff very efficient and kept everything running very smoothly, food very tasty and hot set us up nicely for the day, hotel is minutes to tube station which made our sightseeing very easy, i would definitely return to this hotel if visiting london again",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value for money, Good location.","Great location and right by tube station. Oxford street on the door step. Easy check in and great service for leaving luggage if you arrive and your room is not ready. Room was basic but we only stayed for one night so quite adequate. Nice shower and a comfy bed. What more do you need after a long day in London. The bar was welcoming with very friendly staff. Breakfast was good but very busy. Was worth a slight wait. After checkout we once again were able to leave our bags,",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for theatres but a little tired acoomodation wise,Fantastic location for a visit to theatreland. Lots of restaurants close by and short walk to Oxford street. Nearest tube only a two minute walk away.  Desk staff pleasant and welcoming.  Rooms were clean but a little shabby and very small and quite dark. Beds were comfortable.  Breakfast was buffet style with plenty on offer. Was very busy and a little cramped. Restaurant staff a little fractious.  Leisure facilities and a casino on site.  Reasonably priced for the location. Would use again.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is great,"On arrival reception wasn’t busy and the young girl was friendly and efficient. Up to our room on fifth floor. Quite small and basic but nothing to complain about.  Breakfast was ok. Plenty of staff around and there is plenty of choice. Only frustrating thing is the lifts there are four but you can still be waiting for several minutes at busy times.  The most impressive part about this hotel was its location so handy for theatre trips, to see the sights and shopping too.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel and Great Location in an Executive Room,"We did book an Executive Suite for 3 nights , Its a fantastic location for a city break just a street away from Oxford Street,The room did give us a few extra perks such as robes and slippers 3 tv screens one being a radio in the bathroom, room had a bath and large shower with panoramic views Could not fault the breakfasts at all had everything we needed, did go down for breakfast between 8-9 am not once did we have to queue If there was one fault that would be how noisy at nights it was with sirens going but thats not the hotels fault",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Executive Double Room.,"We booked an Executive Double Room, which did give us a few extra privileges such as, a room with a view, breakfast in the VQ cafe, which was worthwhile and an executive check in. Our room was quite small still, it was standing room only for our luggage, but we did have a table and chairs, a safe, a fridge, tea and coffee making facilities with biscuits and fresh bottles of water supplied every day. All staff were friendly and helpful, from the cleaning staff, the baggage people to the reception desk. The hotel is in a fantastic location, easy walking to the West End theatres, close to the Tottenham Court Road Tube Station, lots of buses and a good area for restaurants and shopping.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs a renovation,"I stayed at this hotel for 1 night for work purposes.  The hotel reception was lovely,  I walked and thought,  ooo very upmarket!  -That's where the Ooo ended,  the hotel is very dated.  The walls leading to the rooms are all a mucky beige colour and scuffed.  The wall outside my room was being re-plastered so did look particularly awful, and the gent made the carpet all dirty.  -The Lifts are incredibly slow, for 4x lifts,  I was waiting 5minis for 1 to come as an example.   On one occasion I decided to take the stairs,  these were like 'back service stairs'  I couldn't actually believe they offered them as an option for customers to use.   -The room was dated but it was clean.   I cant comment on the restaurant in the evening as I didn't use it  -Breakfast - this was extremely…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Fantastic location for a city visit.   Nice comfortable hotel just off Oxford street and walking distance to great pubs and restaurants.  Highly recommendable for a city break for a girls trip or couples break away,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","The room although it was smaller than expected, it was comfortable, and a great value for the price. Clean and modest. Close to a tube station and a lot of bus routes stop nearby. Walking distance from, restaurants, SoHo, British Museum. Great breakfast. Very friendly staff willing to help and give recommendations. I would totally stay here again, when I get back to London.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,hotel in London,Excellent location. Good beds. Delicious breakfast very friendly concierge and staff. Walking distance to British museum and tube station: Tottenham Court Road. Only drawback were the elevators that did not work properly maybe too few for such a large hotel.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London,"I stayed at the st Giles hotel for 1 night ( 29/9/18-30/918) in a single classic room .  I checked in which was very quick and very simple the lady on the reception was friendly enough , then I made my way to the lift although they was 4 one was out of order and the others were very busy I had to wait a while for the lift to arrive then I got in and went to the 4 th floor and then negotiated my way through the rabbit warren and poorly sign posted wall to my room number 464 .  The room although was small and compact it was nicely decorated and carpeted  with a very comfortable single bed , a small tv in the wall , a small wardrobe , tea and coffee making facilities and the bathroom had a step up shower toilet and sink and body gel .  Overall I would stay here again if I’m ever in…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great position,"Great position, close to theatres, bars and restaurants. Staff friendly, breakfast good and plentiful. 24 hour bar and restaurant in the hotel. Furniture in rooms a little dated but clean and the beds comfortable. Value for money, recommended.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok type hotel,Stayed in this hotel but room wasnt great & breakfast wasnt either. Bar ok in evening but location is its biggest asset. Lifts are also slow and some of my colleague's rooms were small. Prices are ok if booked ahead.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My bad experience stay at St Giles hotel ,"1 - room condition is very poor , with long  discussion with reception I was given another room even worse condition  bathroom facility , poor dirty blanket and no shampoo or hand soup  3- my room key didn’t work and went to reception to activate it but the system was down so  I had to wait 20 minutes to get system back 4 - the reception charged me for keeping my laggage with them one pound for each peice 5- refused to take my shopping items that was sent to me room .   The attitude of staff isn’t really good and there is no room service , room was old and didn’t ha be shampo or soup to wash hand ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay in London ,Fabulous location close to all you need and you can see the hotel from the nearest tube room slightly small but has everything you need lots of cupboard space and tea and coffee beds really comfy check in was really fast and easy considering this is a massive hotel with lots of checking in and out all day and night breakfast was tasty with lots of hot and cold options to choose from and what really made my stay was winning £75 on the roulette table as it’s my first time playing the staff explained how to play and made it really fun will definitely stay here agin when visiting London especially if you are seeing a show as it’s right in the centre of the theatre district / soho ,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gustopo reception,First great location. On arrival were asked for passports or id don't now why thank God we had them we than had to answer lots of questions do you want bath shower do you want ground floor of high floor.you don't need this after long journey finally to the lifts what a joke they take forever we had to use the stairs not good when your walking not that good.breakfast ok not very hot.in the two days we stay only one person said good morning. Room very small so small tv in a cupboard.conseiage  helpful,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location - basic rooms,The hotel had a good location in Londen. A lot of things to do by foot or the metro is just around the corner. Staff upon arrival were horrible & super unfriendly.. when we came back after dinner the two replacements where super friendly though! Basic rooms but clean! ,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,"This is my second stay at this hotel... once again it gains five stars for location , the helpful staff and access to a great bar with food and good music. The rooms are comfortable and clean but small as is to be expected in central London. My one negative is that the edge of the bath was rusty... this is relatively simple to fix and would improve the image of the room immensely. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel - Great Location in London,"Having stayed in the hotel on two previous occasions, we decided to go back as the location is very convenient to Oxford Street and a five minute walk from Leicester Square.  We had booked in for 3 nights in September.  When we arrived we were offered a room on a variety of floors, in the end we chose the sixth floor.  The main issue with getting to our room was the lack of reliable lifts.  All in all there are four lifts in the hotel but one of these were out of order due to parts being ordered.  The lifts seemed to take forever to come and at one stage during our stay many of the people used the stairs to come down for breakfast one morning.  Once we arrived at our room, it was quite small but we knew this having stayed before and the bathroom was also small but adequate for 2…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Hotel is close to Tottenham Court Road Underground and Oxford Street. No frills, but value for money by London standards. Breakfast is buffet style. It can get very busy with long queues to get in. The best advice I can give you is to set your alarm and go down before 08:00. You will have pick of the tables and be able to have a relaxed breakfast. Then go back to bed for an hour whilst the rest fight it out!",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Price for the Location,We stayed here for 1 night in September 2018. This is the 3rd or 4th time we've used this hotel and it's now our go-to hotel for central London. The price is great for the location and the rooms are clean and comfortable. Would recommend staying here.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok no frills ,"Stayed here for the night after visiting London and the hotel is fine, room was ok clean, tidy but a little small. Great location but it was very busy. The only issue we had staying on 6th floor the lifts!!! You could go up and down for 10 mins before getting to the lobby every floor people just couldn’t get in the lift they were a little small, on one occasion it said overweight and would not move and there were only 7 of us in there. It’s a minor issue but some people can’t use the stairs. Breakfast was good hot loads of choice all in all it was ok",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"I stayed at St Giles Hotel in London for 3 days last August. The hotel is excellently located on Tottenham Court Road, just a few metres from Oxford Street. It was super busy, but the hotel and its staff are well organized and things seem to flow like clockwork. Our room was small, but clean and adequate,  with a fridge as well as tea and coffee making facilities. Right outside the hotel, you're in the heart of London so absolute no issues with transport. Breakfast was a decent full English one. My wife and I would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again during our next visit!",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great time,"I visit London with my friends and we have a great time hire. Friendly staff ,amazing room service very quiet and also very clean. When we arrive the room was ready and the receptionist was very friendly with us. I really recommend.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but Disappointing hotel,"We just got back from a two night stay at the St Giles hotel, we knew that the rooms were smaller than average from the reviews left on the internet, but nothing prepared me for just how small the rooms are!  The rooms are very worn and tired, no air conditioning in the room which was made worse by the fact that the window was very small and only opened slightly so there was no air circulation in the room, however we found a fan in the wardrobe which helped a little.  The bathroom had a continuous dripping shower and I had to wipe down the sink before we used it as it had dirty marks all around.  We had a room on the ninth floor but even at this height it was still very noisy all through the night.  The hotel is very busy and we had to wait five minutes for the lift to arrive on…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Check what you are served at Sage & Chilli restaurant.,"Having never eaten Sea Bass and being given a 25% discount voucher I ordered Sea Bass. The fish that arrived, however, was Mackerel. The distinctive skin had been removed to obviously try to fool the diner. I have caught and eaten enough Mackerel in my time to know what it tastes like. I queried the wrong fish with a waiter whom I heard ask the kitchen staff my question. I still await an answer! To confirm my suspicions I actually bough a fillet of Sea Bass at my local fishmongers. Once I had cooked it the first taste was enough to confirm that I had NOT been served Sea Bass.   The safety notice on the back of the door was a laugh. A sheet of clear plastic with green writing positioned over a wooden surface. No white backing so practically impossible to read. See attached.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Simple and okayish ,"The team tried everything to make my stay comfortable and yes the rooms are relatively large and spacious for London, the location is super central... And for the price it is okay. But the breakfast was quite basic: a pile of ham, cheese, sausages etc, but close to canteen food. the first room was quite Dirty, I immediately got another one, so this was okay... At the same time a number of school classes stayed in the hotel, which meant it was very noisy... Okay for one night and a nice team that was very helpful!! ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Vacation ,We had paid extra for a bigger room with a fridge and air conditioning but we didn't know we had to pay more to get a wardrobe cabinet to put our clothes away seeing that we were there for a week.  To get a wardrobe we had to go to another room and didn't come with  a fridge or air conditioner.   It came with a  fan that had an inch of dust on it.  The room had an odor can not explain.  Wasn't impressed The cleaning staff I guess stock supplies when they remember.  Four days out of the 7  we had to call to get towels and toilet paper.   Where is there check list.  Poor management.  If someone was allergic to dust they couldn't stay there. The only thing it had was the location.  The breakfast was good but after a week it was so so.  We won't be going hear again. A bad first…,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent place to stay,"I recently had a one night stay at the St Giles with my daughter, we were on a theatre and sight seeing weekend and just needed a base. Please dont listen to any bad reviews about this hotel. The staff are very friendly, the concierge are fantastic, the room was exactly as the picture showed, clean and comfortable. We did not eat at the hotel only because we didnt need to, so I can not comment about that but have no dought that it would be fine. We did use the bar which was lively and  reasonabley priced for London.  I Would definatley stay at the St Giles again and would recommend to others. I Also booked directly on  the hotel website and not through a third party as it was cheaper and you only pay on the day you arrive. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for a central location.,"The St Giles Hotel is fantastically well situated for the West End and central London. I was initially concerned that the price would equate to poor quality but this wasn’t entirely the case.  My allocated twin room was small and I wouldn’t recommend for sharing but as a solo traveller it was fine in the absence of any available double rooms. There is no air conditioning in the rooms and this did make sleep more difficult, but overall the room had all the features you’d expect from a 3-star hotel.   I didn’t use the restaurant or bar during my stay but I did use the leisure centre in the basement, operated by YMCA. Access to the leisure centre is £5 for hotel guests, payable via a £5 bank note only from a vending machine in the lobby area. This was frustrating as it meant having…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,Delighted with this hotel location perfect.  Breakfast great staff very friendly.  Would stay here again and recommend it   The bar is very busy friendly and reasonably priced. Rooms lovely. Very popular. Times for breakfast good 6.30-10.30am suits everyone. Can’t recommend this hotel enough.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location,extremely unpleasant approach,","Room was fine.I had a reservation with breakfast paid at booking.In spite of this they said at reception I had to pay again,seems to be they do not know how to read a hotel form.More or less the same approach at dining room.Third employee,efficient and friendly young lady Ms Juli took the case seriously,had to talk to three different people by internal phone until she sorted out the problem.No computer available to guests.I wanted to make a local phone call:I was requested to come down to show and test my credit card before they give me a line,I am an elderly lady and I must say that I was never treated like this before,it is clear to me that I shall not visit this place again.M.E.Riembau.This was between 22nd-27th April",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value, great location, clean, efficient","I always use St Giles, and every year do a quick survey and have never found anywhere to beat it on price, Bloomsbury location, availability, and late opening restaurant / bar. It’s clean, efficient, has all the essential services. If you’re a tourist, it’s a sensible place to lay your head and your suitcase after a long day behind your camera lens,  and get up and off next morning.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Second time I've stayed in this hotel and for the price I don't have a bad word to say! It's not a luxury hotel with luxury rooms for you pay for what you get!  The location  is perfect so central to everything. The breakfast was good as well nothing bad to say about that! The Hudson bar/restaurant was lovely the food was delicious!! Any time I come back to London I'd be staying here again. Great hotel,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great service, but lifts are shocking","for a one night stay in London, St Giles looked pretty good for location and services.  We arrived early and to our surprise were able to check in and drop our bags off before sightseeing.  There was a problem with the lifts, which meant having to wait ages to get one, or go up and down the stairs.  This was ok the 1st and 2nd time, but after a few journeys up and down, it did get a bit tiresome.  The room itself was ok, basic and functional.  The hotel was looking a little tired in places, but the staff were always very helpful.  Breakfast was not so good.  Very limited choice and not great tasting.  if staying again, we'd skip the breakfast option and head out to one of the bakeries or local cafes for something fresh and tasty.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Simply brilliant,"They let us check in early which was a real help to us, the breakfast was lovely, the room was nice with a great view of London! The location is absolutely perfect and for the price we couldn’t of asked for much more! The only little thing that was not very good was the lifts, they took an eternity but I wouldn’t let that bother me! It was a real pleasure stopping here! If I could give it 6 stars I would! ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,Very well located but tiny claustrophobic rooms & minute bathrooms! Staff good but chaotic at breakfast in V Q as they all staff seemed untrained & incapable of providing separate bills!!  They were pleasant though if a little addled!  Location would be only reason to return for me.,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Have stayed here on 3 occasions now as the hotel is in a great location to everything. Breakfast is a full buffet and doesn’t disappoint. Only downside is every time we go we get given a different type of room.. obviously overbooking certain rooms but for the location it’s well worth it,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's all about the location,"The location of the hotel is superior - a few minutes walk away from all sites and a great tube station right next to the hotel (Tottenham Court Road). The room was outdated and small, however, it was clean and good enough for just sleeping after a long day of sightseeing. The elevators are really slow. The staff were very nice and helpful. Overall it was a very nice stay and the value for money is pretty good when taking into consideration the hotel's great location.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good and convenient,"I have stayed here 3 times and will probably return again and again.  It's very close to Tottenham Court Road tube station and the British museum which was good for us.  It isn't fancy and some of the rooms are tired and worn but they are clean, warm and the bed is comfy.  Breakfast is adequate with hot and cold options but it can be very busy at times.  The staff are all friendly and helpful.  The only  issue I have is with the lifts as you could grow old waiting on them, the stairs are an option but not fun going up.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a low to mid range good hotel in London.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Overall great location for theatre, shopping and sightseeing. The rooms are small and need updating but are adequate. Breakfast was good, but this is a busy hotel and you might have to queue to be seated.  The majority of staff were professional and helpful.  We had the pre-theatre menu at Hudson’s which I would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disgusting behaviour,My partner and 1 went for my birthday I paid in cash they gave key to someone else while we was undressing to go theatre someone came in our room. Then they call us to wait saying we never paid had to wait for hours till sorted out then I'm evening we was locked out of room cause they still didn't believe me  They gave me wrong receipt and key and whole weekend was mess   Then they told my partner they would refund her and they never keep to there word unprofessional hotel  Still they keep saying oh should be in 5pm we checked was not in All run round do not go in this hotel treat you like criminal,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money ,We stayed at this hotel a couple of days in the beginning of June. It was good value for money. The breakfast was among other things a good English fry-up and delicious. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. ,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs improvement but really good overall,"Just completed a 3 night stay with friends. The first big thumbs up goes to LOCATION - it’s literally a two minute walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station, just past the Dominion Thestre. Within one minute, you’re on the corner of Oxford Street West, which is a shoppers paradise (where there’s a MASSIVE Primark - so you needn’t worry if you’ve forgotten to pack anything).  On arrival the checking-in staff were polite, courteous and extremely helpful. The rooms were small yet more than adequate, despite the decor being very tired, worn and outdated. Our safety deposit box was broken - but thankfully we were traveling light so didn’t need to use it. The power sockets were also scarce and one of them broken which rendered it useless. We stayed in a twin room on the 6th floor…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Welcoming,Short weekend break away to this lovely hotel couldn't fault it at all apart from I think they need to invest in getting some air conditioning for the rooms as they were very warm and stuffy. Lovely place to stay friendly staff and lovely choice of different selection of breakfasts to have. Oxford Street right on the door step too plenty of places to eat nearby and walking distance to most theatres and attractions. Will be returning !! ,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London visit,"Excellent location and great value for money in the centre of London. The rooms are small but very clean and had all the basics you’d expect. Tea/coffee , iron and board, TV and safe. We only needed the room for one night and were not therefore worried about the size. The breakfast was surprisingly good and plenty of  choice and at no extra cost- very nice scrambled egg. The staff were polite and helpful. You could also use a pool and gym at a venue attached to the hotel for a minimum charge.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stayed here as part of Newmarket holidays trip ,"My mum and I were on a Newmarket holidays trip to London at the beginning of September and stayed here for 1 night   We upgraded our room to an executive double and it was fantastic  Light and airy, spotless, lovely views of London from eighth floor, full tea tray of goodies and comfy bed and pillows  Definitely upgrade here again and recommend it to all   We had our evening meal and breakfast in the VQ restaurant which was great value and lovely food   All staff were very friendly and helpful on the phone and in person   We would definitely stay again if in London  :-)  ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly placed,"This hotel for us was perfectly placed, we traveled by train and Underground from Devon, The Tottenham Court Tube station was 150 meters from the hotel, the hotel was footsteps to Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Road and British Museum which took us two old crocks about 10 minutes to walk to, we also went to the Pizza Express Jazz Club  to see John Williams which was an unexpected delight, my vision of Pizza Express was just fast food and plastic tables, but venture downstairs and  it all changes.  Back to the hotel, the staff were welcoming and efficient. The room was a bit on the small side but given the location was excellent value for money, the Hudson Bar and Restaurant was simply excellent the atmosphere was lovely, the other eatery's were a bit bland in the decor…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and hotel,"Ideal location to the underground and shopping. Had a great stay, room was cleaned and sheets changed daily, staff where helpful and friendly to help with my needs and checking in was easy. Air conditioning worked great,",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"My son chose this location as he had been here before and said it was a good central spot for site seeing.It certainly was,as oxford street,Covent garden,soho,embankment are all within walking distance.The hotel reception and rooms were better than the 3 star rating given.the ONLY complaint was that every morning we stayed,we had to form a queue for breakfast,possibly because of the time we rose.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London show and hotel direct,Had a wonderful two days in London taking in a show and seeing some of the sights thanks to Hotel Direct for making this an enjoyable and easy experience it was about two minutes walk from the tube station and plenty of hotel staff to help on our arrival it has three lovely restaurants all reasonably priced and excellent food. Would definitely use this hotel again also go through hotel direct,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, centrally located","Stayed overnight on Sept 4, 2018. We were greeted by friendly, helpful staff. Check-in was speedy and courteous. The room had everything we needed, it was scrupulously clean. No air conditioning, but fans were provided. The breakfast is recommended, hearty full English buffet - ideal for fuelling up before a day's exploring, though continental options are also on hand. The hotel is ideally situated just around the corner from the Tottenham Court Road underground. Well worth a stay.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful hotel,"We stayed on 13/08/18 our 30 wedding anniversary hotel & show package , the room was filthy & stained with loose wall sockets , dirty , and worn  We complained & had the bookings manager offer us half our monies back which never happened!  My dog sleeps in better conditions, the chef must be a plumber to even label their breakfast as traditional English, it is sewerage. , London is 4 square miles of main attractions save yourself and book a trusted hotel its only a short tube ride away . Please , please ,",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Lovely smooth check-in - great central location so handy for tubes and buses just minutes away and walking distance to many attractions and right in the heart of the Theatre district  - hotel room was to be fair was on the smalllsh  side but was adequate for the amount of time we spent in it and it was clean and bedlinen and towels nice and fresh - we added breakfast which was nice and hot full English which was a good start to the day - so was pleased we found this little place would definitely use it again,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Probably the worst hotel I have stayed at in London,"Whilst the reception area is ok, the room was terrible. Cramped, dirty, smelly and incredibly noisy. Dirty corridors, dirty doors etc The also gave me another persons receipt- showed no concern!  I couldn’t wait to escape in the morning!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,"I booked an executive suite at St Giles for our extended stay (6 nights) in London and am so glad I did - it was well worth the additional cost: a lovely, light and airy room with super views across the skyline including the London Eye (its night illumination is very pretty) and a comfy sofa in the sitting area from which to observe it! The lady who looked after our room was very cheerful and efficient and kept us well supplied with tea, biscuits, water and toiletries. The staff at St Giles all seem very happy in their work, which meant that from check-in to check-out we felt welcome at the hotel. Breakfast was included in our rate, in the VQ restaurant, and again the service and friendliness of the staff, as well as the quality of the food, which is all freshly prepared to…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful hotel part of a theatre package,"27/8/18-29/8/18 at st Giles hotel London, when we arrived just after 2pm we was told that our room was not ready and to go to lobby and wait we was more then happy to do this and the hotel although extremely busy looked pleasant, however when we went back and got our room keys for room 160 we ventured up to it to find a very tiny run down noisy room, it had air van system outside our window which no matter of the window was open or closed it was a constant drowning noise, we agreed to see how we coped until the next morning, then we spotted the cups next to kettle they was chipped and had hair on them, the mirrors in room and bathroom was dirty, the carpet had stains all on it, the paint on the wall was all chipped and peeling, the bathroom didn’t close without banging it, but…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mistake admitted and upgraded,"I would like to thank Melania - Manager of the help desk . After a mistake done with one of our 2 reserved rooms , she personally looked for me to apologize and compensate us with an upgrade,  Business and human beings being able to admit their mistake and correct it is what we need both at work and private life. Hotel in excellent location , and suites are beautiful with great view and very spacious . thank you again Melania .",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good pricing,"this 3 star hotel is located at the heart of London shopping area )Oxford street), with 3 minutes walk to Covent Garden area which include most of theaters and bars. Rooms are very small , as most of London""s hotels, but they serve nice breakfast . Their overall pricing was great.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"On arrival at the hotel, initial impressions, great location, close to Tottenham  Court Station and Oxford street, so 5/5 location.  Hotel lobby is nice, with a nice cosy bar adjoining which was open late in the evening.  Breakfast was plentiful and good.  Room was disappointing. Very small, a small winow that opened on to an inner wall above air conditioning fans.  So very noisy at night and along with the room being warm and having a fan going all night, not an enjoyable nights sleep.  Bathroom is very small. Some plug sockets next to the bed would have been nice too.  Waiting time for lifts was annoying, so gave up and used the stairs to the 4th floor most the time.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location,"The St. Giles is in an amazing location. It’s only 5 minutes walk from the British museum, 5-10 mins walk from most of the theatres and there’s a tube station on the corner if you need to go further. The staff are pleasant and efficient and the hotel itself is clean and comfortable.  Very reasonably priced for the centre of London.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great 3 star hotel,One does not need much more - beautifully located!! Right near Oxford!! Clean and generous staff. A YMCA and a pool!! An English breakfast but there is a coffee shop right next door and many more all over the place if one doesn’t fancy an English breakfast,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Class,"This hotel was lovely really close to the theatre district which is the reason I was there. Very close to shops, staff where very friendly, The 24hr restaurant food was amazing chicken and waffles and the Mac and cheese some of the best I have ever tasted would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A bit of a disappointment (No A/C)  for such a nice hotel,We stayed with the St. Giles for three nights in August 2018. Overall it is a good hotel but our stay was a little disappointing.  The hotel has a great location right in the theater district.  There are many restaurants and stores within walking distance. The Tottenham Court underground station is less than two blocks away.  The staff in the hotel is friendly and helpful. The concierge is super.  The buffet breakfast has a nice variety of hot and cold food.  Where this hotel missed the grade was the air conditioning - as in none.  We stayed here during a very hot and humid stretch in London.  When we checked in we were not informed that the A/C in our room was not working. The room was very warm and uncomfortable.  I immediately informed the staff about the situation.  The…,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Stayed in August so as expected very busy. Check in staff not rude but certainly not welcoming.  Room small but at least air con worked.  Housekeeping terrible, minimum clean if any & no spoon with cup & saucer so I left a polite note. Next day stirrer left but no sugar!! No water supplied which I found unusual but Sainsburys across the road so plenty of choice.  Good location for walking to theatres, British Museum etc... Nice choice of eateries within the hotel so possible to eat 24/7 which fits in with late nights/early morning. Improve the housekeeping and I think a return visit would be recommended.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not the best but not the worst,The hotel rooms and corridors are in much need of being updated but are clean enough. The beds are comfortable and all the staff are very nice and polite. The thing that all others staying there seemed to be annoyed about (ourselves included) was the lifts. You wait for ages and they seem to have a mind of their own once in there. The location of the hotel is perfect. We would stay there again.,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A good place to stay,"Bem localizado, preços razoáveis, quartos minúsculos. Atenção: quartos standard nõa tem ar condicionado. Esteja preparado para transpirar no verão! Well located, reasonable prices, small rooms. Attention: standard rooms have no A/C! Be prepared to sweat in the summer!",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,House keeping,Make sure you take your own teabags. Because after using the 2 provided in your room that's it.. Your milk and sugar will be replaced daily.. But a simple teabag.. no. And when asked for at reception I was told 'none available drink coffee' unfortunately I dislike coffee. Poor housekeeping and customer liason at reception. I feel this 3rd visit maybe my last visit.,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good hotel to stay,well located.  good customer service. we jst booked online and worried about room and service but every thing went well.. we will come back again if at all get chance to stay in this hotel. overall good hotel to stay,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"Easy check in and out, reception staff were pleasant too. Stayed for three nights and can't fault it! Comfortable,clean and within easy walking distance from nearest underground station. Close to theatres, shopping and lovely restaurants.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay,"We were able to walk to the hotel from Euston Station which was lovely as we had been sitting for a few hours. Check in was straightforward and we were greeted by a friendly receptionist. The room was on the eighth floor but there were four lifts to accommodate the many guests. The room had twin beds and enough space round about. The bed was spotless as was the bathroom and there was a safe , always handy. It was extremely warm in the room but a fan had been provided as there was no air conditioning . Luckily there was a window that opened sufficiently. Breakfast was fairly basic but satisfactory. On checking out we left our luggage with the concierge who was very helpful. I would certainly recommend the hotel as it’s very central and ideal for a short stay.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location good hotel ,"I’ve been visiting this hotel for a while now. 4 times actually. All I can say is that it’s brilliantly located, next to the Dominion theatre. The rooms are always clean and the staff is helpful. The Hotel also has a pub and a 24 hour restaurant inside it. Before I visit London I always make sure to book this hotel. Thank you St. Giles ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can’t accommodate the number of guests,"I stayed at St Giles for 2 nights with a friend. We arrived early (around 10am) and left our bags at consierge until we were able to check in. We came back to the hotel at the time at which the girl had said, but when we went to check in we were told our room wasn’t ready and that we should wait another fifteen minutes. We went back, she said our room was still not ready and to wait another fifteen minutes. Eventually after just over an hour, we went to a different girl who offered us a different twin room on a different floor. We got to the room which was ok, pretty small and very little lighting, and the window wouldn’t close.     We went to the hotel bar that night. On our way into the bar we noticed a man who was falling asleep on a chair. We sat down then I was approached…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location to visit London,The hotel has 2 main characteristics: it is very well located near Tottenham Court Road tube station and is quite cheap (about 100 € for a double room per night). The staff is nice.The room is small but clean. At our arrival we noticed that the hairdryer was not in the room and they brought it to us before evening. We did not spend the breakfast there because our children are not used to have a big breakfast.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing hotel and stay,"The hotel is very well located in the centre of London..few moments from Tottenham Court road tube station and that’s probably the only good thing to say.  At check-in they didn’t have a twin room available which is what we booked 4 months in advance.. The building is old and needs to have some work done urgently. Rooms are tiny but ok and bed is allright. The hotel is too big and there are no enough lifts to accommodate all guests.  Breakfast is not very good, no variety and the quality of the food is poor.  Apparently rooms are not done every day or this is the answer I got from the receptionist when complaining about my room not being done - They ended doing it after my complains.  To finish our delightful experience... we were charged 2 £ on the day of departure for storing…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disability at St Giles,"Me and my husband have been staying at St Giles multiple times since 10 years. It's a hotel we chose for the location and reasonable pricing, and also because after trying four or five stars hotels everyone around, we came to the point that there was no much interest to us in paying more for an alike comfort in a maybe stylish but way more expensive hotel.  St Giles have oldschool bedrooms that didn't much change in the past ten years and while some may find the decoration outdated, we find it quite cosy and well enough for a stay in London.   This time, I asked for a disabled bedroom cause my spine doesn't allow me to bend in the small normal rooms cabins and I need a larger space to move properly.   I want to be clear on the point that I am not in a wheelchair, I don't have…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stop,I was able to book a single room over the phone just moments before I needed it. Was charged £82 for bed and breakfast- a reasonable deal in central London for the weekend.  The room was exceptionally clean and had everything needed for a comfortable stay including a fan. The bed was very comfortable- great white duvets. The hotel room was quiet but the only draw back was noise from the street which you cannot help as you are in the centre of London.  Checking in and it was very quick and efficient and all staff very friendly and helpful.  I’ve stayed here before and will definitely book again.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mid priced should be very low priced hotel!,"We booked this hotel for its excellent position in London. We read the reviews, most said it was ok or better - it is not! On the outside, it's fabulous, the staff at reception are friendly and helpful as was the concierge who was great for carrying my heavy case. There the good things end. The rooms are very, very small. Ours had wood panels above the bed that was covered in cobwebs and dust. The dust continued in and around the lights in the bedroom and bathroom. The plug in the bathroom wasn't attached and didn't fit the sink. Hubby shaved with one hand whilst holding the plug in with the other! There was mould in the sealant of the shower, rust and grime around the loo and more cobwebs on the ceiling. We asked for it to be cleaned and plug sorted, dust above the bed went and…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location ,"Greeted by friendly reception staff and asked which floor we would prefer to stay on. Busy hotel so sometimes had to wait a short time for an elevator. Room was clean and ideal for our short stay. Only drawback was no air con, there was a fan though. Breakfast gets extremely busy so I would definitely be there before 9am if you can be. The breakfast was okay, but basic in the cereal department. Plenty of tea and coffee. All in all a nice stay and would return. All the staff in the hotel from concierge to maids to managers in the breakfast area were polite and helpful. ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,BIRTHDAY VISIT,What a lovely hotel The bedroom was superb (RT9) The staff were very friendly & helpful. We had bed & breakfast grub was fine. Nothing else needs to be said apart from Thank you to all the staff at the St Giles ! Regards Nikki & Alf,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place for a short stay,Great center location for a short stay. Compact but comfortable room.  Rather noisy but that was expected as it was a hot night and I need to have the window open.    Long wait for a lift as we were on the 7th floor,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Central Hotel,"Brilliant Hotel. Very Central, close to all sights of London. Brilliant staff, very helpful, clean and tidy rooms, superb breakfast, though can get a bit busy at breakfast `rush hour`. excellent value for money. Complete with swimming pool, gym, and casino.  What more can you ask for!!!!!!",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a nice vibe,"After the brilliant 2-star hotel we lef tin Paris, this 3-star hotel was a disappointment.  The area did not have a nice vibe even though we were literally 2 streets away from the West End theatres.  It disappointed further when the ""bath towels"" were little bigger than the bath mat.  It's saving grace is that it is close to the theatres in the WestEnd as well as many eateries and pubs.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre treat,"A lovely hotel, the staff were very helpful at all times. The conseierge also very welcoming and helpful. The rooms clean and pleasant, beds comfortable .  The room was a bit noisy,from outside, though it took a while to get to sleep it was no more than expected in a busy place like London. The adjacent restaurant was very nice; a good price with a good variety of choice.  A hotel I would definitely use again.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,"Visited St Giles London Hotel for a weekend break while we watched Harry Potter and The Cursed Child at Palace Theatre. Absolutely fantastic location for what we needed. Theatre was approx 5 mins walk.  Checked in earlier than expected so this was great news and meant we had a secure place to leave our bags, freshen up after our train journey and go hit the streets of London again. We were in room RT4 and greeted by a lovely young lady at reception... we really struggled to understand what she was saying and I had already asked her to repeat herself 3 times so wasn’t going to ask her a fourth time. Basically we had no idea where our room was but caught something like ‘lift to 11th floor, walk the rest’ so we went and got in the lift to the 11th floor which is the highest it will…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rude staff😡,"We booked this hotel so we could enjoy a theatre break. Check in a was at 3:00. We were busy shopping so we took our time, we arrived at 3:25, desperate for a shower as it was rainy, but the member of staff that checked us in was rude and said our room wasn’t ready. He told us to go away and come back in half an hour so, we went out again. When we came back at 4:15 our room was finally ready.  The room was small but clean. The  cooked breakfast was good. But there was a lack of options. If you want to have a terrible stay at a hotel and you want to meet rude staff stay here. If you don’t stay well away. ",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay anywhere else,"We chose the St Giles purely by chance for our first London theatre break three years ago, and have been back four more times since then. Obviously there is no shortage of hotel choice in the City, but this one meets our needs perfectly. Location is excellent, Tottenham court tube station is one minute away on foot - we travel to London on National Express coach and Victoria coach station is only a few stations away. Oxford Street, Soho, and Theatre land are all a gentle stroll away, even Camden market is an easy 25 mins if you walk it.  The hotel exterior is definitely of the ""Brutalist"" school of architecture, though inside is stylish, clean, and comfortable. Some public areas show signs of wear and tear, but not to the point of being shabby.  Rooms are variable in size - some…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Recommend!!!! ,Me & My wife booked this hotel as an overnight theatre trip and was amazed at the level of service and how nice the hotel was!   From the reception and concierge staff to the duty manager the customer service was impeccable and I would recommend this hotel as worth visiting. They even went as far as putting a card through our door for the occasion we were staying for! Not only does it’s perfect location and high level of cleanliness make it attractive the facilities are absolutely on point at a fantastic price!   On speaking to the duty manager it is recommend that you book directly with the hotel as a pose to going through an agent to save money and get the best offer.   We didn’t take any pictures in the room but their website shows an honest picture of the rooms on offer.  We…,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Saint of sinner,"My wife Sharon and myself had booked this hotel as we were going to the Shaftsbury Theatre to see The Motown story and this hotel has the location we needed as well as being close to Oxford street. On arrival we were greeted by a member of staff who duly.took payment and gave us our key to the room.One of the lifts.had a sign out of order awaiting parts.On entering our room we were amazed how small the room was even Warwick Davis (presenter of Tenable and star wars fame)would have been able to touch the opposing walls if he had opened up his arms.The shower had a sodden towel left in it and the sound of the street below bellowed through the non sound proofed window.The shower tap dripped throughout the night ,the shower tray having problems with the volume of water it was having…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gone rapidly down hill,"We have stayed at this hotel a number of times over the years and I can honestly say the standard has gone down year after year. It’s rooms are looking tired now and could seriously do with a makeover  Only a few of the lifts were working , plug sockets in the room look dodgy and only a few of them work  Lighting in the rooms is really poor , given that you only have a small window you’d have thought they would have put in better luminations , breakfast was still good and staff are friendly but just think it’s time they invested some time and money in upgrading their rooms  Would we stay there again ? Probably not  ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel of the trip,"Many things could have been better. The room was very small and noisy (even though at check-out they said they had given me a quiet room). The bed was also small and not very comfortable. The bathroom was cramped and towels were very small and of a poor quality. When I asked for fresh towels, the request was noted and nothing was done about it. The room was hot with no air-conditioning. They supplied a fan, but the initial one was broken and its replacement was too noisy to use. As a result, the room was very stuffy. We did have access to the YMCA pool next door but this cost 5 pounds every time we used it. The location in central London was very good, with important sites within walking distance and plenty of good food-outlets very close.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A comfortable stay,Great price given the location. Very busy. The rooms are a little small unless you upgrade (well worth it for a bit more comfort). Staff are lovely and really helpful. The car park isn't particularly pleasant but at 25 GBP a night (make sure you get your ticket stamped by the concierge before you leave) it's cheap enough and the car was safe. Would definitely recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location!!,"Great stay at this hotel. The location is excellent, and wherever you need to get Tottenham Court Rd tube station (Central & Northern lines) is only 200m walk. Hotel staff were very helpful.  Will be back for sure.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great value for money","Big hotel. Fancy feeling, great value for money. Right on Oxford street. Stayed here several times and I am always happy with its location, cleaning and service. Finding a hotel in London that gives you what you pay for is usually hard (you pay more than you get) but with St. Giles, you get more than what you pay. Couldn't be happier!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, big hearts!","This hotel is not fancy, but it has a great location in Bloomsbury and is so handy to sights like the British museum and transportation like the Tottenham Court Underground station, not to mention a great shopping street. There are three restaurants attached for dining choices if you don’t want to venture too far or come back hungry after a long day of sight-seeing. We made sure we got a room with an air conditioning unit as it was very hot in the city. All the staff were pleasant and helpful, especially the bellmen and concierge  staff. They even arranged a driver and van to Heathrow for us when it was time to leave. If you are traveling on a budget and believe a hotel is just for sleeping in a clean place with a comfy bed and a decent shower, this one’s for you.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but good location,"If you're traveling alone and you can afford it, I'd recommend this hotel. Close to a lot of good places and historic sites. I walked a lot and noticed this hotel was in a good location. The staff was friendly but the room pretty small. Nice bar to hang out and grab a beer.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good price/quality-ratio","The hotel is right next to Oxford Street and Tottenham court metro station. So the location is great for those wanting to stay close to shopping etc.  For the price we paid, everything was OK, but nothing great. The rooms (at least the one we stayed in) didn't have an air condition so it was extremely hot. There was only a small table fan that didn't really help. Otherwise the room was in good condition and clean.  Breakfast was quite poor (even though I guess OK for British standards). There was toast, croissants, eggs, sausage and beans, but nothing fresh. It would have been nice to get some fresh vegetables or something. There was also really long queues at times to the breakfast so I recommend going there early.  All in all, good basic hotel in a good location, but I would…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a good choice,"No A/C. The window opened 2-3 inches.We waited for the elevator multiple times up to 25 minutes. Unbelievably noisy outside which they can't control of course, so I don't blame them for that. The remote barely worked. The toilet wouldn't flush always. The shower was VERY slippery. The wifi was poor. Breakfast was ok. People who work there are nice. The location is good and the Underground is only a few blocks away.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely London trip! ,"Reading reviews and seeing pictures I was a little worried however 'you get what you pay for' so was happy with what we paid, however on arrival we thought we were in the wrong hotel, gorgeous lobby, smelt extremely fresh, greeted by lovely staff. Definitely not what I accepted, minutes walk from the tube, oxford street and the west end; amazing location. Rooms were basic and small, nice bathroom, very clean, just what you wanted. Coffee making facilities, comfortable bed, good storage. Would 100% recommend anyone who wants to pay a great price for fantastic location :-) couldn't fault it. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok for the price,"A poor start with a big line at check in. We waited a good 20mins while staff dealt with complaints at the front of the line, and not enough staff available to help those of us standing waiting. The person who eventually checked us in was not very friendly either. Up to the room on the 7th floor; the pros- it was clean enough, the window opened a bit, and the bed was quite comfortable. The cons- it was TINY, just about enough room to get around the bed and in and out of the tiny shower room. There's no air con but a fan was provided. Breakfast was busy and ok,not the best quality, but its what you would expect at this price and standard. In all, we booked this last minute for a one night stay, and for that it was fine. You get what you pay for and for London this hotel is…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient and does the job for a short stay,Stayed here for one night on a theatre break  Just round the corner from theatre and restaurants so couldn't fault the location.  Didn't book the hotel for any other reason apart from to sleep in so it fulfilled our requirement.  Room small but that didn't matter for one night.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,london visit,"we enjoyed our stay, however the rooms were a little on the small size, but very comfy and clean, we did have to request extra condiments on a few occasions (extra milk, coffee etc).  The staff were willing and helpful.  The hotel although central did seem to be quiet a way from the main attractions though the subway/bus stops were literally outside the door.  Overall, it was a pleasant and enjoyable stay.  ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant!,"Booked this hotel as part of a theatre break deal. Good hotel in a great location. Check in was quick with friendly and very helpful staff. Great facilities. Room was simple but had everything you could need. Bed and pillows were comfortable! Hot buffet breakfast was excellent and certainly set you up for the day. Only a 3 min walk to Tottenham Court Road tube station, giving you easy access to anywhere in the City. Cannot fault this hotel. Would book again and would recommend.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate and Convenient,"A very busy hotel close to Tottenham Court tube. It is in walking distance Centers of many theatres, which is why we chose it. Fortunately we got the last air conditioned room during the heatwave. The air con is incredibly loud and goes on and off all night. They are not like the quiet running aircons in Australia, however we  never travel without slicon earplugs and so managed to sleep fairly well. The beds were  very comfortable and we had plenty of space for the two of us. Anyone of a large build or obese is going to struggle in the tiny,  but very clean bathroom.   Breakfast does not change; bacon, beans,scrambled egg, toast, stale croissants, tinned fruit, yoghurt, orange or apple juice, tea and coffee. The staff clearing tables look sad and need a professional make over,…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London ,"Ideally located for a short city break. This is the second time I’ve stayed at the St Giles, both rooms were small but clean. The bath towels were smaller than I would like. Breakfast is a buffet style & quite substantial. There is a book of vouchers for the local restaurants. Definitely recommend this hotel as it is located near the Dominion Theatre & Tottenham Court Road tube station.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value,We had a city room with air con in the bedroom  and a  dressing room and bathroom. bathroom was rather small but the  shower was perfect .the beds were soo comfortable 2 televisions one in bedroom and one in dressing room/study .The breakfast was nice plentry of tables and room .The staff were all very nice and polite and smiley from receptionists to waiting staff and the cleaning staff .we will definitely stay again very good price .Great position for the Westend and Oxford Street.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, Comfortable",I stay here whenever I can find a good deal. Location is excellent - Tottenham Court tube and British Museum only minutes away. You can walk down Charing Gross and be in Covent Garden in less than ten minutes. There's a bar and 24 hour cafe on site. Rooms are small but comfy. Look forward to staying here again.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Value for Money,"Its a comfortable no frills hotel with friendly staff. One of the biggest pros is the location. Place is a walking distance from British Museum, Leister Square etc. Also mins away from the underground making commuting easy including to and from Heathrow.  We got the basic rooms pretty small but we were happy with it. It had all the amenities and we got a quieter room on the sixth floor.. breakfast was basic but available on busy days please go early.  Wifi works but we had to pay for more reliable and faster wifi.  ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not what we expected ,Based 5 mins from Oxford Street. Very central location. A great spot if you just want access to the center of London. Fouud the rooms small. Had no AC in room. So had window open. Which meant the noise of central London. Location location location ,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal hotel for theatre trip,Stayed 1 night for a weekend theatre trip. Rooms were adequate but nothing special. Clean and tidy. Good breakfast. Staff were nice and pleasant. Overall a nice hotel ideal for theatreland and short stays.,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short Stay,"On arrival check in was quick and easy Reception staff very helpful.  Room was lovely, everything you needed.  Air con fully working, window overlooked side street. Lots of hanging space, bathroom was spotless.  Bed was very comfy with lots of storage space if you are here for more that 1 evening.  Our stay was 2 nights and I will be returning to this hotel on our next trip to this hotel.  Breakfast was amazing, as much as you want to eat for a very good price, to set you up for the day.  Right in the heart of the West End, Soho , Covent Garden, China Town and everything within walking distance and Oxford Street was 2 mins walk.  What more could you ask for, no tubes to catch and lots of sightseeing can be done from here.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Harry Potter Studios Visit! Superb Location!,St Giles was a fantastic hotel. Location was superb! Primark right across the street which was great for shopping and Harry Potter fans as there was an entire floor dedicated to Harry Potter. Underground trains was 300m from our hotel which was our main use of transport to and from airport and to the Harry Potter Studios. Theatre 300m from the hotel too. There are loads of bars and places to eat all around the hotel it’s location alone gets 5 star! The reception area is beautiful but our room was quite small. I was glad of the small side window. Everything was very clean but again room size isn’t great. Beds and towels were cleaned and replaced every day so cleanliness was super! We thought access to the pool would have been free as we were residents in the hotel but we had to…,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value Hotel - Ideal for an overnight Theatre break,"My wife & I visited London to see Motown The Musical and stayed at the St Giles Hotel for 1 night on 23 July 2018. The hotel is well situated for an overnight stay following a visit to the West End with a number of theatres within easy walking distance. In addition, Covent Garden , Trafalgar Square & Buckingham Palace are only minutes away. The room we had was ideal for an overnight stay. It was clean and benefited from air conditioning which was well welcome as the temperature in London was in excess of 30 degrees centigrade.  The buffet breakfast was satisfactory with a good selection to chose from. The free safe in the room was an added benefit. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central location,A very reasonably priced central  Hotel. Friendly enough reception staff. The room who was nothing flash very small but it was clean. If I had been staying longer I would have asked for a bigger room but for a one night stopover it did the job. No aircon which was a definite downside as the room was boiling.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"I have visited this hotel twice and was not disappointed with anything for the price, if you want 5 star pay the price. From the minute we arrived we were treated personally and bags taken to reception for us where it was quick, efficient and very polite staff and directed to our room Room was a bit smaller on this visit but adequate, I only sleep there and beds were very comfortable.plenty of storage for your clothes. Bathroom was very nice, very clean and plenty of hot water Hotel has 3 restaurants, very reasonably priced and you do get a book with discount vouchers in. There is also a swimming pool and gym but can’t comment as we didn’t use these facilities Breakfast was plentiful and staff were very efficient  Hotel is in a great location, easy walking distance or if you…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay!!,Stayed here for a weekend in a city room..after reading different reviews we were a bit apprehensive but the key thing here is you get what you pay for. Our room was great..bedtoom area a bit small but we had AIR CON and a fan..a seperate sitting area..two tvs.lovely shower..clean.checked in at 12 and was offered a room straight away.a brilliant location.lovely restaurants onsite.would definately recommend for somewhere to stay central.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A few nights in the city,"We decided to stay in London after a long overnight flight from Cuba. My partner had already stayed in this hotel and had highly recommended it so he booked it again.Although very ugly from the outside it was lovely inside. We were there for 3 nights. The reception staff were happy to try and get us a room slightly earlier than normal check in and while we went for breakfast and waited the concierge was extremely helpful offering to take our bags. We checked in early. Our room was very clean and plain but tastfully decorated. It was a small room and thankfully we had a fan as there was very little air as our room and one of the hottest weekends,it was positioned deep into the building (no view)but we weren’t intending in hanging about our room. The hotel is perfectly positioned…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good price for the location,"We chose this hotel due to it being lower cost than other hotels while still being walkable to interesting areas in London.  The outside of the hotel is terrible.  It looks depressing. Inside, the lobby is very nice and the staff is friendly and helpful.  The elevators are slow so we took the stairs most of the time.  The rooms are on the small side making it hard for two people to move around at the same time.  One person always needs to sit on the bed to let the other one by.  There is no AC so you need to open the window and use the fan to cool off at night. Our room was over a street (Great Russell St) that was noisy from interesting characters that roam the streets late at night.  Bicycle taxi drivers also hang out below and blast music into the wee hours.  Breakfast at the…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central location,"Just spent 3 nights at the st Giles yes the rooms are on the small side but very clean, clean towel every day tea and coffee topped up every day we were their sight seeing and to take in a show so didn’t,t spend a lot of time in the room, could not fault the breakfast plenty of choice and the location is spot on we didn’t,t use the tube once as a lot of the sights are within walking distance I would definitely stay here again we could see the London eye from our room",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, friendly staff ","Upon reading the reviews for this hotel, myself and partner began to worry about what we had let ourselves in for! The hotel is scruffy looking from the outside and isn’t the most attractive inside but don’t let this put you off, perfectly situated on oxford street right by the tube. Very friendly staff, we were asked which floor we would like to stay on and offered help with bags. Room was average size with small bathroom, window small to open but fan to hand, did the job and wasn’t too noisy. Plenty of towels and tea and coffee. Stayed for 2 nights and had no issues. Nice bar to drink in if you don’t want anything too heavy. Upon checking out we had a late train so the staff let us leave our bags in reception. Will definitely be booking to stay here again when we next visit…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well located budget hotel,"Lets start with the negatives. The rooms are tiny and there is no air conditioning, but they are kept clean. The room came with a fan in an attempt to combat a rare British summer. From our visit that is about it for the negatives. The staff were really friendly and helpful, the inclusive breakfast is ok with plenty of choice. The location is ideal for all the usual sights, just a couple of tube stops to anywhere. You get a free safe in the room, which I managed to block, the staff sorted that within minutes. The concierge allowed us to store our bags, free of charge after check out so we could squeeze in a bit more sight seeing. The staff are very very helpful",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect little hotel in a good location,Location was great and pretty central. It was easy enough to get to on the tube from Heathrow. I Traveling around from here was easy and the tube stops were very close. There are a few cute restaurants and bars close as well. The hotel room was decently sized for Europe. The bed was comfy and the room was quiet. It was perfect for my 2 night stay.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Run down Hotel,"This was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Threadbare carpets, very tiny room where two people could not be on the same side of the room. Makeshift shelves of low height and invariably acquire a bump on the head. Not recommended although very nice staff.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent place to stay,"I stayed here for one night with my daughter (6) and was incredibly impressed by the service, from check in and throughout our stay. The staff we encountered were all very helpful, especially on the check in desk. Our room (9th floor) was very comfortable, lovely bed, no noise as so high up and a nice view. For the price I was very pleased, breakfast included was very good too. I'd definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but average hotel!,Arrived at this hotel as part of a theatre break. The location for the theatres of London is excellent.  The check in was quick and easy even though the hotel was extremely busy. The room was small but clean however the electrics appear to have been wired up incorrectly that meant the bathroom light was constantly on and could only be switched off when all of the lights were switched off. There were insufficient towels for two people. The weather was very warm and the fan provided did not work properly and made no difference to the heat in the room. On Saturday morning (28th. July) we were informed that there had been a leak in the kitchen and that there was no breakfast. No alternatives were offered by the staff that meant we had to find our own breakfast and pay for it when it…,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This is just 1 min from Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street, and perfect for exploring London. Friendly check in staff. Ok room, not too spacious, but clean and with aircondition and fridge. Good beds. Unfortunately there was some sort of fan just outside our window, which was disturbing, but else, the floor was quiet and not too much from the streets either.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Stay!,"Had a wonderful 3 night stay in an executive room with air con, fridge, safe, ironing board and iron. Lovely modern bathroom with powerful shower. Comfortable king bed. Asked for quiet room and got exactly that. Never waited long for a lift. All staff very helpful and polite. Would certainly go back but always to an executive room. Nearly cancelled because of some very negative reviews. So glad I didn't!",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great find,"My family and I use this hotel regularly for trips to London as we have found the location and price is most reasonable. The location of this hotel is just off oxford street meaning you can basically walk to most tourist attractions, the rooms are typically small but always clean and the staff are always super friendly.  We have visited this hotel a number of times and have never been let down and will continue to visit for the future.  Also the breakfasts are amazing! ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Enjoyable stay, great location. ","We very much enjoyed our two night stay at the Giles Hotel. The hotel is superbly located beside the tube, close to west end shows and convenient to Oxford Street. Our stay coincided with the summer heatwave, and thankfully our room was very well air conditioned which provided much needed relief from the sweltering heat outside. The check in staff were also very friendly and gave a good first impression of the hotel.  One minor criticism would be the length of the waiting time for the hotel elevators which are almost always busy. Other than that we would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing experience,My cousin and I stayed a night there. The pictures of the rooms on the website are misleading. The check in desk did not give us any information and were found to be unwelcoming. We were given a tiny room. I couldn’t bear to sit in there for even 10 minutes. One side of the bed had no side table so I had to place everything on the floor. The lifts were very slow. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to any of my friends.,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"After a long flight from Australia, it was a little disappointing on arrival at the hotel at 6am, after paying for the extra night to be able to check in early, that reception was unable to process our room (even with the booking confirmation!!) A manager had to be called to sort everything in the end. Exhausting.   To find our room we were instructed to swap lifts and use what appeared to be a tiny service lift, but instructions were not clear and ended up walking up flights of stairs with all our luggage. The hotel for the most part is not air conditioned, so in summer it wasn’t pleasant outside the room. The room was small but nice on the rooftop floor. Missing a few amenities (wine glasses/corkscrew/exhausts in the bathroom) but still a pleasant stay. Beautiful view from the…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleased! Better than I thought 🙂,"My husband booked two rooms for us and our daughter for two nights when we visited London for our silver anniversary. I was a bit hesitant to be honest because I usually book the hotels and this didn’t look to be my usual standard. However I have to speak as I find and say I was pleasantly surprised. Although I thought some parts could do with an update it was clean and well equipped. Breakfast was nothing fancy but plentiful and hot. We found all the staff to be polite and helpful. It’s a busy hotel in a very busy part of London so noise from outside is to be expected, but it wasn’t a real problem even with the window open at night due to the hot weather. We would definitely stay here again but maybe upgrade from a basic room next time for a bit more space and that invaluable…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London First Timers,"St.Giles London came recommended by our travel agent in Australia and the location is PERFECT if you're into the theatre as it is surrounded by many being in the west end of London.  Sadly, we are not into the theatre so much but the location of the hotel was close to the subway and many restaurants and bars. It was within walking distance to the Hop-on-Hop-off tourist bus stop and if you enjoy walking, not too far to the lovely Thames River precinct. The hotel itself is extremely busy to the point there was very limited interaction with the staff after check-in.  The room itself was tiny and really could have done with a small bar fridge to be able to keep a drink cold, albeit our stay was in the peak of an unusually hot summer.  The room came with a small fan and even with the…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for a short stay,"Myself and Mother stopped in St Giles Hotel (myself for 1 night, my mother for 3 Nights) and although the hotel rooms are small and basic, it seemed clean and cosy. My Mum does suffer from claustrophobia and she did find the rooms, due to their size, did make her feel claustrophobic and she had to go out of the rooms a few times to breath and calm down. So I wouldn’t advise if anyone does suffer from this. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"The first room we were given was on first floor, small, dark and not a very good outlook. It was,exceptionally hot due to the weather and this room didn’t have air conditioning, so we asked to move. The room on fifth floor wasn’t much better, but it did have air con after a fashion. Room needed a bit of TLC, but ok for one nights stay. Breakfast was good.  Staff friendly & helpful.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Thorpe park visit,"Stayed at this hotel as the Shark hotel situated within Thorpe Park was fully booked.  Arrived after a fun day at the Park, didn't have to wait too long to check in. On checking in we were told we had been upgraded to an executive suit. Although once in the room I wouldn't personally have called it ""executive"" having stayed in quite a few hotels down to work. However the room was clean and comfortable. That comfortable we slept through all of our alarms, and was only woken thanks to housekeeping.  An enjoyable stay close to both Thorpe Park and Heathrow airport.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but noisy,"Hotel is in a great location, near Tottenham station and walking distance to a lot of attractions. Staff were very helpful with check-in and with our luggages. Breakfast was ok but if you value quality over quantity, I would choose the coffee shops outside. It has a lot of rooms so it could get busy and may take some time waiting for the elevators. Both the room and the bathroom is quite small. Actually the shower stall is really tight as I have to mind myself when turning around in the shower (this is even small compared to hotels in Tokyo). Fixtures in the bathroom is quite old as the toilet seat was coming apart and I had to use force to pull up the faucet lever. The worst part was there was no A/C. They give you a small fan which doesn't really help much in July. You also…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,I booked a twin room in May for  July we were given a very small double. We asked to be moved to a twin but we were told that there was not one available. There was time for the hotel to make courtesy  call and allow me make alternative arrangements. No air conditioning just a noisy fan the heat was unbearable and we were unable to sleep.  No toiletries just  all purpose shower gel. Hotel spoilt our trip.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay.,"Just back from another break at the St Giles. Once again, reception staff very friendly and helpful. Double room was small but very clean. Good shower with plenty of hot water. Breakfast was again lovely with plenty of choice. Only down side to this visit was that our room overlooked Tottenham Court Road and as it was very warm at night we had to have the window open because the air con was very noisy. The street noise made sleeping difficult with deliveries to Sainsburys over the road late at night and the usual sirens of police and ambulances right under the window. Apart from that .... perfect.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Make sure to ask for a room with A/C if you travel during summer time,"I booked a small room for 2 nights. The room was tiny (which was fine for me) but keep in mind - small rooms mean REALLY small. There was no A/C, which might be ok during winter/spring but London during July, no rain - it was very hot. Opening the window was limited and the noise from the street was too loud to keep it open at night anyway.  I'm not sure regarding larger/newer rooms, but the small room was old and felt more like a motel.  If your main goal is Soho this hotel is well located (5 minutes walk) and the tube is also very close so you can easily get around.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just about a satisfactory visit,"Simply only staying here due to its location near Heathrow Airport and have an early flight tomorrow. Rooms not too bad but the air con doesn’t work which prevents this being a comfortable stay in this weather at the moment. Carpets and bed covers very old and decor needs updating but it’s relatively clean and the bathroom is lovely. Some tatty furnishing however which needs sorting out and we need more pillows as we were only given one each. Staff have been helpful and efficient though, it’s just the rooms condition which lets it down.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Will never be back again.,"For the £103 per room per night price, I excepted at least a clean room, regardless that it’s London and London prices are higher.  We arrived and the initial wait time for checking us in was over 30 minutes. They told us our party was under a different name, but then turns out after 15 minutes our rooms were booked under our own names.   Next, when we finally got our keys and went to our room, there was hair in the sink, stains up the walls, no air con, a window that would barely open and a tiny box room.  I understand that probably £103 is not much for a room in London, but I really didn’t think that paying £103 would mean a lack of cleanliness!  However, after complaining they did swap our room to a better and cleaner one.  Overall, we did not have a very good experience…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Awful. Smelly, old, terrible staff. ","Stayed here for two nights this month. Booked due to price and wish I’d read some reviews.   I’ll start with the positives; the location is fine. Near Tottenham Court station so access to plenty of London and walking distance to SoHo night scene.   And that’s it.   The room was tiny. I honestly thought I was missing something, like a door to another part of it. The bathroom was probably the same size as the room I was given.   The room absolutely stunk of smoke. You can’t even open the window wide enough to get a breeze through the room.  The two tiny single beds leave no space in the rest of the room and the vanity unit is massive meaning it dominates the entire room but offers nothing. If I was staying there for a month then maybe I’d need all of that hanging space.   The…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Booked a deluxe room excellent value small bedroom but a nice sitting area with a settee, television, fridge, and coffee and tea area of Fully air conditioned which was a must for to the hot weather Good bar downstairs in the lobby which also serves good they offer specials for early diners  They also have a 24 hour restaurant on site which is very handy after a Dow and a few drinks be careful of the optional 10% service charge on the bill",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel with great breakfast,"On our arrival at 9pm we were given a room with a good view over London, however we noticed that the beds hadn't been made and there were towels on the bathroom floor, witnessing that the room had not been cleaned since the last guest had checked out. We got a new room, which was slightly smaller and didn't have a good view.  Other than that we had good service from the staff and the breakfast buffet is one of the best I've experienced on my travels. I'd recommend to go there purely for the breakfast. There is also a bar adjacent to the hotel which is open 24/7.  It is located about 5 minutes walk from Tottenham Court road tube station which was ideal for us to get to all the best parts of London without too much hassle.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good stay in central London,"Very well located hotel in central London, within walking distance of major attractions. The hotell is not new but it is remodeled. The rooms are not large but comfortable, especially the beds and pillows. Good breakfast. The hotel is large and has many rooms and the use of elevators, especially at rush hour in the morning, is very troubled. We could never get down from our floor elevator to the lobby because they were having temporary technical problems.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor quality hotel,"It does not worth the price it cost, very old and small room, quite noisy.  lobby looks nice but rest of the hotel is not even similar. we had problems with the booking and takes so long registration.  Very good location do not think I book there anymore.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okay hotel but no AC,"We came in July, the lobby looks nice and remodeled. The room we stayed in is rather small but expected for the price and for prime Londo location.  Otherwise everything you need is here.  Mostly is the lack of AC in July, given London at night is not that hot, but still we had to have a fan on all night (inside the closet).  The shower is a bit clogged.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Such a mess. ,"First of all they lost my booking information and asked me to pay for the room, only then to realize they had charged me twice. Staff were very rude (Pablo in particular, who went on break in the middle of checking me in and asked me to get in the queue again. Honestly I don’t know how they can even employ someone like that). The rooms are tiny, no air conditioning and not particularly clean.   Location is good but I can not recommend this hotel. Check in takes ages, it’s not clean and you’ll be treated poorly. Do not visit. ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central location,"Went to London with friends for a two day trip and the location of this hotel is ideal, being just a two minute walk from Tottenham Court Rd underground. It is also just ten minutes walk from China Town so it was easy to travel from this location.  Rooms are clean and tidy if a bit on the small side, staff are very helpful, and it also has a 24 hr bar that also serves snacks.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed Visit,"Myself and my husband stayed here for 3 nights as it was a central hotel and near Hyde Park where we were at an event.  The reception is nice easy to check in but that’s where the quality ends.  The rooms are very small with dated basic furniture bathroom very small. There’s no air conditioning so you can imagine how hot it was in there with the recent hot spell. They did provide a fan but it was still very hot.  Breakfast was an experience to say the least. You are greeted each morning by a lady to take your room number then you have to find somewhere to sit yourself, it’s carnage at busy times, and very uncomfortable walking round to find a seat. The food is very poor quality. The cooked breakfast was Beverly basic and cheap ingredients, best part was the bacon however. The…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location & Comfy,"This place isn’t 5 star but but for a centrally located place walking distance to loads of attraction and the tube station within 200 meters, extremely reasonably priced accommodation with comfy beds, good hot showers that is clean.... I would stay here again. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Double money,My daughter and son in law booked this hotel for me a along with train and theatre tickets. They had paid for the room prior to my arrival. When we checked in they said the room was not paid for and after lengthy phone calls and my son in law e-mailing them his receipt I ended up paying again on my card. He has since tried to have his money refunded but is meeting with resistance. at the same time as we were checking in a guest arrived at the next desk to check in for 3 days and she had confirmation of this but was told she had only booked for two days. Hardly filled us with confidence. the rest of the hotel looks ok from the inside but the rooms are stuffy and small so don't take your cat if you intend to swing it as there isn't room. The bed is the smallest double. the staff…,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad experience ,"We didn’t enjoy our stay in this hotel where the rooms and bathrooms were  tiny, the room’s temperature was suffocating (although the outside temperature was rather cool)the bed  was small and too soft and the pillows too hard. ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Spot on 💕,"Picked an excellent choice of hotel for our 3day sight seeing trip to London. St Giles is a prime location for underground access. 🤗 On arrival the staff were most helpful and welcoming offering assistance with luggage (which I accepted)  Our room was up on the 11th floor and we found it clean and comfortable, I was very impressed with the air con (super efficient) and the fridge served us well, (the bathroom shower wasn't up to much though) but we made do. Can't comment on the food,  we left the hotel before breakfast eating on the go in order to avoid lengthy queues at the main attractions, but can definitely recommend the Steakhouse at Covent Garden 👍🏻👍🏻 We packed so much into 3days sightseeing, making full use of the London Underground  (get yourself an Oyster card) and…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mrs,"I booked this hotel a few months ago for 2 nights as we were attending Hyde Park Concert. Price was quite competitive for London and no awful reviews read beforehand. The hotel is about as Central as you can get, nowhere too far and many places within walking distance, Covent Garden , Leicester Square etc Tottenham Court Rd Tube is just 2 mins walk. Our Double room was on 2nd floor, although had requested a high floor. No problem though as we got in our room before 2pm. I can only say the room was a furnace. I think it was the hottest weekend to be fair but air con was a waste of time and mega noisy. Thankfully a Fan was provided but was still very uncomfortable fir the time we were in room getting ready etc. Hospitality tray was a little sparse also, plenty Green Tea if you…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to a lovely bakery Ole & Steen,"I arrived on a very hot day in London. A porter assisted me with my suitcase the minute I stepped out of the taxi. My heart sank as I saw the queue to check in and I had somewhere else to be across London, but they had several check in desks open so we moved quickly. I was given my room key, went to the 3rd floor, found my room only to discover the Air Con Engineer was working in there and that he would be another hour at least. Back to reception, explained the situation and I was given another room on the 2nd floor without quibble. I did notice that away from the rather plush reception area that some of the carpets are a bit tired looking. My room was small, but I had booked a single room, but it was lovely & clean. Bed was comfy. The wardrobe had a small safe for valuables. No…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good,"Stayed here with my friend for 2 nights at the end of June and we had an enjoyable stay. Staff were friendly and accommodating, the hotel is very centrally located off Tottenham Court Rd and there are many food and shopping options around to keep you busy. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Shabby, dated but centrally located","Stayed for one night due to business.   Check in fine. Ate meal in hotel restaurant for convenience due to long journey - not particularly great quality, but with £4 for can of Sprite (served as a can and glass) seemed excessive.   Corridors tired. Room tired and seemed a bit like student accommodation. Nothing wrong with it particularly, but I'd have been disappointed if the stay had been for a special occasion.   Very well located for Central London and close to Tube. ",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location - that's about it !,Booked this hotel through The Show and Stay website . Location is good - one of the reasons we booked it . Two minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube . Check in was quick . However on getting to our room we realised that the person who checked us in hadn't advised us of breakfast times and check out times - there isn't any information at all in the rooms . Our room was dreadful . We have stayed in London many times and this is probably the worse hotel we have ever stayed in . Our room was extremely noisy as we were close to the lifts which were constantly bleeping their arrival . Even on the 7th floor noise could be heard from the street as there wasn't any double glazing . There isn't any air con so we had a portable fan in the room which again was too noisy - so very little…,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location- yes. Hotel - no,"Great location and very nice looking reception area but the rooms at tired, cramped and noisy. Housekeeping came the second day and made our bed but didn’t top up milk or coffee supplies. Air conditioners in the room are loud and the low setting is too high to leave on all night but the rooms are stuffy without it. Street noise is constant as the windows aren’t double glazed. Wouldn’t book again. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The only hotel for me in london,"I’ve realised that I only come to London if I can book in at St Giles. I tend to book late through booking.com and if they are booked up I’ll ring direct. It’s an incredibly busy hotel but I can see why . It’s friendly , clean , welcoming and incredibly well run. I’ve managed hotels , owned bars and would definitely employ st giles staff . They are smiley, caring and well groomed. They all look the part . An international staff crew ran by extremely professional people . Very few blips . VQ restaurant and Hudson bar compliment the Hotel. My advise to anyone reading this? Book stay and enjoy it will be a very memorable stay . I stay at least 10 times a year and plan on being here on my 60th Birthday. August .  Michael Yeomans room 2-67 ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"Well its all about location for the St Gile's ,perfectly located for short shopping trip or to catch a show.Rooms as expected very small,but well equipped ,clean and comfortable beds.Breakfast was good,plenty of seating .Had an issue with room safe not working and maintenance called within 10mins.We stayed on the 6th floor ,landings ,hallways in need of decorating.Check out was easy and we left our bags for pick up later in the day,there's a lounge area where we could could charge our phones before we left for our return trip.I would highly recommend .",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location!,"Great location, next door to the dominion theatre, at the foot of oxford street and only a 2 minute walk from the tube station. Lovely reception area but rooms are quite small and a bit dated, however the rooms are clean and well maintained.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but ok and ideal location ,"Not the biggest room ever  Clean and tired but ok for bang centre London A stone throw from Tottenham Court Road tube and a 20 min walk from Euston. Plus has parking if you drive down. Did not eat or drink there, purely used as base for 2 nights. 5 - 10 min walk and in theatre ville, and all that entails (food / eating) Sainsbury’s across round for supplies.  Macs 2 mins for breakfast Oxford St 2 1/2 minutes or technically 2 mins.  Room was very small and any duration stay you’d struggle.  The only gripe was the lifts took ages  For a weekend London break without paying silly money, then recommend.  ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for plus an unfriendly staff!,"Spent 3 days at this hotel in july.  The bad: the staff - everyone was so unfriendly every time i encoutered them - from check-in to questions. I travelled in spain, italy, ireland and london and they were by far the most unfriendly!. The hotel feels gross - going up the elevators and the halls feel worse than a college dorm room after a raunchy weekend. Also paid 5 Pounds to use the gym they advertise as part of the hotel.  The good: the price for london; the room was Very small but it was totally functional - refrig, hair dryer, closet, 2 seperate mini rooms. The location is also good - easy to hop on the tube and right next to oxford street. You can walk 1 mile up oxford street and hit Hyde park/marble square.  If you can ignore the people and just need a functional place to…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great staff but room let the stay down,"Although I was only here for a night and I did book it up many months before to get a good price, I came away disappointed. The check-in and the friendly staff made this a good start. As it was very hot I asked for a room with air conditioning but none were available. I would have paid extra for it. It was a single room and if you like your sink in the shower, then that’s fine but this space saver makes it impractical. There was a fan in the room but due to the window being tethered by a cable as it was on the 5th floor, there was very little air and the heat built up to make sleep almost impossible. Perhaps I’m a bit naive but I would have thought most hotels in central London would have had this feature. It was a great location and all the reception and concierge were great.…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to the tube.,"The St. Giles Hotel in London was located close to the tube (subway).  The rooms are small and the lifts as small and very busy.  This is a location used by many tour groups.  The public restrooms smelled like they were never cleaned.  The food for breakfast was pretty basic, but because of the tour groups here, it was extremely crowded and they usually ran out of eggs.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stay in London St Giles Hotel,"We were visiting London to watch the Harry Potter & The Cursed Child play. My friend had booked this hotel for four people (2 rooms), we stayed on the 9th Floor, and the room was excellent, clean and tidy, essentials were there (tea/coffee and bed). We did not have breakfast included, instead we walked 10 minutes to Carnaby Street and ate in a restaurant called The Diner Soho, really good food. The hotel is 2 minutes walk from Tottenham Court underground, and about 10 - 15 minutes to Oxford Circus (if you are wanting to walk down all the shops). I would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Holiday visit for 10 days,The location is fantastic in the middle of all attractions and hot spots. My wife an I really enjoyed our stay. It is true the rooms are small but it did not really matter to us. The staff are friendly. the rooms are clean. One improvement can be the breakfast. Typical English breakfast although good but the same every day with no change kind of boring if you are staying for long period.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip,This hotel is excellent by location!! Its close to all the touristic places and close to a tube station The room is small but you wont stay in it! Good vibe Someone wrote not to sleep by the elevator It was a good advise!! Im still here.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A little tired,"Well, location *is* fantastic, but the room was tired, pretty small and stiflingly hot.  Full of tour parties, so catching a lift at peak times was well nigh impossible, and wasn't exactly cheap.  Have stayed in miles better for the same price via apps like HotelTonight.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"My wife and I visited London to do a guided rock tour and to see the bat out of hell west end show . The location was perfect , the food was good but the rooms were too small . The rooms have no air con which meant having to have the windows open which was not ideal with such noisy streets outside. The breakfast was ok but not great but the all night cafe was a good touch. Would I stay here again …yes but only because the location was so good .",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"Stayed here last week in a twin room.  Really easy to get to from London City Airport on public transport - approx. 25 mins door to door.  Arrived early for check-in intending to leave our bags and come back later but receptionist was really helpful and friendly and said our room was ready and we could check-in straight away, which was great.  Room was bigger than I expected from reading previous reviews.  Bathroom was big with a full bath/shower.  Room and bathroom were very clean.  Beds were very comfortable.  There were tea/coffee making facilities in room, flat screen tv and a fan.  Even though we were there in the height of the heatwave we did not need to use the fan as the open window was enough.  The only downside of the room was that there was no fridge, which would have…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is EVERYTHING ,"We walked everywhere by foot. Soho, covent garden, oxford street... everything was so close, and there’s a tube 2 minutes walk from the hotel. The room itself was cleaned everyday. Basic hotel for sleep only, which is exactly what you need in London. Will be back! ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Back again!,"Yet another stay at St Giles Hotel. Everything was again to our satisfaction. A friendly check in, cannot thank the concierge (Chris) & team enough for their ongoing help & advise. If any issue the room was very small but comfortable for our short stay. However we will request an upgrade twin room on our next visit to London. As always we had a meal in Hudson House, again very nice. This hotel is so convenient for us 'oldies' to Oxford Street, theatre land, Covent Garden & restaurants etc. We fully recommend this hotel especially for the convenience.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Everything about our trip to this hotel was brilliant, from the concierge running out to take our suitcases to the reception staff who where lovely! We had the breakfast and that too was delicious! Okay our room was small but it was purely a base to visit London and this hotel is right in the centre of everything! All in all a brilliant trip and would definitely stay there again. Good value.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mum & Daughter theatre weekend ,"From the second we arrived and the concierge took our bags and showed us to the check in desk, to us leaving and the concierge going out of his way to flag us down a taxi the staff were extremely helpful & friendly.   The room was basic & compact but kept clean throughout our stay & was a welcome base in a fantastic location for a busy weekend.  The room we had on 11th floor hadn’t been upgraded to include air conditioning but to be fair we never asked for it either.  The breakfast provided was plentiful and had variation to cater for any appetite from cereal & fresh fruit, cold meats, cheese & pastries to a full cooked breakfast.   I would definitely visit this hotel again, for a 3* hotel in central London this gets 5/5 from me.   ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Location is everything about this hotel. Rooms are small but clean enough. Air conditioning is starting to be rolled out. The bar is quite a cool place. Hotel is handy for theatres, shopping and Soho.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location!,"We decided to book the St Giles Hotel through booking.com as we research how far it was from the Palace Theatre which is where we had tickets for. After my 5 hour journey from Wales I arrived at the hotel to check in. We had booked it as a book now and pay at the property, when I went to check in they said I had to pay for the room before having the keys which I understood, even though I wasn't paying for it I put it on my credit card so I could go up to the room and chill out before my mother arrived from Scotland.  The room was very compact and quaint and did exactly what we wanted it to do, over the few days we were there we were probably in there for about an hour or 2 throughout the day and then didn't get back till 11pm. Luckily it had air con as the weather was scorching,…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top location ,"Stayed here for 2 nights 29/6. Walking in, it looked lovely with a modern decor, welcoming bar and restaurant to the left, we were checked in by a lovely lady (great air conditioned lobby) and made our way up to the twelfth floor (room 1233) in the lift. The lift only goes 11 floors but there is a tiny walk up a flight of stairs or a very small lift ride to the next floor. The room was small but adequate for our needs of the weekend. I will say that I don’t think the actual bedroom went with the front of house and bar etc. Even the bathroom was modern but maybe they will update the bedrooms later or just haven’t got up to the 12th floor! Anyway it was a hot weekend in London with no air con in our room - there was a fan that made a creaking sound all night but we made do, we…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Holiday ,"St. Giles is a perfect location to get around London. Close to the tube , buses and within walking distance of Piccadilly Circus, shops and restaurants. Our room was clean and quite. The hotel has 3 great places to eat all attached to it. Friendly and helpful staff! While we were there it became extremely packed with a lot of teenagers but I can honestly say we didn’t hear any noise and had a good nights sleep. Yes, the room was small, but you are only there to sleep. Although the hotel is somewhat outdated it is still very clean. I would stay at St. Giles again because of location, cleanliness and friendly helpful staff! ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than expected ,"After reading a lot of the bad reviews on here I was very sceptical about staying here, but I was pleasantly surprised! Yes, the lobby gives a false sense of the hotel as the corridors are a little run down, and some of the rooms are a little tired in terms of decor, but the room I stayed in was pretty nice. I found that staff were helpful and friendly and the cleaners did a nice job in our room. Breakfast was ok too but not amazing. If you're looking for somewhere cheap to stay you can't get much better location than this, and for a 3 star I'd say this hotel is good. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Love it,"I've stayed at St. Giles a total of 5 times now I believe, and I still love it. Been here both with my family and with my boyfriend. The rooms are okay, not the best but definitely worth it for the price and the location (which is amazing, by the way).   You have to pay for wifi, which is a bit of a negative. The breakfast has been a bit different the times I've been there. Last time it was great, but it has been awful before as well.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basically Good,"My daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights and found this hotel completely acceptable. There are things that could be improved but in the whole it was fine.   I think a lot could be improved in this hotel with just a little effort and thought.   Good Points: - great location - clean - air con in room - good double glazing - mini fridge for anything chilled you may buy from the very handy Sainsbury’s over the road - safe - extra little ‘dressing room’ - plenty available for breakfast - the room, although not enormous, was comfortable enough - extra pillows and blankets supplied in room - 9th floor, great skyline views  - back of hotel on the quieter side  Not So Good Points: - The shower curtain rail had been installed underneath the shower head. This made it impossible to move…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Just returned from a night at this hotel,  my second vist.  Had a wonderful stay as last time.  There isn't anything I can complain about. All the staff are extremely friendly and go out of there way to help.  I know some people have complain about the size of the rooms ....but for the price and the location what do they expect. I will be booking to stay here again in early January confident that I will have a great stay at a good quality hotel, in a central London location at a great price.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but nice,"Very, very, very small rooms so if you are travelling with a friend or your significant other, make sure not to bring big baga with you. The restaurant is nice, it has a pool and a casino. Theres also a 24hr restaurante called VQ that is very good but expensive.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location with friendly staff.,"The hotel is what it is.  Small rooms but you don't spend your time in your room so perfect really.  The staff were very helpful and friendly.  The rooms are clean and tidy, bed was a bit short, my partner is 6ft and his feet were on the very edge. But overall a good hotel to stay at if you intend to be out sightseeing.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic but perfect location,"We spent 4 night at this hotel. It was ok, we weren't in it much as it is perfect location to the tube or if you like a walk Leicester Sq, Soho etc aren't too far from it. We didn't eat at the hotel as we were always out but there is a cute cafe at the corner which was lovely to eat or get coffee in the mornings and lots of food eateries around the area but we ate at Leicester Square mostly,  try the little Lebanese Restarant beside the Gentlemen's Club, it's stunning food (photo below) for lunch & the loveliest staff as you watch the buskers and London life.  We did have a few drinks in the hotel bar downstairs  & the bar staff were more engaging than the hotel staff, not that we needed much from them to be honest as upon arriving we realised this was going to be a basic…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very bad stay, crowded, unclean and unhelpfull","I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights from 18th June – 21 June 2018. On my arrival, there was very long check in times, and confusion about how my booking had been paid which resulted in me waiting over 40 minutes, at the end of which there apparently was no issue.   The rooms were very small and dated, and not overly clean. When I requested a fan for my room this took over an hour even though I was told it would be a couple of minutes.   Also after staying in my room for 2 nights I had an allergic reaction/been heavily bitten by something, leaving my arms, legs and neck covered in red marks. The hotel hesitated to change my room and then were very stand offish when I tried to complain. The duty Managers (San and Aroa) were apologetic and promised this would be looked into and I…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Trip,"My granddaughter and I went to London to see a show in the west end. We stayed one night at the St Giles hotel. I was very happy with our stay. There were three restaurants in the hotel, one was open 24 hours that was the one we used. We had something to eat when we get in about 10.30pm, then had breakfast before leaving the next day. Everything was very good clean and comfortable. The staff very friendly and the food very good. Overall very happy with our stay ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location. But not more than that.,"We stayed at the St Giles for 4 nights. The location is perfect, and that is what you pay for. Everything you need is right outside the door. The rooms are very small, old and worn. There is a safety box, electric water boiler and a fan, no air conditioner, and a fan for your hair. House keeping is ok. Breakfast ok too, they are quick to pick up dishes but it´s quite stressfull environment and loud noises in the breakfast room. Lots of personel in all areas, but many of them really should work on their manners and wish guests a good morning, say hello and give a smile every now and then. The lifts system is bad, long waiting every time. There is a gym and pool available but for this you have to pay extra. Restaurants and bars are avalible too. We only had a drink at the bar.…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This us a busy hotel but perfectly situated just off the Tottenham Court Road so you are within walking distance to the West End, Covent Garden etc. The rooms are comfortable and clean although some of the furnishings could do with a refurbishment.  The staff are effecient but not overly friendly but that did not spoil my stay.  Great Location",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Very popular hotel in a great location, if you plan on visiting the famous sights of the capital this hotel is perfectly located, lovely hotel, friendly staff & very efficient too. Rooms are very clean, bathroom/ shower room spotless, some rooms are quite small so check with the hotel if you prefer a bigger room. Would definately recommend. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy location and broken shower,"I stayed for one night. I lay in bed in the morning thinking if I opened my eyes I would find that my bed had been transported to the middle of a road it building site. So noisy. Got up , tried to shower but had to hold it with one hand. Therefore couldn’t wash hair. Not the best. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A a good experience!,"For such a large hotel, I didn't really know what to expect. Normally I would choose something smaller, I was pleasantly surprised. The location of this hotel was a winner. Tottenham Court tube station was a few minutes away, it made getting around very easy. A taxi rank was outside as an alternative. The room was a twin and although a little on the small side, more than adequate and very clean. The beds were comfortable. There was some noise from the street as it is a very busy area but we managed to sleep through after a day sight seeing! Each floor has it's own ice dispenser which comes into it's own in the Summer.The bar was well stocked with pleasant staff and the wine menu was priced reasonably. Covent Garden and Soho are nearby with the jazz clubs and restaurants. We…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good value,"Rooms pretty small with no air conditioning, but clean and in a good area.  Two mins from tube and Oxford Street, 15 mins walk to covent garden area.  Three reasonable price restaurants; visited two which were good.  Serve gluten free options and knowledgeable about them. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Massive Disapointment,"From the minute we stepped into the calamitous Reception area & had to queue to use the elevator to our 6th floor ""cell"" we had bad vibes about our stay. Asked for another room as this was not what we had paid for when booking, but nothing available apparently? Decided to make the most of it, even though the smallest room we've ever stayed in, not clean, broken facilities & strangers freely walking into your room whilst you're sleeping after 3am, & the desk offering to ""investigate"" & call us back in 10 minutes? Needless to say had no sleep, as every noise, which there are lots of, was imagined to be another guest entering the safety ""safety"" of your bedroom whenever? Tried the alleged internal door lock, but when tried from outside, is simply overiden by the card key, so pretty…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend theatre break to London ,"We stayed at the St Giles Friday to Sunday , room only. A basic room but good shower , clean and comfortable bed and a nice hairdryer. Basic tea and coffee facilities and a tiny TV but but if you are just sleeping there what does that matter? The adjoining Hudson’s bar is great for music and drinks. The reception staff are polite and helpful. The hotel is virtually next door to the Dominion Theatre and Tottenham Court Road Tube Station. You can walk to most places like covent Garden . We. Really enjoyed our stay. Checked out at 10 am and they stored our bags for £1 each for the day until we got our train, we would definitely stay again. The building is brown and 1970s and quite bleak on the  outside but inside it is very nice. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good,"We stayed here on a short visit to London. The hotel is very convenient for places to visit. Our room was pleasant, comfortable and clean, and the breakfast was very good: excellently cooked and plentiful. We would definitely stay here again on future visits to London.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent all round,Great hotel - room  compact and bijou - comfy bed very clean- nice bathroom- clean linen- and adequate for a couple of nights in centre of London. Breakfast was excellent and the service was great. Would defiantly stay there again ,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location (but curtains would be nice!)","I recently stayed for two nights on a work trip. The location is fantastic and it's very reasonably priced however it is incredibly busy, ridiculously noisy and really tired. The first room I was given (412, I think) was so noisy I had to ask to get moved. Roadworks outside finished at 11pm and started at 5.30am the next day. With no double glazing you could hear everything. I was moved to the 12th floor which was quieter however I could now hear the lift so I still needed my ear plugs.   Neither of the rooms I stayed in had curtains and the blinds were useless. I may as well have been camping! As soon as the sun came up my room was flooded with light. The blinds are encased in the window and you operate them with a knob, very odd!   The lifts were broken when I visited meaning…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St giles..exhorbitant price offered to a solo traveller..not recommended,I paid more than gbp150 for a room and when i asked if breakfast has been included in the price they said no..no bottle of water provided.i stayed in good hotels nearby and they offered so many complimentaty services.i will say its a hotel which wants cost reduction and less customer service.stayed in june 2018,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but noisy,","Chose this hotel based on its proximity to the Dominion theatre where we were seeing a show.  It was virtually next door!  We were allocated a double room on the second floor.  Room was quite small, shower room tiny, but it had all we needed.  The bed was rather small too. Additionally as we faced the main road it was very noisy, we had to close the window and there was no air con, but a fan was provided. There are a couple of restaurants on site proving reasonably priced food.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy but a little tired,"One of the busiest ""turnstyle"" Hotels in the West end and badly in need of a ""revamp"". There are few frills but staff friendly. 3 adults stayed for 6 nights in 1 x twin room and 1 x Executive Double.Easy check-in but you may line up for 10 mins when busy. Frustrating room access as not enough lifts for such a busy hotel so be prepared for long waiting times going up and down. Felt like a rabbit warren leading to rooms. Dining areas are very basic and furniture, carpets and decor have all seen better days. Breakfast is self serve and basic. The week we stayed there was either scrambled eggs or scrambled eggs plus usual bacon and hash browns etc. Crowded dining area but service is good. Twin rooms small and cramped with no fridges and no room to store a suitcase. For extra cost…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All round great stay!,"Me & hubby stayed here as we were going to a show. Location was excellent,staff were friendly and with 3 bars/restaurants attached (24hrs) you had lots of choice for eating if you stayed in the hotel rather than go out,although close to lots of bars and restaurants. Room was just right for a couple & a very comfy bed and amazing bathroom with tv in. Really impressed with the hotel/amenities & staff,definitely be returning.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tourist weekend. ,My parents recommended this hotel to us and I’m so glad they did. The staff in the hotel were amazing and so helpful. The location of the hotel is perfect. Only 2 minutes walk from Tottenham court station and you just need to cross to the other side of the road to be on oxford street. Plenty of places to eat and drink round the hotel and also a really nice bar inside the hotel which is reasonably priced. The hotel isn’t too loud so it didn’t disturb sleep. Would definitely recommend people to stay here!!  ,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Good Location,"The hotel is located in the centre of London, very close to main London attractions and theatres. The hotel itself is not the best architectural building. The rooms is not very big and windows are very small but the view is good. The room was not clean properly but check in staff are very kind and helpful. The price is reasonable.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is very good. Perfect location. It. Is near Covent Garden, the British Museum, Leicester square,the underground. The staff was very nice and friendly. Check in was simple and fast . The room was big and comfortable. It didn't have a nice view but that is not important",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay in A Great Location,"i booked this hotel after buying tickets for the Bat out of Hell musical in the Dominion Theatre, the hotel is 150m from the theatre. It wasn't until arriving that we realised how close to a lot of the sights we were, 2 minute walk to oxford street, lots of theatre's within 10 minutes walk, 15 minute walk to trafalgar square etc. the staff were friendly and booking in was painless, the standard rooms are small but the room was clean and comfortable and we slept well. Recommend staying here if visiting the west end",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"Me and my girlfriend stayed here this June as we were visiting London for a city break to be tourists in our own city and also to attend a music concert. Upon arrival we were greeted by friendly, attentive staff and it was a speedy check in. The room itself was small, but extremely clean and the bed was also very comfy - so I can not fault it there.   The location is very central and convenient with Tottenham Court Station being a short 2 minute walk away. It was at the end of Oxford street so this was also convenient, with main attractions such as Covent Garden and Leicester Square only being a 10 minute walk away.  The breakfast served in the 24 hour restaurant was excellent! We also had a couple of drinks in the bar, which was lovely. The atmosphere was relaxed and the drinks…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel,Stayed here on a two day break visiting London.  This hotel is very good and is an excellent central position.  Breakfast was very good.  The evening meal we paid for and you would get a 2-course meal for £9.99 which was excellent value.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central London Hotel,"We came up to London and wanted a hotel that was central to all the places we wanted to visit. Just around the corner was Oxford st, Covent Garden was a 15 minute walk as was Leicester Square. Lots of museums close by, and a cinema around the corner in Tottenham Court Road. The hotel was very nice, the staff were very friendly and efficient. We ate all our meals in the hotel and they were very tasty and reasonably priced. So for a three star rated hotel we were pleasantly surprised and the cost was very affordable. Would we go back if in London again? Definitely!",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,They took payment twice,"Excellent location but clearly staff seem inept to deal with complaints, ive spoken to them on 2 occasions now after they took payment for the room we stayed in twice.   Easy mistake to do, but they can't seem to be able to do a simple refund so here i am having being forced to write a bad review and having to contact my bank to get it forced through.  I have been promised a call back and a refund within a couple of days on 2 occasions.  If they can't do a simple refund i fear how they deal with worse complaints.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and breakfast!,"I fully recommend the St Giles Hotel having just stayed there for 5 nights on a tourist visit to London. A 5 minute easy walk from/to the Tottenham Court underground station and very near Oxford Street, The British Museum, Covent Garden, Piccadilly, etc, etc. the hotel is ideally located for a sightseeing holiday in the capital. The value for money aspect is very good - reasonable charges, including the two snack bar type restaurants we tried in the hotel - and the service is friendly and efficient. We had a problem with our room on the first night - it was on the first floor and near the air-conditioning vent so it was too noisy for us. We requested a change and were given a room on the fifth floor the next day which was much better. If you are going to choose the St Giles I'd…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"Just came back from a 5 night stay at the StGiles and I must say I'm very disappointed! We were on the 8th floor, room was very small even for 2 people. No AC!! I dont know which hotel in 2018 does not have an AC for the amount of money we paid! Breakfast was very blant. No taste! In england one should have the tastiest english breakfast!!  To top it off we were asked to pay to use hotel facilities like the gym! Unbelievable! Paying over €600 and you have to pay for using the gym! Will not recommend this hotel to anyone!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Extremely tiny Room-Very disappointed,"When we arrived at this hotel,the reception was huge,bar was huge ,even the toilets in the reception were huge,much bigger than our room,then we got up to our room (4th floor)I was very disappointed  as the room was tiny,it would just about b enough for 1 person max,i wouldn't be staying again if it was my choice to book it as the Travel agent booked it &reccommended it.The room was very warm,no aircon just a fan,and a tiny  shower,it done the job i suppose but the water wasnt emptying quick enough so you were ankle deep in water throughout your shower. It could probably do with a full length mirror as i had to go into the bathroom mirror to see my top half and back out to the bedroom to see my bottom half in the mirror. the breakfast was ok also,the lifts were very slack as…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre brrak,"Booked a twin and a single room for 2 nights. Hotel looked great in reception and location was fantastic. Staff were really very good and helpful. Breakfast plentiful and tasty. Pub downstairs very good and again staff excellent . The rooms however were tiny, no air con and it was very warm. Duvets must have been the heaviest and doubles on the single beds. The single room was terrible , tiny and the tiniest shower cubicle I’ve ever seen. Twin slightly better but still small. All in all location great but would probably opt for a premier inn as they are much more spacious and definitely cheaper. Needs a fair bit of TLC in the bedrooms and bathrooms to update them. Staff all lovely and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very very basic,"Arrived to the hotel to a nice air conditioned reception. First thoughts we had chose a nice hotel. Checked in all okay a group of 8 of us all at the cost of £109 per room. The moment you leave reception the hotel just gets worse and worse. We get told 2 rooms are floor 9 and two are floor 2 which is not a problem. On route to room 285 the corridors just get smaller and smaller like it’s a disused office building. Each hotel door entrance got smaller and smaller too. In the room it was very basic, bed, pillows and a couple of coat hangers. There was a kettle but no water to put in it. It was too late to look else where for another hotel as had plans booked around London so all dropped our bags off and left.. On return at night we tried to sleep without luck as the room was like…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location ,we are just back from a 2 night stay here and the location is amazing! the rooms are acceptable for the price and the only downside was the shower and bathroom as it was small and difficult to use.  the only other bad thing about the hotel was the wait for the lifts after 15 minutes we gave up. the breakfast was good and plenty of choice and the hudson bar was nice and friendly environment and the experienced bar staff made a difference. we will be back! ,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and Price,"Overall we had a good four days in this good location hotel. The reception staff and all other staff are friendly and provide fast check in. Our room was ready when we arrived around 1pm, it's located a minute walk from tottenham metro station and oxford street is just around the corner from the hotel. The British museum is five minute walk, the big bus tour station is also around 5 minute walk from the hotel. From Victoria train station we took subway which was one (maybe two) stop from Victoria station and get off to totenham court station in front of Dominion theatre and just walk 1 minute and you will see the hotel. Good size room (we had twin room), but tiny bathroom, especially the shower, I will advise that you bring shampoo, soap and lotion because the hotel only provide…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay ,"Booked here as wanted to stay nesr the Dominian Theatre.... Wasn't disappointed, perfect location... Also really close to the tube station and lots of shops, bars and restaurants. Room was small but equipped with everything we could have needed for a night's stay. Bed was clean and comfortable, bathroom compact but with a fabulous shower. Would certainly stay again just for the great location. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed for one night only and check in was easy enough as there were no queues. The room was small but adequate and the bathroom the same. The lighting in the room was quite dreadful (but not a deal breaker) and the room could certainly have done with a lick of paint (scuff marks on the wall type of thing). We had a drink in Hudson's bar in the evening, and after seeing the menu left in the room, we decided to eat in the hotel as the prices seemed very reasonable. It was a great idea, as we had burger fries and salad and it was delicious. Very comfortable bed so a good night's sleep - and breakfast next morning was served 7am until 11am, so a good 4 hours to get your meal. There was the usual continental type food, as well as hot food consisting of scrambled egg, bacon, sausage,…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break,"Firstly, the location of this hotel is simply fabulous. Two minutes from the Tottenham Court Road tube station which gives easy access to the major train and bus stations and connections to airports. Also literally across the road to the start of Oxford street with its selection of shops. Bang in the middle of restaurants , pubs and theatres!  The hotel itself was also good....the staff were friendly and very helpful. The rooms, though smallish, were well appointed, clean and the bed very comfortable. Loved the bar area too. The only negative for me was that you were asked to leave your key in reception when you went out....but it’s such a busy hotel that I invariably had to queue for at least 15 minutes to retrieve it again. There was only one queue so you were waiting behind…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent concierge service,"My daughter and I recently travelled to London.  I was in need of a wheel chair.  The concierge were great in helping us store it every day and ensure that it was ready for us in the morning.   This hotel is very central, just off Oxford Street and just down the road from Covent Garden, Soho, Leicester Square. Our room was adequate in size for a short break.  Clean and comfortable beds. Breakfast is very busy around 9am so we would recommend eating either side of that time as there were no tables available. Would definitely stay again when travelling to London.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, in parts a little tired","Checked in, given key which didn’t open door so had to return to check in and get another key. Staff were apologetic but how had can it be to programme the right key a completely different room had been programmed. Not to worry back upto room. Room was clean an tidy but decor looked tired. It was certainly very dated in design. Room was on the small side but ok for 1 night. Bathroom looked recently refurbished but was cramped.   Breakfast the next morning was average. Bacon was a bit like cardboard, but staff friendly and helpful when one off the juice machines was not working. Toast was precooked and not as fresh as I’d have liked, but hey first world problems here. Overall stay was ok. Stayed at better but at this price point it was what I expected.   On the plus side view…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Stay,"My BFF from school and I stayed at the St Giles for 2 nights in May as part of our 50th Birthday celebrations. The hotel is very clean, in a great location and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. We had a lovely room, number 365, that suited our purpose just fine the beds were comfortable and it had a lovely roomy bathroom and a separate seating/dressing area. Although I have no complaints about our stay I would suggest that the following would make the particular room we stayed in even better, plug sockets for charging are rather sparse and one or two in the bedroom would help. The bath is very high and needs a step to facilitate getting in and out safely and the non slip in the bath needs extending for the same reason, I personally slipped rather badly and bruised my…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central London position and reasonable.,We were just up for the one night in London.  This hotel is good value for money compared to most of the other hotels around that area - just one block's walk from Tottenham Court tube station.  It's a large hotel catering for mass numbers.  Rooms are small but they have all you need for a brief stay and seemed clean. Bed wasn't the most comfortable but it served its purpose.  No aircon and the window only opened a few inches but it was cool enough and not too noisy at the back.  Bathroom was tiny but was bearable.  Check in was quite swift even though a queue when we arrived.  The bar was lively in the evening when we came back.  The St Giles is attached to a pool and a gym but we didn't get chance to use it.  Breakfast the next morning was the usual buffet but disappointingly…,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Please find somewhere else,"The only thing, and I mean the ONLY thing this place has going for it is its location.  The room is so small (the pics are amazingly deceptive) that if you flipped the bed over it wouldn't fall flat.  The closet is so small it won't fit your suitcase.  The toilet seat was secured at an angle or it would clip the bathroom door.  The shower is so small the curtain is constantly on you.  The mattress isn't soft (as is one's preference) but is amazingly old and needs replacing.  7.45am knocks on the door for cleaning.  The front desk, as well as the concierge are either incapable of answering any question or just don't want to.  Answers were either indifferent, contemptuous, or worthlessly vague (don't ask about Uber or you will get the rant of how it is the taxi of the devil). …",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay,"We stayed for 3 nights as part of our europe holiday.  The room was a comfortable, refurbished and clean double room. Hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was just a bit small and, given the central location very noisy from the street. Closing the double glazed window cuts out about 95% of the noise but also makes the room a bit stuffy given the size. If you look for a central, clean and friendly hotel it's a great place. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We were magnets for the cleaners!,"We stayed here a week ago for the 2nd time.  Check in fast and we could enter room earlier.  Small rooms with tiny windows, but as we're out most of the time we just wanted a good nights sleep.  Comfortable beds, but all the pillows are the same height.  Our previous stay the cleaner knocked on the door at 8.30, and told us in future to put the Do Not Disturb Sign on the door.   This time we did only to hear knocking at 9.30, and when I opened the door the cleaner pointed to the floor where the sign was, impossible for it to fall off in fact.  Later we were having a rest at 2.30 and a cleaner entered the room, to see if it had been cleaned!   I get the impression that these staff have very little time to clean the rooms and surely they have some kind of rota to see if a room has…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Had a refit since my last stay and is now much improved,Really good value hotel in central London.  Rooms are smallish but big enough for a few nights.  Can be a bit noisy with noise from the street  Bar and restaurant on site which are both OK. Breakfast is a buffet with a good choice.  So long as you a realistic about what to expect for your money this is a great hotel.  No air conditioning in rooms,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3rd time,"This was our third time staying here, having had a different room type each time.  The hotel is in a fantastic location only minutes from oxford street and Tottenham Court Road station.  Ideal for getting out and about around London, a short walk to soho, China town and Leicester Square.  The rooms vary in size but come with prices to match. The small rooms are compact but functional, the mid range are very nice and the executive suites offer plenty of space with great views all around London.  All are exceptional value especially for being so central.  We have always found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and the rooms to be extremely clean and comfortable.  There is no doubt that we will be staying here again in the future. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend ,We stayed here for two nights and it was ideal. The location was perfect and the whole stay was very enjoyable. It’s a big hotel and yes certain areas could do with some tlc but the staff were all great and breakfast was good considering the hoards of guests all arriving at once. Staff were very attentive and the pool etc was very nice. Would definitely go back here. Only downside was that the room was a tad small and could have done with some air con.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"St Giles Bedford Avenue is located one block off Tottenham Court Rd tube station, and for its central location, it is excessively affordable. And it is no surprise that its lobby resembles the very busy tube station. We tried two different types of rooms. My advice is to pay for the most of what you can, because the cheaper categories are quite dire. Small windows, 24-hour street noise, no ventilation, no air-conditioning, and during recent London heat, virtually stifling. The 'luxury' rooms provide weak air-conditioning, toiletries, and more space.   Overall the staff was friendly and efficient, so one cannot fault the people. It's the location, the somewhat seedy condition of the hallway and room furniture, and the lack of air-conditioning or big open windows. In 25C or higher…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No AC in our room and near a busy crosswalk,"This hotel was literally just okay. We booked the cheapest room and we got what we paid for. It's in a good, central location near the tube stop which is what we wanted. What we hadn't bargained for was it was 80 degrees in London that week and our room didn't have AC. I hadn't realized AC was reserved for a different tier of room. It did come with a fan otherwise it would have been unbearable. Our room also faced a crosswalk. It beeped for 19 seconds every 40 seconds all night long. The bathroom was old and the sink wouldnt drain if the water was running. The carpets were old and dirty. But we did get a good deal and we were only there to sleep.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3rd Stay,"Have just spent a couple of days here, stayed over on a Monday night, its our 3rd stay here this year and we are staying here again in July and September. It is so central to everywhere and everything. The hotel is great, we always have a twin room, small but everything we need is there, the included breakfast is amazing, every choice you could wish for. All the staff in every part of the hotel are lovely, so helpful and polite, we love the restaurant, so Italian!! It means we dont have to go booking anywhere else to eat, the food is delicious and the prices really good. Havent tried the Casino next door yet, but maybe another time. Looking forward to our next visit in July.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location near the Picadilly Line.,"This hotel is close to a good shopping area in Oxford Street and also close to the Picadilly line to get to Heathrow. Our room was very small and basic with a tiny television on the wall. Breakfast okay. My main concern with this stay was on our second night the fire alarm went off at 1a.m. In the morning, we evacuated our room on the fifth floor and joined other guests out on the street. The Fire Brigade did not arrive and when I asked the Fire Warden why, he said they call their own people first, a few moments later two plain vans pulled up outside the entrance which I did not see who got out but I would think it was ""their people"" investigating. Twenty minutes later we were allowed back in.  I did not feel safe without the Fire Brigade attending and wondered whether this is a…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Vacation,"We have been in this hotel 7 times. 2 times with our grandchildren. The location is excellent. British Museum is in 2 blocks from this hotel. Rooms are small, but clean and beds are very comfortable. The staff is very nice and helpfull. Only the breakfast is not our style But in the next corner there is fabulous Pret A Manche. I like this hotel And will always stay here when in London.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely adequate and recommended ! ,"After having read some worrying reviews on here I was quite concerned what to expect! However we are now on our last night of a three night stay and i cannot fault the hotel for the price paid.  You are paying for a budget hotel in a fantastic location, yes the fixtures and fittings may be a little tired but every where is clean. The staff are helpful and attentive and any requests dealt with promptly and with a smile!  I requested a low floor( again after reading reviews about lift waiting issues ) but at no point ( bearing in mind this is also half term week) did we have more than a 1-2 minute wait at the longest for a lift, but the stairs are easily accessible and a calorie burner bonus after a meal ! We stayed in a standard room which didn’t have air con so, as some have…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but tiny room,"Stayed here while on a business trip, I thought the location was great for me (close walking distance to Groucho Club and lots of other bars and restaurants.   The room they gave was tiny, really underwhelming. There was an awful lot of road noise from the early hours which can’t be helped by them but did affect my stay.   The breakfast was free with my room, and was pretty good - typical hotel breakfast. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as bad as some of the reviews say but not the best either!,Not as bad as I had expected after reading the reviews. This hotel is currently being refurbished and therefore some rooms are not upto scratch. I believe my room was one of the refurbished rooms. It was small but clean and had aircon. The staff I found to be polite and helpful. In the heart of Bloomsbury near tube station and a fab little cafe next to the hotel. It was ok.,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dated and Dirty,"No quick way to express my extreme disappointment!  After reading recent reviews I rang the hotel prior to our visit and expressed our  concerns. I was informed a pleasant room would be allocated on my arrival but an up-grade wasn't possible. Monday 28th May - We arrived at the hotel early. Reception staff confirmed we had been allocated a nice room and we could leave our cases while we enjoyed some of the surrounding attractions and sights.  As our stay unfolded the following points and issues below were raised during our stay or on departure: 1. Dirty, stained and old carpets 2. Small window fitted with blinds that didn't block out the light 3. Walls thin-noise from guests kept us awake 4. Poor decor and maintaince in our room(see photos) 5. Fire alarm first morning(6.40ish).…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Closer to Hostel than hotel,"We had three nights here as a base to catch up with friends in London. It is quite well located, close to the Tottenham Court Road underground station and the British Museum. When we arrived, at about 3pm, there was a lengthy queue waiting to check in. Nevertheless the three or four staff quickly handled everyone efficiently and quickly. The room was tiny, with a double bed taking up most of the room. There was heating, but it wasn’t needed. Fresh air was, but having the window open meant significant noise most of the night. The ‘dining’ room consists of three large rooms of tables, with a buffet bar of hot and cold food, at breakfast. The food was not much different to what is served in army messes, bulk amounts, average quality,to serve those staying in the 675 rooms. The free…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,disappointingly customer service,stayed the night of 27 May with my son since he was due to run the Vitality 10k the next day. we left our luggage with the concierge and after the race we requested to use the leisure facilities' showers.  After being sent from pillar to post our request was eventually declined which was very disappointing customer service. Also our room was pokey and dated with only a tiny corner window.  On the plus side...it was a fantastic location and the hotel offered 3 restaurants and a leisure centre,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Large hotel in a great London  location with small, basic rooms","Stayed for business and appreciated location, near Tottenham Court Road Underground Station, so great access to central London. The room was extremely small and basic as well as a little worn, but clean. The room had blinds that didn’t really cut out all the light and the light shone around the door from the corridor. I had a room to the rear and so it was quiet in terms of traffic noise, but the walls and doors are so thin, l could hear everything other guests said in the coridoor. There was a small TV, hairdryer and kettle, but you have to go to an ironing room if you wish to use one. There was a long queue to check in, but when l got to the desk, the staff were efficient and friendly. You pay for the location and don’t expect anything other than a basic room that’s clean, but…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only good is location,"If you want a good location but a crappy hotel this is for you. Old carpets with holes in, noisy, cramped rooms, extremely uncomfortable beds with springs that runs across the whole bed. The elevators take at least 5 minutes to come, up or down, it doesn't matter.  The cleaning crew starts to clean every day around 6:30 and if you are in room  851 they have a supply closet next to your room and they have zero respect for your sleep. They shout to eachother with no care for the guests. On the day you check out ( at 11 the latest) they start knocking at your door around 8 to come and clean.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Practical hotel with great location and good breakfast.,"The St Giles does not aspire to greatness, but serves its purpose admirably.  We travel into London on the Central Line and have some mobility problems so location is important.  Tottenham Court Road station now has lifts, so no steps or escalators involved and the hotel is a few paces away (just a few steps up to reception).  Rooms are small but beautifully appointed with comfortable beds, and are more than adequate for an overnight stay.  The buffet breakfast was well above expectation.  The hotel is large and very busy (which enables them to keep costs down to a very moderate level for Central London).  A good experience, and we have booked to visit again.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,THEATRE BREAK WITH FRIENDS,"The hotel was in a great location,staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Rooms on the small side but very clean with a modern shower room. Breakfast was a good variety of hot and cold selection. Close to Covent Garden and shops, tube station on the doorstep. Have already booked hotel again for our next theatre break in November.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Friendly and helpful,"Stayed here before.  Can’t fault this hotel. All members of staff are friendly and helpful. Had a bigger room on previous stay but not an issue as the beds are the comfiest and that’s all that matters. Best hotel for the tube, close to Leicester Square etc Would definitely recommend staying here x",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great for the theatre,"not big rooms but warm and comfortable, had 12 floor room lifts at busy times a bit of a problem. plus breakfast was great plenty of choice but again hotel was full and cue to get in at busy times. we like to walk so position of hotel was great for theatre visit and and sightseeing travelled in to London by train to Easton station 15 min walk, bus or under ground",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,in the middle of London,"The position of the hotel is very good.You are in the middle of the town. Small rooms for a lot of money. No breakfast included! Breakfast is 10 pounds if you want it. It is so sad after you pay a lot of money for the room! There is big noise on the street, so you can't stay with open windows more than 10 minutes. Room service is OK.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I have ever stayed in ,"I never write bad reviews but unfortunately this is a must.  This hotel is very “fur coat no pants”.  You get an incredibly warm welcome, staff are lovely, nice reception area, then you get your key and the fun starts.  My first room had no hot water unless you ran it for thirty minutes (not very environmentally friendly) so I asked to change rooms due to an early start.  Room changed (to a nicer one apparently) and yes I’m in London and yes it’s a noisy lively city but this takes the mick. I have constant fan noise externally, it’s midnight and I need to get up in three hours and I still haven’t slept yet Tomorrow is a full working day in front of incredibly important clients.  The rooms, both rooms dated, tired, dirty (I don’t think either have seen a hoover). The beds move if…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Be very very careful,If you pre pay for a stay here.Please make sure you are 100% sure you can make It! Due to unforseen circumstances I am unable to go on the dates I booked.I rang their reservations dept and asked if I could transfer my dates to earlier or later.No was the answer and has resulted in me losing almost £400. This would have been my 39th stay at the St Giles.So if you're thinking of visiting be very very sure you'll make it or you will learn a very harsh lesson.Loyalty counts for nothing there.,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Distinctly average,"Stayed here for the first and last time on a recent business trip. Reception looks nice enough but venture up to the rooms and you find an 80s timeswharp with tired rooms that are badly lit and tiny. OK this is a good location, but next time I will stay further out in a nicer place. You can definitely find better for the money.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hmmmm...not great. ,"I’ve had to think long and hard about how to review this hotel. I really don’t like giving bad reviews but I’m not going to lie either. Let’s start with the good points: The hotel is in a really convenient location.  The foyer is spacious.  The staff are all (that I spoke with) lovely, friendly, courteous and well presented.   And now (unfortunately) the bad: Waiting times for a lift were RIDICULOUS. I had to wait 10 minutes for a lift. Had I been on a lower floor I would have just used the stairs. This wasn’t a one off. It was nearly every time. (I was staying for 4 nights)  The food was not great. I’ve had better microwave meals. The presentation was below bar and tasted bland. I had lasagne one night and it was slopped onto a bowl and looked like it had been dumped in the…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"Arrived late in the evening. The reception was efficient. However, our room was on the first floor and there was a unpleasant smell of smoke and cooking vapours in the first floor corridors. Our room’s window was open and above the kitchen so the room had a kitchen odour to it. The hotel changed our room to another floor which fixed the issue.  The rooms are basic. No air-conditioning, no minibar. The elevators are somewhat crowded in the mornings during check-out time.  The advantages are the great location near Oxford Street and the Tottenham Court Road tube station. It’s also good value for money if you get a good deal for the room considering average hotel prices in London. The room was also very clean and daily cleaning of rooms was good.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab stay,"Booked one night stay for a theatre trip   Perfect location next door to theatre and handy for a walk into Covent Garden, Clean comfy room. Lovely cocktails in Hudson’s bar. Only negative is there were no curtains at window, just a blind that let some light in. Would definitely stay again  ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,jabs,from start to end i found st giles hotel friendly clean disabled friendly all the staff were a credit from the concierge to the cleaners room very good facilities for wheel chair user with a large wet room,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mrs H,"Booked the hotel for one night stay, reception was fine...we were given a room on the 7th floor and as soon as we got out the lift you could see it was tired and unclean , the carpets needed hoovering and that was just the corridor. Our room was small the bathroom was tiny with a big step up into the shower it was clean..the bedroom was unhoovered and stains on the head bored and dirty mirrors. The window blind didn’t keep out the blue light of the building but we slept and mattress was comfy. Breakfast was very poor dirty juice glasses and hair we my eggs, the dinning room was like a very poor canteen we left and went somewhere else...I ve eaten in better moterway services. Staff were ok...concerge were very helpful. There were cockroaches in the down stairs lady’s loos gross! …",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girly weekend away,"What a surprise ....we booked this hotel a while ago and the day before I checked out the reviews again...this made me a little bit worried as the most recent were negative!! I shouldn't of worried what a treat! Reception staff were very friendly and helpful, our twin room whilst on the small side was very clean and beds were very comfortable!! The food in the hudson was excellent!! Best cocktails ever! After a evening in London we came back and just needing a snack headed for the cafe bar!! Excellent and service was fab!! Will definitely rebook this hotel when I come to London again!! Only slight negative was being woken up by cleaners at 8.30am! But at least they were eager!😂😂",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, disgusting room, unfit for human stay.","Room was disgusting & unfit for guests to stay:  1) Broken Toilet Flush- Little or no water comes out when you flush the toilet. Told the staff at reception, Julianna, but no one came to fix it.   2) Broken Toilet Sink- Toilet sink was BROKEN, DIRTY, UNFIT for use. The rusty sewage pipe can be seen directly from the basin. It clearly needs fixing before it is suitable for customer use. Yet, their staff, Julianna, gave me this disgusting room.  3) No Ventilation- Room had NO HEATER, NO AIR-CONDITION, NO VENTILATION. The air pressure was horrendous. It was 9 degrees C in London. My partner and I caught flu because of this.  4) Broken TV- TV screen was badly pixelated and the sounds keep breaking off for all channels. Very irritating when the TV is on.   ***The hotel lobby staff…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is Just OK that's it.,"The location is great, We had a twin room on the 12th floor not very big but just OK size wise it did have air conditioning but we could not leave it on at night because it was so noisy you would not be able to sleep, plus no instructions on how to work it. Next there were no curtains at the one and only small window just a Venetian type blind so we were woken up at about 04:45 in the morning by the sun rise, we left the window open at night which then meant when the sun came up it shone through the open window onto the mirror which then reflected it into my eyes so no chance of staying in bed any longer, not happy! Check in was fine as or at least we thought, but when we went for breakfast we were told it was room only and the women that checks you in at breakfast would not…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"I booked a twin room with my daughter  for one night to attend the theatre as a birthday present. As with all London hotels it was pricey due to the location being excellent . Staff were friendly when we booked in and we were able to check in early . The room as tiny especially the bathroom ,luckily I am very small but I could not imagine taller,  bigger built people managing in there. The bath  towels were barely large enough for a young child and we had to hunt for enough for us both. There were no complimentary toiletries as with every other hotel I have stayed in all over the world!  The room on the ninth floor only had a fire escape window with ill fitting blinds that let far too much light in all night so we couldn't sleep well enough.The beds were comfortable with lovely…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mrs,Cant beat the lication for accessing the theatre district.   Staff friendlu and helpful.   Rooms compact but spotless.  Been before and will go again.  Breakfast gave a great selection and a good start to a day of walking around London.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Claustrophobic and Dirty Hotel,"The location is why we booked this hotel. Right in the middle of the theatres, and walking distance to the Thames.  Unfortunately, that didn’t make up for everything else. When we arrived, we were told that we needed to pay for our stay, even though we had already paid through booking.com. Confused, we told the receptionist that we had already paid, but she insisted that we hadn’t. So, we paid, went up to room, found all of the information from PayPal and booking.com, went downstairs, and were told that we would be refunded. However, it took almost two weeks for the charge to be refunded on our credit card.   The hotel looks promising from the outside, older,  but well kept up. We were escorted to the receptionist, and the reception was a bright, modern, space. Only when we got…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tired, cramped and disappointed ","I stayed for one night and there are two good things about this hotel: the central location and the check in staff, who were friendly and efficient. Other than that, the rooms were very cramped (would have been way too small if I hadn't been on my own), and very tired. The whole place needs refurbishing. There's no air con, so the choice is sleeping in an airless, stuffy room or opening the window and trying to sleep through all the noise of Tottenham Court Road. There aren't any curtains either, only very thin blinds, so the room never gets properly dark. Even the TV didn't work properly; reception was so poor I couldn't watch BBC1! I didn't have the breakfast, or eat in the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that, but there are better value hotels in central London than…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bedbugs!,"Nice location but that’s where it ends: After the first night my body was covered in bedbug bites. The staff was nice enough about it and gave me a new room but the damage was done, due to paranoia and terrible itching the remainder of the stay was very unpleasant.  I could go on about the breakfast and how long you have to queue for it, etc. but that’s secondary.   I do realize it’s not the hotel’s fault and as mentioned, the staff reacted nicely. Hope they’ll do their best to compensate though, my trip (and return home) was ruined. ",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"I have stayed at the St Giles a number of times, and always come back, purely for location. I can't recommend it enough based on where it is - two minutes from the tube, within easy walking distance of pretty much everything - it really is perfectly situated. While the rooms are relatively small, we are only ever in London for a night or two so they are perfectly adequate for our needs, the staff are friendly and there is a concierge service which looks after your cases if you arrive before check in / want the full day in London after check out. There are basic toiletries in the room (on the wall shower gel) and tea and coffee making facilities, and the rooms are clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and lovely staff,"Stayed for two nights over the bank holiday weekend. Excellent location a couple of minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street shopping. Just five minutes walk from Soho Square, 10 minutes walk from Chinatown, 15 minutes walk from Covent Garden and 20 minutes walk to the Theatre district. Hotel is comfortable - classic twin room is a bit small for 2 people; suggest upgrade to delux for more space. Rooms were clean and had lovely shower in the en-suite. Breakfast is basic but adequate and there are lots of restaurants and cafes nearby and a 24 hour restaurant onsite plus Sainsbury supermarket across the road. Hotel lifts are small but adequate.  Staff are courteous, friendly, efficient and very helpful. Despite the busyness of the Reception area, they…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Wow!  What a find!  Location, location, location and access to an amazing leisure centre for a fiver!","Perfect for a London visit as just a 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road station.  I had a standard twin (no aircon) but did have a very useful fan which was perfectly adequate.  OK it's not a huge room nor that luxurious - but let's get real - this is a very central London hotel at affordable prices and unless you're intending to spend hours in your room just perfect.  It did have a desk/dressing table, plenty of power points, coffee/tea making facilities, hair dryer and all the things you'd expect.  Bathroom had the most powerful shower ever - and easy temperature control.  More importantly the bed was comfortable and the room and bathroom clean. I didn't opt for breakfast - there are any number of available options including McDonald's just round the corner. What I did…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location for a walker,"This hotel is perfectly placed for doing London on foot. As someone who is terrified of the underground this hotel is perfect provided you are able to walk. Situated at the end of Oxford Street most places are walkable. The rooms are ( to be polite) compact but clean and relatively comfortable, maybe the lack of AC could be a problem in high summer time. Check in was quick, lifts a bit slow at peak times breakfast a bit of a pain due to high volume of guests. We never had more than a 10 minute wait to get a table so not too bad. We particularly enjoyed the bar area very relaxed and comfortable and prices good for central London. We have used  St giles before and will certainly use again.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Compact and bijou room,Reception excellent but the room whilst well appointed was very compact indeed ! Breakfast was varied and plentiful. Like other reviewers I feel air conditioning would have been a bonus as even though I stayed on the eleventh floor having the window open was very noisy. Overall good value for money.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central hotel,"My husband booked us this weekend away as a Christmas present back in December, I was a little dubious after reading some negative reviews, but soooo glad I didn't act upon them!!  Check in, very efficient, quick and served with a smile. We stayed in room 844 , lovely room, double bed, and air con which was definitely needed as it was BH weekend and scorching, if a little noisy with a ""bijoux"" bathroom, but it served it's purpose, we also had a ""spare"" room where the wardrobe, dressing table and safe were situated with a pull down single bed and tea ☕and coffee ☕ facilities were! Breakfast unfortunately we didn't have breakfast here as we couldn't justify the price, but we ate breakfast at the nearby Montague Pike (Wetherspoons) for £4-95 each, although we were amazed at the…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,"This hotel is just off Oxford Street, a great location for shopping, and tube just 2 mins walk.  I had requested a room on a high floor as reading some reviews noise was an issue but then being in the heart of London it's going to be noisy! We checked in and our room was a Roof Terrace room, the views were amazing and the room was spacious, lovely bathroom with robes, toiletries, safe and the room had a fridge so we could chill a nice bottle of wine!! Beds were comfortable and being the hottest weekend so far the air con was needed and worked fine.  Breakfast was buffet style, help yourself to drinks, plenty of choice although I did miss mushrooms and the choice of eggs as only scrambled on the buffet, but it was hot and tasty.  You can leave your luggage with the concierge on…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location!","Stayed a week in this hotel and would do it again. The location can't be beat at this price, close to theaters, shopping, great restaurants and transportation. The service at front desk and concierge are good (not great) and the cleaners do a great job every day. We didn't get breakfast at the hotel because of a problem with our booking so I cant talk about that. Rooms are quite small, but come on how much time are you gonna spend there. Beds nice and comfy. Loved the towel policy (where only towels on the floor are changed) nice to see a hotel care about the enviroment.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London weekend,"Can't fault this hotel for being slap bang in the middle of everything. It's the right tend of Tottenham Court Road for Oxford Street and the tube which takes you anywhere. Restaurants inside hotel are good - one  a bit like a pub, the other a bit bistro like. Had 2 courses for £22.50 and it was loads. If you want breakfast you need to be there before 8 otherwise be prepared to queue. Rooms are fine and clean. Bathroom lo oked pretty new - I couldn't get the shower to go cold but probably my fault! Only down side no a/c, we kept the window open over night but could smell cooking fat which wasn't nice. This is the 2nd time I have stayed here and would again.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for theatre or retail therapy,"Booked a weekend here for the sole purpose of going to see a specific show in the Covent Garden area, so our main consideration was to find convenient decent-standard accommodation. Am unable to comment on the leisure and catering facilities as we used neither, but the rooms, albeit on the small side (as is often the case in London), were clean, comfortable and well-maintained. Check-in was a friendly and efficient process thanks to a lady named, if I read her badge correctly, Eliana, and we also found the concierge and porter to be of a similar happy-to-help disposition. Location can be everything when seeking London accommodation, and the St Giles is perfect in this respect, situated a couple of minutes' walk from the Oxford Street and not much further from the Shaftesbury…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Hotel is in a great location. Just a few minutes walk from  loads of tourist attractions or the metro that goes most places. Hotel is lovely and theres a 24hr restaurant attached which was great. Only down fall was the fire alarm went off for a second and the hotel was evacuated but no one came near our room.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good stay in an amazing location,"I had a very comfortable stay at St Giles London. I booked this hotel because of the gym, location and obviously the price. I wasn’t expecting luxury and I certainly didn’t get it, but it had everything I needed and for the location, compared to the price of other hotels in the area, you can’t really go wrong with St Giles. The free wifi was fine and usable both in room and in the lobby, the room was comfortable although it could’ve been cleaner - the carpets could use a better vacuum, a steam or just a full replacement. The walls could benefit from a fresh coat of paint too! My room had no aircon but I certainly didn’t need it. There was a bit of street noise but I always sleep with earplugs anyway as I am an incredibly light sleeper, and I was never woken or kept awake by the…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to theatre,"We stayed here for one night as we were going to see Bat Out Of Hell at the Dominion theatre, and this hotel is great as it is practically next door.  Our room was a small twin which was clean and had everything we needed for our short stay.  The night we stayed the UK we going through an unseasonably hot spell and we were glad that we were able to open the window in our room which let in some well needed cool air on the 10th floor.  It also let in a lot of noise as this hotel is just off Tottenham Court Road right near the junction with Oxford Street, but for me the noise and activity around is all part of the experience of being right in the middle of central London.  Great location and would definately stay here again.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,i have stayed here twice now it is a great location for anyone going to a show also great for shopping  our room was clean and a  good size breakfast was really good full english and serve yourself it was a little noisy has we had a room on the main road not good if the window is open as lots of noise in the morning,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,Hotel is clean and close to theatres and train station.... tube station very close... Friendly professional staff...good value for money.  Rooms that face the main road very noisy. Pedestrian crossing beeps every 20 seconds even through night and shops opposite had very loud deliveries at 2am sunday morning so was hard to sleep!! No air conditioning in room but because of noise couldn't have windows open. Paid for deluxe room but not sure what extra you get for that as the room was very basic.,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Premiere Inn on steroids,"Anyone rating this hotel low is possibly missing the entire point of the place. It is designed to be low cost and good value in a premium location for London's theatreland .... and it delivered this in spades. The Ground Floor public spaces were great with a friendly and efficient reception area and 3 restaurants, all of which we tried and all of which we thought delivered good food with friendly service at an affordable price.  While these public areas have a high quality feel to them, the bedrooms showed where money had been saved with cheap storage units. However, the facilities were fine with a really nice ensuite (with hot and strong shower), a security safe, and clean and warm bedding. Although aircon would have been better than the desk fan, we regard a bedroom as…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and a good deal add another star,"We stayed at St Giles for three nights in December 2017. We were attracted by the convenient location and a good deal despite some of the less than favourable comments in Tripadvisor. Low expectations are easy to exceed and we felt the hotel met our needs very well. The check-in was one of the most friendly we’ve experienced in London and the room was adequate in size as we only had one large suitcase and were planning to stay out the whole day anyway. The room was tidy, the bed comfortable and there was no shortage of warm water nor pressure in the shower. All in all, a solid three star hotel with us raising the personal rating to ""very good"" due to location and a good deal we got.  We didn’t try the hotel breakfast as we had a number of other cafés and restaurants we wanted to…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and Service - Good Combo,"Recently completed 10-day stay at St. Giles London and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Its combination of professional and friendly staff and an ideal location near the heart of Soho, this hotel surpassed my expectations. It's a find.  Arrived early on weekday morning and was warmly greeted by professional staff at reception. Reception area tends to be hectic, so limited my exposure there, but my few experiences were quick and productive. There is a concierge who helped me, and they can handle any questions that might arise. Was given upper-floor room with quite spectacular view, a real plus. Was completely satisfied with the reception staff and their service.  Room itself was large by London standards; full-size bed, tv, the usual perks. Bathroom was small but functional,…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just around the corner from the British Museum ,I stayed only for one night but the service was great. I arrived early after a long flight and was checked in straight away. The receptionist also had some great suggestions for my next destination.  Next morning the concierge was very helpful about how to get to Gatwick airport and thankfully this meant that I avoided missing my flight.   Note the single rooms are really small! ,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mrs,"Stayed here for the second time, and will be staying again. The hotel has a perfect location (very close to Oxford st), clean room, comfy beds, lovely breakfast, friendly staff. What more do you need?",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip. Ideal hotel,"Very clean, super fast check in. Cannot fault this hotel for the proximity to theatre. My only beef was the restaurant seating for breakfast . We placed our room key on an empty table for two,only to find when we returned for somebody else’s key there as well as a plate of cold food. We then had to find an alternative table otherwise our food would have got cold. Very annoying when we were the first there. I feel we should have been seated by staff. Otherwise I couldn’t fault the breakfast or hotel room",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Could be so much better!,Great location but a very average hotel at best. My room was not particularly comfortable and could do with some serious updating. In fact the whole place could. WiFi is also really poor and with being here on business could’ve done with it being better.,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, bad food and had to pay for them to store my luggage.","I have stayed at St.Giles several times, and they use to be friendly and nice, but now everything seemed to change. The food, well, I can not call it food, the breakfast is definitely not worth the money. There is no real egg in the eggs, the hot food is cold and the coffee thin and they have just canned fruit and no veggies. no fresh bread and well, there is Aircon there, not In my room, but so much in the dark breakfast room, that I had to wear a scarf (!). the consigners are quite rude. when I asked questions about where and when, they kind of laugh at me, made me feel quite silly. and when I asked them to take care of my luggage while I was having the ""breakfast"", they charged 1 pund each item. In cash.   This is not good at all. Dont mind that their rooms are small and a…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location... lovely staff,"Stayed 26/04/18 for one night...  staff couldn't be more helpful even prior to arrival I requested an upper floor which was granted on arrival, Every member of staff were cheerful and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable - many reviews state that rooms were small but I found both the room and the bathroom adequate ... plenty of room for two people. The breakfast was lovely... self service so one could take as much or little as required - as with mass catering self service not top quality but made all the better by helpful staff who worked continuously clearing tables to keep a fast movement. On leaving the concierge agreed to post two cards to my grandchildren so that they believe they were posted by Paddington Bear.  Booked again for later in year ... couldn't fault…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to many sights and transportation.,"the location was the best thing about this hotel. Close to the underground, British museum, Oxford Street, theatre land and China town,, all a short walk away. The room must have been a broom cupboard in the past.. it was small, the small double bed must have been shoe horned in. The bathroom was tiny, very uncomfortable. The breakfast was terrible, the worst sausages I have ever tasted,, well they had no taste. Premier Inn and holiday inn breakfasts are hard to beat. For the price, not worth it.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb location,Great location nice room friendly staff especially the concierge defo go bak near the subway and 20 min walk from euston station just round the corner from the shaftsbury theatre and tottenham rd on ur doorstop,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"A group of eight on a hen weekend, ideal location for everything, rooms clean, everything you require,the hotel was very busy with cup final and marathon but staff helpful,caring and all still smiling",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value Hotel in Fantastic Location,"We stayed her for 3 nights for the London Marathon and we're happy with our choice.  The location is 10-15min walk to Leicester Square, Covent Garden etc and about 20min walk to Westminster. It is also located right in the middle of the theatre district so you really couldn't get more central if you tried. The check in was easy and the reception & bar area is nice & stylish. The rooms and corridors are a tad dated but are perfectly adequate, particularly for the price you pay. The beds are comfortable and there's shower gel & hand wash supplied in the room.  The breakfast was excellent, £9.95 each with a huge range of hot & cold items. All staff were very friendly and the maids cleaned the rooms perfectly everyday with fresh towels etc.  The only real negative was the tv in the…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for Price. Food amazing.,"I stay often for business and Friday was my last day and yes the rooms need some TLC but where in central London can you stay this cheap but want 4+ stars. Every morning Alina and her team welcome you with a smile and good morning for breakfast. And in the evening Agnes and Florin makes you feel very welcome.  The restaurant staff remember who you are in particular Firial and Mihaela. Not forgetting the amazing food prepared by Mas, Jacob and the Team. Reception could learn a lot off these guys for customer service. Will miss my extended family.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The location is very good.,"The hotel was centrally located and close to the tube network.Perfect location for theatres and walking to places of interest. Easy check in / check out.The room and bathroom were very small, and slightly dated.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable bed,"Great concierge service, able to leave the bags before and after check out.   Very comfortable beds.  Very warm rooms but windows do open a fair amount.  Towels very small but do the job.  Mix of hand/body/hair wash not ideal...   Great location right next to Tottenham Court Road tube station and lovely bakery next door.   Overall a very average but nice hotel 😊 ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,Good hotel close to Dominion theatre.  Easy 5 minute walk. Hotel clean and staff very pleasant.  Rooms are very small but we only slept in them.  Breakfast was very good with a good choice. Restaurant food was good and reasonably priced.  Would not hesitate to  use again,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location and comfortable stay,"Stayed here for a film festival for 4 nights. You’re not going to get a better value for money hotel slap bang in the middle of central London. Is not luxury but its comfortable and its affordable, as far as location goes….its exactly where you need to be in terms of getting around in London. Tottenham Court Road station is 2 mins walk away, 1 if you’re quick. I didn’t eat here as I was out mainly but the staff were very helpful, I was albeit leave my bag all day in the storage area while I went about my day. The room itself was a bit tight but enough space to move around in, it wasn’t cramped and this was a twin room. Shower facilities were fine, could have done with a bit more power with the shower but apart from that adequate enough. You do hear the noise of London especially…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A safe place in a great location!,"Have stayed here twice in the last 2 weeks. Great location, very close to Tottenham Court Underground Station. Check-in is quick and professional with helpful staff. The bar is busy with a great atmosphere. Rooms and bathrooms are small and basic. Great for a short stay if you are only looking for a place to sleep and shower. Hotel is a bit ‘tired’ in places but if you are looking for a luxury in London it comes at  a much higher cost! Most importantly I felt safe staying here.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice sized room, clean and quiet","We spent 6 nights here. Our room was 801 and we found it to be of adequate size and clean. Being high up and on the front of the hotel, it was surprisingly quiet from street noise. Everyone we came in contact with were very nice. Free wi fi, a small fridge and a safe. The bathroom was decked out in black marble and the shower was spacious. The lifts ran without any issues.We found the location to be perfect for getting around to see the sites. The British Museum was within walking distance and the Tottencourt underground station was a block a way. Tons of great restaurants within walking distance.  We ate at the Hudson House and Sage and Chili located in the hotel. Hudson House was very good. Would not eat at Sage and Chili again. Server was not very friendly and the food wasn't…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful...Never Again!!,"Booked to stay here with my mum as it was in a good location. Upon arrival we was greeted by a lovely young man who directed us to check in. Our booking forms said we could check in at 2pm...WRONG!! No rooms were ready and we and many others were all told to wait.  We finally got the keys and went to the room after waiting ages for the lift.   Trying to find the room was fun and it’s not clearly sign posted so you are constantly walking up and down corridor looking for your room. After finally finding the room and climbing over hoovers and trolleys to get to it our faces dropped.   The rooms look NOTHING like the photos online. The rooms are tiny, we had some rubbish left on the floor, and stains on the sheets. Went into the bathroom and found a hair (not from the head) on the…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant surprise,I was a little nervous after reading a few of the comments on here but pleasantly surprised - clearly people want something for nothing. I’ve stayed in some hovels in London and paid more. Excellent location with a mini suite - Separate sitting room and bedroom with a nice little bathroom and everything we needed to make ourselves at home. Helpful staff - very personable. Spotlessly clean and well maintained. Will definitely book in again.,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,brilliant stay,New to our favourite bar next door and to the shops etc. Would definitely stay again.  room bigger than expected.  Will stay more than one night next time.  staff friendly.  Broken plug in room which we did advise staff of.  But on the whole impressed.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lack of compassion,"Last week I was on vacation in London and I stayed at this hotel. The rooms are claustrophobic and the hall smells weird. But this is not the worst. On my third day at the hotel, while waiting to take the lift (which by the way takes a lot), a girl (staying at the hotel, alone without her parents) violently opened an emergency door (which opens outwards) hitting me head. It is necessary to emphasize, that the door by the part in that I was not counted on any type of signaling. Due to the hit my right eyebrow split, the ambulance had to come and I had to go to the hospital. As I could walk, they told me that the ambulance did not take me to the hospital therefore I should take a taxi or walk. The hotel did not want to take responsibility for anything (although the accident was at…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but good value,"Yes, the room is tiny. And it does have a titchy window, but as has been said, it's very clean.  It has all you need, in a decent location (depending on where you want to be), and is good value for this area.  Oxford street is round the corner, and it's not far from theater land.  Also it has a pretty decent bar as well! We actually had a triple room, which was an extra bed kind of crammed into an area between the bedroom and the bathroom.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for the Dominion Theater,"Booked this hotel due to the location for the Dominion theater that is only just around the corner. Checking in was fast and easy with everything explained about the hotel.  We stayed in room 326 and was at the front of the hotel small double but it was fine for what we needed. Tea,coffee,safe,hair drier in the room as well. Just down the corridor was an ice machine with plastic pint cups that i thought was a good thing.  We didn't have breakfast in the hotel but we did eat in the Hudson restaurant that is attached to the hotel food was good.  I would stay in this hotel again",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bat out of hell,My sister and I stayed overnight and we were both very impressed with this hotel so much so we have booked another over night stay. All the staff were very helpful and polite. Our reason for the trip was to see Bat out of hell the musical the theatre was right around the corner from the hotel. We ate at the VQ restaurant which is situated in the hotel. I would highly recommended the St Giles hotel to my friends and family. The room was on the first floor. It was a double room with a walk in shower which was ideal for me as I have mobility problems. The room had towels and toiletries also tea coffee making facilities a tv and a safe. ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as bad as people make it out!,"Stayed here for one night for a theatre show and sightseeing visit. Reception is smooth and quick. Room (523) was very small for a double. However, it was clean and tidy. Only issue is that you’re right next to the lift shaft, so you hear every ‘ding’ when someone gets in or out of the lift....and their conversations as they pass by your door! Hotel is a perfect central location for getting around London. Would definitely stay here again though. The pros outweigh the cons.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A good base,Situated very close to Oxford street. This hotel is ideal for central London. Nothing flashy. But food is enjoyable. A nice buffet breakfast awaits even though the restaurant does get over cramped at busy times. Reasonably priced. Would recommend for 2/3 night stay.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for a city break ,"We stayed here from a Thursday to a Sunday. It is the perfect location if you want to get out and about and spend time eating, dining and shopping around the city! Close to the train station & shops. The hotel itself is clean and the staff were helpful.  It is the perfect hotel for a city break as all you are doing in the room as sleeping! It’s not a hotel I would go to for a luxurious stay... but perfect for what we were looking for! ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Conveniently located and, for Central London, reasonably priced, this hotel is understandably very busy. The reception area is pleasant enough, but from there it goes downhill.  Our ""superior double room"" was, however, very disappointing. Whilst being clean it was so small as to be claustrophobic, not helped by the very small Windows. The cheap fittings and furniture and the cramped bathroom reminded me of a cheap student let. Breakfast was a reasonable buffet but you are left to find your own table, which resulted in walking around with many others between the three breakfast rooms waiting for someone else to finish and then making a dash to secure the table. A very unpleasant experience. The hotel interior is fitted out and decorated to a poor standard and is in need of some…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Prison in London,"Dangerous electricity. Not helpfull. Many better places in London to stay. Location is good. Nearby Soho and chinatown. Elevators are creepy. Normally i like them. Room is too warm, shower top small etc",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bowie and Winehouse hangs around in the lobby,"Totally price worthy hotel in central London. If you want to jump out of bed and be ready for shopping, this is a great location; a stone's throw away from Oxford Street. Nice, airy lobby. Rooms were quite small but comfortable. Nice newly renovated bathroom. Anything you need, really.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, average rooms, average serbice",We stayed in this hotel for a night in March when visiting Harry Potter Studio tour.    Located within walking distance of Euston and Kings Cross it is perfect for a flying visit.   It’s also great if you want to shop as Oxford Street is steps away.  It is an older hotel which is a bit of a monstrosity from the outside but it has a fairly modern entrance.    Staff on reception are welcoming enough but they don’t stand out as leaders of customer service.  We asked to be as near as possible to the pool in our reservation and when we arrived they said that the pool is on the ground floor where there are no rooms so it wasn’t possible to stay on this floor.  Instead they put us on the 12th floor!! (The top floor)  We were then given a convoluted set of directions to get to our room.…,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not what expected,My husband  booked a superior deluxe room for my birthday.  Very small bathroom tiny . Hate to think what normal rooms were like. However hotel very central to most attractions.  Choice of restaurants attached to hotel very reasonable. ,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,first class ,on arrival at hotel was greeted by the floor manager Toni what a pleasant bloke went above and beyond the call of duty to provide us with a fantastic stay in London couldn't do enough for us THANK YOU TONI the room was clean tidy and very well presented quite every thing required in the room was servicible the whole experience was made by the staff who were pleasant ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does the job!,"Have stayed here a couple of times for business.  Rooms are fairly small, but clean and contain everything needed in them.  The gym next door is very convenient, tokens available for purchase for entrance. The location is BRILLIANT.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Let's ""NOT"" Go For A Swim :-(","Nice well situated central London hotel at a reasonable rate for 4 nights. Rooms were clean and well maintained with a lovely cosy bed. But WHY do you advertise that your hotel has a SWIMMING POOL only to close it on Friday 30th March because in the words of the receptionist ""it's Easter""!!!!!!!!! Yes I know it's Easter that's why we booked a hotel with a POOL!!!!!!!!!!! Really disappointed as I am a frequent traveller to The Capital City and I thought that I had found my ideal accommodation for future trips but now I'm not so sure.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money and centrally located,We have reviewed this hotel before and keep coming back.  That says it all really. We booked an executive double this time for three nights room only.  It's good to have the extra space and to get on the quieter side of the hotel.,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Great location and lovely staff rooms a little small but ok for what you need .You don’t stay in your long breakfast was varied and nice.Staff were all pleasant and helpful.Have stayed here several times and would recommend.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Lovely place to stay Very clean  and spacious Great food and buffet breakfast Very local to the west end and bars The bedroom was very large and spotless Comfy bed and good en suite The bar is very good and lively with good bar staff. Recommend this hotel  to everyone       ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but efficient room,"Traveled alone, was a great price for the location... the tradeoff was a small room BUT it had everything I needed, was cozy, and the bar/restaurants downstairs were fantastic! Location was fantastic, within walking or tube distance from everything. Zero complaints!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Must for central London,"Great hotel, central for most of all London attractions very friendly staff. Great breakfast there is lots to choose from you won’t be disappointed, on a negative the rooms are so small but you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"Stayed here with the missus for the night and was disapionted with the room, it was very small and had mould by the window, also had only hand towels in the room and room was extremily hot! the bed was uneven meaning me and my girlfriend was laying in the middle of the bed. Breakfast was okay not out of this world. The location was good for us as we went to the theatre but it felt more like a hostel then a hotel. Next time will just pay extra for a better hotel. Won't be staying here again! Given 3 out of 5 only for location mainly.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny room but everything fine,"A tiny room that reminded me of Paris or New York.  However, everything worked and it was a very convenient location.  A bargain secret price from Booking.com made it ideal for my purpose, having somewhere to sleep!",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for Theatre Land!,"The staff at St Giles were incredibly friendly and helpful. The location is perfect for Theatre goers, with Oxford St, Shaftsbury Avenue, China town and Soho all in easy walking distance. The nearest tube station is just along the road. The food was good and service excellent, having a 24 hour service is also great for dining before or after the theatre. The room was clean and comfortable, however a fridge would be nice and bizarrely it smelt of tobacco smoke. The room was quite hot and with no control for air conditioning or heaters, the only option is to open the window, which makes it very noisy. This would put me off staying in Summer. Overall it was good value for such a fantastic location. You may be interested to know that the taxi from Euston only cost £5.20, another…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good old St Giles,"I spent a few nights at the St Giles in 2014 and decided to go there again because of its fabulous location. As you can read in any of the reviews this is the main point of attraction for this hotel. The reception has changed for the better but is still a beehive.   We were given a room the 1st floor which was in fact a 3person room. This was OK, but  the others in our group of 6 seemed to sleep in a sigarbox!  If this hotel would spend some money and time on refurbishing it would be the best in London.  Nevertheless I am still satisfied about it: it is certainly value for money!",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Exactly what you need for a weekend,"Good price (for London) compared to other prices I had seen when searching. Very good location for the price aswell. Ideal that Tottenham Court Road tube station is 2 mins walk away. Room is on the smaller side but we didnt really need it any bigger, has all facilities you would require. Ideal for a weekend break where you're out most of the day and just want to come back to shower and sleep. Lots of bars and pubs in Soho walking distance, and can also walk to Covent Garden in 15 mins if you want. Breakfast included so we had breakfast in the hotel one morning and it was lovely, lots of variety. Didnt spend much time in the bar but had 1 drink and was nice environment.  One thing that we hated was the shower, way too powerful and sprayed in all different directions and was just…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, small rooms","Hotel has quite good location. It is very close to Oxford street and Tottenham Court Road metro station. Rooms are too small, 2 people can not move freely. Beds are not comfortable. Cleaning is so so. Re-construction is required for entire hotel.  Staffs are friendly and helpful. There are a lot of options around the hotel for breakfast and meals.  Hotel is ok for staying a few days, but for long term stays I don't recommend.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,Location is everything. This hotel is perfectly placed for the West End and only a short walk from the tube and Oxford Street. We ate breakfast in the VQ restaurant and evening meals in The Hudson. Both were excellent and reasonably priced with great service. We were given a book of money off vouchers to use which meant we had 25% off one evening meal and 30% off breakfast. The food was superb. We booked a twin room which was cosy and clean with plenty of storage for luggage etc. I will definitely book this hotel again for my next visit.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just ok,"Checking in was a lengthy process and the young female receptionist didn't seem to know what she was doing. Not ideal after a flight. My room was at the end of a corridor beside a fire exit making it difficult to get through the door with my suitcase. My room was very basic, but clean and clean towels provided. One thing I didn't understand was that the plug socket was no where near the bed but on the opposite side of the bedroom. Also be careful on the bathroom floor tiles as they're so slippy I nearly broke my neck walking into the bathroom with socks on. You get what you pay for. ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One year on and still good,I wrote a review on this hotel a year ago and at that time there was a lot of building works going on. The works have finished and the hotel is better for it. However it is the staff that make this hotel. I have stayed a lot over the last year and they have always been friendly and attentive. I have often been able to book in early when I was only going to ask if I could leave my case and check in later. I had an incident where I left my room for the day with valuables in the safe and then returned only to realise that I had left the safe open with all valuables on display. Nothing had been touched which showed me the honesty of the staff in the hotel. I did pass my gratitude onto the duty manager. I have also eaten on two occasions in the bar downstairs and again the service…,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"I would thoroughly recommend a stay here for the location alone. It is completely central and easy to get everywhere. It is a stones throw round the corner from the tube station too. The hotel entrance and reception is nicely done and you think you are in for a opulent stay when you see bottles of champagne in the display. The facade starts to slip in the lifts as there look a bit more 3*! Our room was really tiny and the bed was very small. It was clean although a bit shabby. It had all the facilities that you need though and the stay was comfortable. It is noisy in the corridors in the morning which woke us up. The cleaner walked in on us in bed an hour before check out too which wasn’t ideal.  If you look for amazing hotels then this is probably more in the standard category,…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location...Location....Location,"The location of this hotel is amazing...walking distance from Tottenham Court Road Underground, and also Oxford Street. China Town, Soho and Covent Garden are also in reasonable walking distance. You are literally in the middle of everything. I have been staying here frequently for the 10 years and the St. Giles have never disappointed me. I also noticed they did some upgrades on the premises...I was to it was done in late 2016....",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Always stay here,"Great hotel in a very convenient location. We never need to use the tube when staying here.  Around a 10min or less walk to Leicester Square, 15 to Covent Garden.  Right by Oxford Street. The car park under the hotel is very handy and the cost subsidised by the hotel.  We received an upgrade this time and had a slight hiccup with breakfast.  However this was rectified very professionally by the hotel management. Good selection of pubs and restaurants nearby. Will definitely be using again.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and facilities!,We had a great experience at St Giles! Very close to Oxford St and only a 1 minute walk from Tottenham Court subway station. The rooms were ok and breakfast was very decent. There are 2 restaurants at the hotel with resonable prices.,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just about everything you need,Great location. Didn't use breakfast but did use Hudsons 1 night. Food good but draft their own make and not very good Room had everything you needed apart from curtains!ours just had blinds which didn't really keep out the light. Great bathroom andtea and coffee facilities in room.didnt use leisure centre. Not sure what it would be like in summer due to no air con but this time of year would definitely stop again. Booked early on an unrefundable fee so got it for less than £100 a night through booking.com ,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Below Average Rooms and Decent Location,"The rooms are nothing to write home about.  They need updating and it is fairly obvious that they are old.  The saving grace of this place is its nice location.  Close to the West End and many places to see shows, eat and drink.  It is also connected to a casino - which is nice if you are into that.  The room served its purpose and was decently priced but I probably would not stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Downgraded Review,"I previously reviewed this hotel as we stay here regularly because of its excellent central location in the West End almost next door to the Dominion Theatre, ideal for Oxford Street and Leicester Square. However this time it was not so good. Firstly although we booked well in advance there were only standard rooms available - which I understand. I contacted the hotel, explained we were regulars, and asked if they would upgrade us if a better room became available. The only response I got was ""you can cancel if you want""! We were sent a discount code which did not work. The standard rooms are very very small with tiny Windows. Given the prison like exterior of the hotel it felt like a cell! There were queues for breakfast though the buffet was ok. This is a busy tourist hotel in…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect place,"The St Giles is perfectly located just near the Tottenham Court Road tube, in walking distance of all the main points of interest and theatres. A very popular hotel, the reception staff were friendly and welcoming and never seemed to stop. Our twin room was small but adequate, clean and comfy with tea & coffee. There was an ironing room on our corridor (whatever that is) The hotel has a couple of restaurants, we only tried the 24 hour one, did the job at 2.00am, there are plenty of dining options all around. This hotel was great value for money, would definitely use again.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and cozy rooms,"I stayed here as part of a tour group and was thoroughly pleased by the accommodations. The hotel is a fantastic location, not right in Westminster and the main tourist areas, but fairly close and within an easy Tube ride. The rooms are small, yes, but I didn't mind. They were rather hot, however, and I couldn't figure out how to open the window and let some fresh air in. The breakfast was also wonderful, as I love a good English breakfast. Nice and filling. Noise, for me, was not an issue, but I also stayed on the eighth floor, so others who stayed on a lower floor may have had more noise from the city. I would definitely stay here again if I return to London.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,AVOID IF YOU WANT TO KEEP HOLD OF YOUR PERSONAL BELONGINGS- DISGUSTING!!,Had a two night stop at this hotel for my mum's birthday and mothers day.   The hotel was nice and a great location however on the second day we had left some new items in a shopping bag at the side of the wardrobe in our room. On returning and our room had been cleaned the bag with the items in were gone! After reporting this to the hotel and not getting a very good response and after 4 days of battling to speak to the hotel manager on phone after returning home we where told there was going to be no compensation and basically nothing to happen. They really have no compassion or care for there customers or there belongings! I will never ever stay at this hotel again and I will be telling everyone not to either.   Not worth your stuff being taken and your holiday ruined!!  Worse…,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Noisy!,"Stayed for 3 nights. Super location, walked everywhere because it is so central. Small bedroom, but clean and functional. Good value for money for a central London hotel. Main problem is NOISE , thankfully we had read the reviews and brought ear plugs, which is a must. Had dinner one evening in the Sage and Chilli, not impressed I’m afraid. Only 1 out of 4 of us enjoyed their food. However there are lots of places to eat near the hotel. Would recommend St Giles for short stay, but bring ear plugs.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Location,"My girlfriend and I found St Giles perfect for our overnight stay in London. Just a 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station  and 10 minutes from the theatre we were visiting. Oxford St is just round the corner .. perfect.  Our accommodation was clean and beds were comfy. Breakfast was plentiful, a good variety of choices and hot! Staff were very helpful and friendly,I would definitely choose this hotel again. The only thing we felt could do with improving is information of facilities available being put in the room.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location. Small rooms,"Its actually a nice looking hotel lobby and is well situated. All the staff we encountered were nice. Room was clean but tiny. We weren't in it that much, but when the house keeping knocked at 8:40 am on Sunday, I was annoyed. That's too early and is a result of the silly 11 am checkout time.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is great noise could be an issue.,"As the say in their own review this hotel is all about the location. Easy access to all the main theatres within easy walking distance.  My room was small with what I would describe as a very small double bed, however it was very comfortable and had everything I needed.  The main issue with this hotel is noise!!!!  I was in a lower room facing a busy road and London never sleeps there was constant loud noise all night.  If this wasn’t enough the lifts bleeped loudly every time they stopped at the floor, I may have been unlucky in room allocation but I had very little undisturbed sleep.  I was only here for 1 night and I would stay here again, however if I was staying longer I would ensure I had ear plugs sleeping, and may have requested a different room.  if you are a light…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fits the bill very well,"We stayed at the St. Giles from 2-6th March for our Daughters 30th birthday, the main reason for choosing it was it's location and in this respect it did not disappoint. Ideally placed for Soho, China Town, Shaftsbury Avenue theatres and Covent Garden. The hotel is very popular and busy, rooms on the small side especially singles but this is probably normal for London, nicely furnished but showing the busy life they have to some degree. this is the case more so in the corridors , but on the whole clean. We found the staff efficient and friendly, the only problem we had was on checking in. We had booked the hotel through Superbreak with a single room for our Daughter, reception had no record of this, fortunately we had our booking paperwork to prove it, without this I think we…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent,"This hotel was brill the staff were amazing we happened to have a issue with our shower and they fixed it in 10mins , they are all so friendly and polite ... it’s central and tram is just around the corner , there is 3 restaurants in the hotel and they are amazing to... I would deferentially recommend this place   ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location and really nice staff,"So close to Soho, China town, Oxford street and walking distance to a perfect shopping weekend in London.  The hotel lobby Is nice and tidy with lounge area to sit. We didn’t include breakfast so we tried out both the hotel breakfast buffet which we can’t really recommend at that price but the restaurant next door had breakfast to order and it was really nice and with the discount voucher from the hotel it was to a really good price as well.  The rooms are small but tidy. The bathroom newly renovated and really nice - BUT the ventilation in the bathroom was nonexistent so any smell from the bathroom came directly out in the bedroom.... maybe it was just our room? other than that we had a really good stay and we would stay here again when in London. Including pictures of the…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"We stayed here 6-8th March, a short break for me and my husband.  I usually visit London 2-3 times per year and always stay at The St Giles.  It's location is excellent, being very convenient to all attractions from the nearby (Tottenham Court Road) tube station.   The staff on reception/check-in are very polite, pleasant and helpful. The rooms are ideal, everything in there that you could possibly need and always clean. When we got home, I suddenly realised that I'd left some make up etc in the drawer of the dressing table.  I rang the hotel and was told that this would be looked into. I have just received a phone call (next day) to say that my items have been found and are with security.  I am so very pleased with the service of all concerned at this hotel and would like my…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okish,"The lifts need a revamp the rooms and bathrooms are tooo small.. the tv is smallest tv you could imagine.. the breakfast is ok.. I would say anyone who wants a cheap value for money stay in central London right on oxford street, this is recommended.. don’t have high expectations looking at the check in area...",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Very easy to reach from Heathrow airport, also great location to access underground. Stores, restaurants, theatres nearby. Walking distance from Seven Dials. Room is small but comfortable, bed is a bit soft but ok. Breakfast is fine, english style. Concierge & front desk staff very helpful - receptionist Gabriele was very nice.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel,"What a fab hotel stayed for 2 nights pre cruise staff very friendly, pleasant and very informative .  Excellent location right on Oxford street walking distance to main attractions and theatres. Breakfast was excellent good choice a great way to start your day didn't have evening meal but was busy. Room was small but who wants to stay in the room whilst in London bed comfy and good shower hairdryer and safe in room so all you need really would I stay here again and recommend to friends and family yes definately .",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel. Great price. Great staff. Great location.,"Was concerned after reading mixed reviews but so glad we chose here and will definitely book again. Firstly, staff were all lovely, from reception to staff taking luggage for storage to waitresses.  Secondly, we were able to check in early...not get the room but do paperwork etc which meant no long queue at 2 pm.  Thirdly, the room was great. We actually had a separate seating area.... So 2 TVs etc. Room and bathroom had been recently refurbished I would imagine. Next ..the rooms were spotless and daily cleaning excellent. Next... We didn't book breakfast. No need, in fact best not too ?  The restaurant offers great choice of breakfast and we were given discount tokens as well. We had breakfast there each day. Excellent and varied choice. And staff there were wonderful.…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel ,"Stayed here three times now can’t fault it, staff very friendly and helpful, rooms are excellent.  Location is excellent Oxford Street across road pretty much.  Bar is nice and not badly priced for London. Already booked my next trip to London ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice and compact,"Don't expect glamour when staying here. Rooms are compact and serviceable. Comfy bed and clean. What more do you need? Bathroom even more compact and a bit worn. Could do with a refurb. Staff friendly though in this busy hotel. Oh lack of sockets means you have to juggle putting the kettle on, charging your phone and having a lamp on. Liked it though and would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Affordable price in the heart of the west end,I am Tour Manager and we stayed at the St. Giles last Sun night. Our pre arrival needs were carefully taken care of by Aroa who took all our requests into consideration. We arrived with our coach at 18.20 and were greated by Malania who assisted in our check in and all my guests had there rooms allocated with 10 mins. My thanks go to Aroa and Melania who made my work so easy and attended to our requirements,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mr-samson,I stayed at the hotel foe the weekend. My company bookd for me asingel room the room is very very small and its very funy. The elevator stoped worked allot of time There isnt entrance from the parking to the looby of the hotel you have to go bt foot with the luggage and the price for the parking is very expinsve.i will not picked this hotel again. The location of the hotel is great.,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,This isn’t an hotel.,"When staying in a hotel as a minimum you do expect it to be hotel. The St Giles in London surely shouldn’t be called a hotel, a doss house is more appropriate.   After waiting over 30 minutes to check in (apparently new systems that nobody knew how to use) I was told I had a lovely room, I don’t know what to say about that because the hotel is a slum.   I then found out that the ironing room ( no irons in the rooms) was on the 2nd floor, well at least this was right, it is. The problem is the ironing room has one small, really cheap ironing board and one really cheap iron. This is to service a hotel with hundreds of rooms. The really funny thing is that there is a sign on the wall that says “the hotel won’t take liability for any damage to clothes”  When I tried to get back to…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,I have stayed here a number of times and still think this is one of the best hotels around London. I would struggle to beat them for price or location. The rooms are a bit small but a big space isn’t needed. The attached restaurants are great and they even offer 24hour food for guests arriving throughout the night. Would definitely recommend this hotel. ,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for Money,"Let's start with what's good: Great location can't argue with that, good average breakfast, clean rooms, friendly staff. Now to the not so good part: The hotel has so many rooms so the staff are usually super busy, also because of so many rooms, you seem to walk a lot to reach your room so be careful if you're with elderly people or carrying a lot of bags. The rooms are small",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful Stay, But expensive Breakfast.",Very easy to find from Tottenham Court Road Underground.  The reception was welcoming with friendly staff.  They have a 24/7 restaurant which was ok but expensive.  I paid £18.00 for breakfast which is steep and not the best breakfast I've had.  The room small but outstanding quality.  It felt like a posh cabin which makes up for the lack of space.  A busy hotel which is used a lot by large tour groups.  Would stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Staff could do better but nice hotel,"We booked in for 5 nights at this hotel and the greeting was good, nice and polite.  She told us we had been put in a ""bigger"" room as we were staying a while and were on the 11th floor (which I asked for when booking). I did also ask for a quiet room but this room was right next to the lifts so noise most of the night.  The room was nice and clean but if this was a bigger room then I would not have liked to have gone in a smaller one.  This was a good size for 2 people but wouldn't call  it a large room.  The carpet in the corner by the window was worn (the carpet would have been better if it had had a good hoover too as there were bits on the floor) and there were blinds you could open but they were sandwiched between the window panes so you could only open and close them from…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good and not so good,"Perfect location. Staff friendly and helpful. Breakfast very nice, but breakfast room very crowded and people grabbing food. The bedroom was comfortable,very clean but very limited limited storage space.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"Stayed here for two nights ,wonderful location so convenient to shops  etc...ate in the restaurant was very good...reception staff could have been a little more friendly...had a corner room with separate seating area and flat screen tv...also tv in the bedroom..but would stay again",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mini break to see the sites of London,Three star hotel clean tidy rooms are a little bit small but adequate at the top of Oxford Street excellent for shopping and also good spot at top of Oxford Street me my husband and my son we thoroughly enjoyed our time in London and the hotel made our stay very comfortable everybody was friendly and welcoming definitely would recommend it but book in advance to get better deals,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value and location,"Given I paid £75 for the room and its location in central London , I can't complain. The rooms are small but then so are most in London. Good Gym and Pool. Breakfast was a further £10 but again this is optional and cheap for London.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I am quite disappointed with the hotel. Our flight has been cancelled to the UK due to the weather red alert (Storm Emma) and therefore we are unable to travel to the UK. No flights are leaving Irish airports, when I contacted the hotel, 1 day in advance (as soon as I was notification from our airline) I was told I would not receive any refund. I expected even a portion of a refund as the reason for cancellation is out of my control.  I would imagine this hotel is receiving many cancellations this weekend due to the weather.  Very disappointed with this service.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The Beast from the East ,"After leaving St.Giles to try and fly home during the bad weather, we were welcomed back at 2am by the night manager Mark and staff. We were frozen and hungry and the staff could not have been more kind and helpful! We always come to St.Giles but it just shows why we keep coming back each time we visit London. Thanks again! ☺️",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good hotel,very clean and comfortable ..helpful staff ... the place of hotel very good place .near oxford street .  a big lobby and Interance  very good breakfast .lot varieties of breakfast. calm hotels . a lot of lifts ..very fast to arrive ur floor .good place thanx alot for accommodation  ,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Stay,"We booked to go to the Shaftsbury Theatre. The staff are very helpful & polite.  We had a meal in the Hudson which is next door, but does not belong to the hotel. Breakfast was fresh cooked & plentiful. Our only complaint was our room in the East Tower, had the air con units on a roof below, They made a Hum all night, room 265.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for London,"It's clean and in a good spot. If you want a budget hotel it will serve well if you're visiting for the theatre or an exhibition. It was full of parties of teenagers on trips so expect a bit of noise and a crush at reception, but they gave us a quiet, though small room and it served our needs. Staff were very pleasant. OK buffet breakfast but cafe area very busy and noisy. Felt a bit like a youth hostel in that regard. Was fine for one night, but wouldn't want to do longer.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location ,"We stayed here for one night as part of a rail, hotel and theatre package and found it value for money. The hotel is a few minutes walk away from the underground and also Shaftesbury theatre. Check in was quick, the room was basic but spacious and clean. We would definitely stay here again and would recommend to others.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant value hotel,"A superbly-located hotel just off Tottenham Court Road. Recently refurbished, standards quite acceptable at very reasonable prices. Better than budget. Staff very pleasant. Very busy. Not had food. Well recommended. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's clean and handy,"Stopped here for three nights and t was just what I expected. The room was small but adequate, it was clean, fairly comfortable and very well located. We just used it as a base but there seemed to be good facilities, if required. There are local shops which are handy for most anything you might have forgotten or just want. A lot of top attractions are within walking distance but the underground is virtually next door, if you want to venture further. We stayed on the 12th floor, which was nicely out of the way, as it took a flight of stairs from the 11th If staying on lower floors, try to get rooms away from the lifts, they are running at all hours and constantly ping and rumble. But all in all, just what I was looking for.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,"Stayed here as part of a theatre package and couldn’t have been more disappointed! The room was awful... Tiny, dirty, and absolutely freezing! We asked to move and there was apparently only one room available which was exactly the same only slightly warmer. Please don’t waste your money staying here.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really good location - Good Value,"Stayed one night at the weekend. We wanted a hotel that was inexpensive and situated within walking distance to Covent Garden and the West End. This hotels definitely ticked these boxes.  We received a friendly welcome on arrival. The reception area was busy but spacious with separate bar and restaurant areas. We didn't have to time check out the pool and gym so can not comment on that.  We had lovely drinks in the bar, although they were expensive. I also noticed that they had pre-theatre dinner on offer but we didn't try that.  Our room was on the 8th floor and was as I expected - a little small but had everything we needed. The bed was small and not terribly comfortable but for one night it was fine. We found the hotel to be fairly quiet but I can imagine if you had noisy…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Could be better,I have stayed at this hotel numerous times but I think this time will be our last. The reception has been updated it looks nice but that's as far as it goes. We had to wait until well after the time to get our key which should've been 2pm but it was nearer 4pm when we got it. We then stayed in room 115 the view was amazing but the room was a deluxe double and very small. Then in the bathroom the sink was blocked and cracked which was reported. The bed was comfy though. Sorry St Giles you've had our money for the past 15 or so years and now it's time to move on.,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break in London,"Whist the hotel was not a disaster, the attention to detail was very poor. We were put in a small room that was at the end of a corridor next to a fire exit....felt like these were the poor rooms....!! Lose panels covering floor access in the corridor was a health and safety nightmare and a very real trip hazard...! Obviously no health & safety checks done here....!! Filthy corridor carpet was an additional bonus....!! Shower was useless as it wouldn't stay in place...!! Very little contact with staff except for the concierge at check in, he was very helpful. lifts were extremely slow and small. Plus side, the location was excellent, beds were surprisingly comfortable, but I wouldn't stay there again....!! they could do so much better for a 3 start hotel....!!",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff,"Stayed for one night as we’d gone in to wander and catch a show. Rooms are functional and clean , the staff very friendly.  Breakfast was fine - we had pre theatre dinner in one of the restaurants £9.99 each for two courses.  Very well positioned for West End,  theatreland etc and you can easily walk to Embankment etc.  The only thing I would say is the West Tower faces a main road and is very noisy till the early hours (not that you can complain as you’re in the heart of the City - but if you want a restful nights sleep see if there’s a room in another part of the building that may be quieter.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Medium- must upgrade the room,"I stayed in St Giles for 5 nights last weekend. As i read in the reviews the standard room is small I booked the deluxe room. when arriving to the hotel the room was very much not as expected, the bed to my opinion is small for 2 normal size people and the all space is very dark and not welcoming.  We upgraded (with pay) to executive room which was much nicer and big. the shower was the same but the room space much bigger with natural light. however to reach the 13 floor we had to switch elevators in the 11th floor.  The cleaning service is not clear to me as we were drinking our morning coffee in the room and the cleaning lady was just leaving the dirty glasses there and bringing new ones in addition... go figure ...  Pros: * Amazing location , close to oxford and to Tottenham…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Price & location in London,"This is my second time returning to this hotel and I remember why. Possibly the most reasonable and best placed hotel in London. Check in is easy and staff extremely friendly, especially the young lady from Alicante who checked me in Aloa I think her name was. The hotel is always busy but the staff are well equipped and very polite. The rooms themselves are not luxury, they are small but have everything you'd need. A clean comfortable bed, a TV, hairdryer, safe, storage, lovely shower, tea & coffee etc.. Towels are quiet small but they are changed every day. Windows are small but open, not much of a view from the room but we could see the London Eye from the corridor!!! Our room was 948 and we had no noise bother us eventhough we were in the heart of London with the windows…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb location - basic room,"The hotel is close to TCR station. Many attractions nearby. The room I stayed in was very small. Luckily it had a single bed, a double would have meant no floor space at all! Such is the price of convenience! The staff were very friendly and attentive.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"I gave this a ""Very Good"" because of the location rather than the hotel itself. Booking in was easy and the reception is very nice, staff are really helpful.Lifts are a bit of an issue and there always seemed to be lots of people waiting, we ended up using the stairs most of the time although we were on the 8th floor!! The room was comfortable but starting to show its age,the TV had very few channels and the hand set was difficult to use. Only minor stuff but so easy to put right,also the ""bath towels""were more like large hand towels again I know it may be  petty but this could have made such a difference.We used the bar before going for a meal and this is very good with prices that are fairly priced. Location wise it is ideal for the theatre and Central London itself,we'll…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best location,"Best on price and location.  Hotel in it self is ok.  Small rooms, a bit mouldy smell in some of them.  But I've use this hotel several times both with friends and my husband.  For it's location it's the best.  wlking distance to Soho, Leicester Sq, Picadelly, China Town, Covernt Garden and of course Oxford st shopping.  Perfect for shopping on daytime and numerous of restaurants in walking distance in the evening.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location.Ok Hotel,"Hotel is located on the doorstep of Tottenham Court Road the station and the Dominion theatre - so excellent for any central London activities. I checked in online before arrival so did not have to queue at all for my room key- swift friendly service. The price was cheapest in that part of term during half term week. The room was on the small side but had everything I needed - good hairdryer, tea&coffee,safe. Downside to this great location is the noise from the streets - rooms are not well sound insulated plus in room 111 I could hear air con units outside going all night. Also the windows have old fashioned venetian blinds so let light into the room. I could hear noise from other guests in the corridors and other rooms which disturbed my sleep. The corridor areas are quite…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatres and shops,"Stayed over after a theatre trip to 'Phantom'. Very nice hotel, rooms on the small side but enough room for two. Liked the funky portraits of pop singers in the reception, the Amy Winehouse one was excellent. Within walking distance of theatres and shops so a thumbs up from me.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"Great location for central london,walking distance to theatres and many atractions. Our room was small but not cramped. Ok it may need a bit of an update but we could not fault  how clean it was, well done  the cleaning team. A very nice stay and i would definitely  stay again.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Kind and attentive staff to me and my daughter,"Just wanted to leave a quick review on our overnight stay with breakfast at the St Giles. It was the first time I’d taken my 5 year old daughter to London and needed a great central location to tap into all the activities planned.  I cannot fault the hotel, it’s location, our room or breakfasts. All did exactly as we needed for our stay.  My huge thanks go to all the staff: from the front desk, breakfast staff and so on who were all so very welcoming, polite and friendly!! All ensured my daughter was equally spoken to and really made her day, thank you so much! She even left with a complimentary St Giles teddy! I would recommend and use this hotel again as it has left a fab and lasting first impression, well done all.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Easy check in, ideal location  just a few minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station (just a few stops direct from Euston on the Northern line). Booked a twin room for myself and my 10 year old daughter. Room was clean, basic but adequate. When we arrived, the corridors around our room were being used by workmen and our lights weren't working but the problem was soon fixed and an apologetic workman sorted the lights situation. We hadn't booked breakfast but in the morning, booking in was easy enough. The food was ok, standard cooked breakfast and croissants available. When checking out, the concierge kindly held our luggage as we weren't leaving til later that day. He was particularly helpful, a very kind manner. We are back in London in March and we are considering…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well Placed in London ,"Hotel is well placed for visiting London.  Room was small but fine for a few days, had small wardrobe and a couple of drawers.  Bathroom isn't huge but had a good shower, but we didn't find it a problem.  We had room 603 on the first night but due to lorries unloading through the night we asked to be moved as the noise kept us awake.  Staff dealt with the situation very quickly and we was moved to a quieter room.  Staff are very approachable, helpful and friendly.  Housekeeping always speak if they are in the corridors.  Would use again. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location for theatres,The location of this hotel is spot on to access all the theatres and amenities london has to offer even though the rooms themselves are rather small the prices are appropriate for them! Cant fault the staff who were attentive and polite and will definitely be using again. ,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break,"Having read previous reviews I was a little dubious but I needn’t have worried. From the time we entered the hotel the service was great & nothing to much trouble. Also on our 2nd night due to heavy rain we visited the Hudson’s House restaurant where we found good value, tasty food & excellent service.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central London location,"Have been staying at the St Giles in Bedford Avenue for leisure and business over the last 15 years and wouldn't want to stay anywhere else.  Rooms are clean and comfortable with great views of the city, book executive rooms at less than the cost of a standard in other hotels for more space and nice extras like a mini fridge, bathrobes and luxury toiletries.  Diverse and reasonably priced dining and bar options within the hotel, or massive selection of pubs, bars and restaurants within a few minutes walk.  NCP car park, central YMCA gym and casino on site.  Staff are fantastic, friendly and make you feel totally at home and looked after.  Thanks for everything on our last visit (9th to 11th Feb 2018) St Giles, it was great as always, and looking forward to the next one already.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent stay  - 9/10 th Feb for B'day celebrations,"Hotel was recommended by a friend who had stayed at St Giles a few times due to central location and very near Theatre. I was a bit apprehensive as 3*but needn't have worried. I booked direct with the Hotel for 3 couples for a birthday / theatre weekend celebration and had an excellent deal which included breakfast. I booked standard rooms for us all  but our friends after seeing the rooms chose to upgrade (additional £40 per night)to Executive as no Deluxe were available. They had rooms 772 -No hot water initially, reported and resolved and 775 . My husband and I kept the standard room (752) although room was small it was very clean and adequate for our short stay. We took breakfast in the Executive area (served food) on first morning but decided to have breakfast in the…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mould and soggy carpets,"The location is ideal for shopping on Tottenham Court Road or Oxford Street, but the rooms are carpeted, worn and small. The faucet was lose, the ceiling was full of mould in my room. Breakfast was busy and scarse. But the staff is friendly, and try hard.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London visit for wedding anniversary,"We stayed at this hotel for our wedding anniversary, the room was small but we only booked to sleep there, very clean and quite which we were happy about as I do not sleep well when away but did here.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel London,"Booked overnight stay for theatre trip. Clean, comfortable excellent location. Only 10 minutes walk to theatres and Covent garden. Breakfast service efficient and perfectly adequate. A welcoming atmosphere and excellent value for money. Will use again.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"3 night stint, central property","City central property, close to most popular theaters, corner off Oxford Street and Soho. Offers a fresh cooked breakfast, welcoming staff and helpful concierge. Rooms are adequate for a London hotel of this class, clean and spacious shower.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for the location,"Booked overnight stay for a theatre visit in Shaftesbury Ave which is less than a ten minute walk from the hotel, prime spot, two minute walk from Tottenham Court Road , took us less than half hour from getting off train at Paddington and tube to hotel foyer. Friendly , helpful staff, the hotel is large and very busy . Rooms are clean, but small and so was bathroom, but perfect for overnight stay, clean bedding and towels and tea and coffee in room.Ice machine at the end of the corridor. A night cap of two glasses of white wine to end the evening off, cost is less than £10 for 2 , which was a pleasant surprise fo central London. Nearly forgot to add, we paid £85.50 for overnight stay without breakfast, which we considered pretty good value for the location...it really is so…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,For the price I cannot find fault.  For the location it is a bargain.,"Staying in London for the night we found St Giles Hotel.  For the price and location, I was a little concerned I would end up in a dive, which I have done in the past.  It looked fine from the outside so gave it a go.  The hotel has over 600 rooms so is very busy.  We arrived at the right time and got checked in very quickly.  Getting to the room was quite time-consuming as there are limited lifts and a lot of people going up and down. You may have to wait a while to get one with space.    The room (a twin) was very warm and comfy. Not huge but totally adequate.  The bathroom although on the small side was plenty large enough to move around in.  The sleep quality was excellent.  The beds were very comfy in the morning a most excellent breakfast was had.  There was a good range…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent stay... 4/5,The hotel was clean and there wasn't too much of a wait at reception to check in. Room unfortunately doesn't look like what's featured on the website. It was an ideal location for the west End.... walked to Drury Lane theatre and got a taxi back.,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still 100%,"I stay here every time I visit London. It's still the friendliest , cleanest but this time ( not st Giles fault) the most expensive I ever paid for the room I had 7-74) not complaining just slightly more expensive than I've paid before. Still pleasant room and incredibly clean. Quite to. The only other thing is the length of time waiting for the lift. Seriously long time and once had to walk up to 7th floor and down to lobby.  I know there was 60 Argentine children staying and very busy but still long time . Merely a blip.  I do recommend it to everyone where ever your from. The friendliness of staff and cleanliness of the room 100%",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break 🎭 ,"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night . It’s was great value at £101 pp for a theatre ticket to see Annie and hotel stay with full English breakfast included. Nice comfy , clean room with shower all that you need hair dryer clean towels etc. Breakfast was fabulous so much choice from cereals , breads , fruit & full English buffet style so eat as much as you wanted. The hotel is close to all Theatres short walk away . There was a Sainsbury’s local right opposite for all your bits n bobs open until midnight. All in all great short stay recommended. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent hotel,always stay here when I come to London. well located for oxford street and the west end theatres. good value for money. breakfast plentiful and good quality. check in online makes arrival quicker at hotel as queues at reception can be long. only downside are the lifts which have a mind of their own but if you stay on a lower floor you can walk to reception.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location isn't everything,"can not deny that the location was fab, we picked this so that we didn't have a long walk back from the theatre on the night time with the kids, breakfast in the morning was good but I don't understand why a central London hotel offered African teas and not English breakfast . The hotel room itself wasn't great - firstly we had to book two triple rooms to accommodate my young children (one was due to stay in second room with her older sibling) and the youngest with us as I was told that the rooms only catered for 3 people max - however in the room the single bed had a pull out that made an extra bed, only problem then was because the room was so small we literally had a room full of bed that touched one wall to the other, a tiny window that let very little light in and was noisy…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Crowded and disorganised but affordable,Stayed for 1 night. Reception and check in  staff all very helpful. Long area overrun with what looked like an unsupervised teenage school trio the entire time. Breakfast set-up was a joke. It was like a riot in a prison canteen. Room was small but clean and did the job. Walls paper thin and from 8am housekeeping were smashing around the corridors to add to other noise. Waited over 10 minutes for a lift from the 7th floor and in the end gave up and walked down the stairs.   In general this place is ok to crash for a trip away with your mates but don't book if it you are planning a relaxing few days with your significant other. ,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad,Pretty nice hotel but my room was tiny. I did get a good deal though and for a couple of nights it wasn't too bad. Clean and tidy and a great location. Had a meal in the cafe which was really good. Great places nearby including the west end and soho at your doorstep ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Stayed here with my partner whilst we visited London for 2 days. Fantastic location to central London, where you can easily walk to top attractions. It is also about a 30 second walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station - perfect for commuting around London.  Nice rooms, clean and tidy. Staff very polite and helpful. One to remember for the future! ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good accomodation a few steps away from Tottenham tub station,I've been warmly welcomed by the staff during my last business trip. The room was not that large but still comfortabe for a couple of nights. Premises clean and tidy and wifi free of charge. Have alsounderstood that a valet parking is also available for the guests,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely Hotel,Ideally located","Last weekend my Fiancé and I stayed at this hotel as part of a Hotel and Theatre Break. The Hotel was ideally located and we were able to walk to the Theatre and then into Covent Garden and it didn't take long at all. The room was lovely and cozy, not big but perfectly adequate for our stay with plenty of storage and tea and coffee making facilities. There is a gym and pool but unfortunately we didn't get time to use these. The staff were all very friendly and went out of their way to make sure you were ok. Breakfast was great too. Plenty of choice and piping hot. Thoroughly enjoyable stay and would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location isn't everything,"the location was fab, no knocking that . the reception lobby was busy and some members of check in staff were apparently too busy to check people in, we booked two triple rooms for 4 adults and 2 children as I was told when I phoned and booked that no rooms with 4 beds were available, however in the room the single bed had another pull out bed underneath, I spoke to reception who told me that health and safely only 3 people per room - great unless you have more than one child !! The room was tiny, once we had but the second single bed up all the beds were touching, no gap, we literally had one large bed that went from wall to wall. one small window that let in hardly any natural light and lots of noise when open, the room was very warm with heating but no A/C. the bathroom was…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Room not fit for purpose - very loud ,"The room in which we were staying seemed to have the air conditioning system, responsible for the entire wing of the building, located just outside the window. The noise was unbearable and I measured 60.3 decibels from my bed.   I must have achieved around 45 minutes sleep in total thanks to the relentless fan noise from the buildings air conditioning. I called reception to see if anything could be done and after a 30 minuite wait, someone to come to my room to tell me they can also hear the noise, but there is nothing they can do about it. I did agree there was nothing to be done at that time and don’t have unrealistic expectations here.   When paying for a hotel room you are giving money in the exchange for the temporary use of a bedroom fit for purpose (fit fo purpose meaning…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, average hotel ","Stayed at the St Giles for 5 nights in Feb. We chose this location not for its services but for its location to all the tourist attractions. If you're looking for a hotel for just the bed and location then the St Giles should be your first choice. The rooms whilst minuscule were clean and comfortable which suited us and considering the prices it's definitely worth it to say there. We only have a few issues, such as the thin walls so you can hear all the noise in the hallway, housekeeping staff leaving our window open so when we returned at 8pm in the evening our room was freezing (management quickly resolved the situation) and the manager and employee at the breakfast buffet having a very vocal argument in another European language. It was so loud and aggressive that all the…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Visited for one Saturday night as a couple. We received a free room upgrade to a rooftop room, room was clean, bathroom was luxurious and it had eveything we needed. It was a tad smaller than we would expect elsewhere but given the location it was fine for us. Concierge were fantastic, Reception staff were great and so was thexudty manager on Sat night (we did have a problem at a restaurant which isn't ran by the hotel but the duty manager stepped in for us. ) We will be returning and would not hesitate to recommend. A visit to the VQ whilst you are there is a must... staff are fab and food is delicious! Thanks for a great stay. ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very good 3 days stay,"Paid extra for an Executive Twin Room - cost c. £130 p.n. including full English breakfast.  Although not large, the room was probably much bigger than the standard.  Paid extra as I have walking difficulties and needed a fairly large room.  Room was comfortable, very clean, beds very good and bathroom well equipped.  Even a tv over the bath!! Breakfast was taken in VQ (one of the restaurants which opens 24 hours daily). Full english. Very good. Service excellent.  Other restaurants were Hudsons, Sage & Chilli and Tang (noodle bar). Ate in Hudsons one night.  Steak and Rack of Ribs.  Very good quality. Service excellent.  Reasonable prices.  Hotel is very well situated for most attractions, Would definitely recommend this Hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mini Break,"Great location! Ok room comfortable bed. Bathroom very small&,towels poor quality &small. Very friendly staff. Great breakfast good produce and plenty of choice. Happy to look after luggage, I would give it 8/10",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"We were not happy with the room. The double bed was only a small double.. 4ft not even 4'6"""".. the room so small there wasn't even room for a table either side so one of us had to use the floor for our glass of water. Not keen on the glass door to the shower/ toilet room.  Shower head was in need of descaling as the spray was all over the place. Our  room wasn't serviced so we had to go in search of coffee/tea and towels on 2nd morning. No curtains so room was too light in the morning. There was a second area with a pull down bed but absolutely no furniture in there so pretty useless and no door on it anyway and a very small narrow wardrobe but no drawers to be found. The reception was very modern and flash but room was awful for a standard double. On telling the reception staff…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Night away with hubbie,"This hotel is great spot for Covent Garden, very good value for £99 and also you get discount in the pub restaurant downstairs and the spice restaurant also 30% off breakfast which was also very good.Staff were all very professional and friendly. Definitely recommend especially if you need to be near Covent Garden and the theatres.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for a Short Stay,"The location of this hotel is ideal it is very close to Tottenham Court Road Underground so a great location if you are on a night out at the theater. The staff were pleasant and helpful. We went with friends and arrived a couple of hours before check-in as we wanted to leave our bags. They provided rooms opposite each other and as one room was already available they allowed us to check-in early. The rooms are small and showing some wear and tear but they were clean and everything worked. The breakfast was good not a huge selection but all fresh and the fried food was cooked well, again the staff were friendly and helpful.  When in London we don't intend spending to much time in the rooms so St Giles was a good choice for us and despite spending 20 minutes outside in the early…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The best thing about this hotel is indeed the location, 2 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube and a short walk to Mayfair. The check in process did not run smoothly - I was in a hurry to dump my case before meetings and queues to check in. Then I went to my room and there was someone already in there. We were both pretty shocked. I went back down to check in again and was given a different room after queuing. I was told I had breakfast included but it turns out I didn’t and didn’t have time or energy to argue. Having said all that the access to the YMCA gym and pool for a fiver was great, the staff were helpful, there are a choice of bars and you are in a great location. I think it’s going to be my Hotel of choice from now on.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central hotel with good breakfast,"Stayed at the St Giles Hotel again. Was here 2 years ago. The reception has been renovated. The hotel is nice because is has a very good location - and a good English breakfast. The rooms are small - and old.  This time I even had a nicer, bigger room but it was still small. Had asked for at room with a bathtub but never got it. The hotel as a general needs renovation. But the staff is friendly - and Oxford Street is just around the corner.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at,"The below review is caveated with the fact that my wife and I have only ever visited London once and, thus, this has been our one and only London hotel experience. Thus, the scale on which we judge is relative to (mostly) American hotels.   My wife and I had the misfortune of staying here for three nights. The first night, we were in one of the standard rooms with a double bed. The furnishings were reminiscent of a cheap dorm room, and to call the room ""tiny"" would be a gross understatement. There was barely any space to lay down our suitcases, much less to open them. We eventually reached an arrangement wherein one of us would sit on the bed while the other opened their suitcase and retrieved whatever item was needed before switching places. Keeping with the theme, the…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break.,"Well located ,rooms very clean but small and no air con.tiny bathroom.Inexpensive,compared to other Hotels in London,perfect for a short stay.All theatres are a 10 minute walk away so perfectly situated.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located hotel,Centrally located hotel with all amenities. The rooms are comfortable though some need some refurbishment and upgrades. Next to Tottenham Court under ground and Oxford Street. It is a very good place to stay when visiting London or when you need to travel to other destinations in UK or Europe,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed for a short theater break and St Giles had the perfect location. Next to the Dominion and a short walk to most other theaters in the district. Right beside the underground too for exploring more of the city. Close walk to Covent garden. Excellent location for a city break.  Any time we spoke to a member of staff they were very helpful and pleasant. The room itself was fine but nothing special. It was basic, but that's all we needed for a city break. It was a little bit grubby around the edges (bad grouting in the bathroom, broken lampshade, stained carpet etc), but nothing too bad. The shower was a bit annoying because you could not adjust the direction in which it pointed and only had a screen that went halfway across the bath. So it was awkward to use without…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK for short stay,"We stayed for one night on Monday 22nd Jan. I’ll give you the pros & cons..   Pros -location. It’s so close to everything & really easy to get Uber’s/black cabs  -it’s cheap. Compared to other hotels it’s much cheaper but you get what you pay for -the room was clean  -staff we encountered were all friendly. -there’s restaurants & a bar, which wasn’t too expensive. A 24hr restaurant on site. We were given vouchers for 25% off.  -the lifts were fast but I can imagine when it’s really busy they wouldn’t be  Cons -the room was tiny. It was a double but at an odd angle so space was limited -towels were small -one pillow each -the room was soooo hot & we had to keep the window open. Obviously it’s London so it’s noisy outside -the sheets seemed clean but the duvet was really thick &…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,DO NOT LEAVE ANYTHING IN THE ROOM YOU MIND LOSING,"We stayed here a few weeks ago and I had a bag of new clothes but one older dress in the bag. When I returned to the room it has been removed after the cleaners have been. Even though the security guard has been helpful, the manager has said I cannot be reimbursed for the items that got removed from the room. The rooms are also very basic and the breakfast is good. However, the management staff even on the day I lost the items were extremely unhelpful.",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,double bed in a single room,"room 759 is a single room with a small double bed in it.  very small room for 2 people, should be a single room.  bathroom just had a shower & was tiny.  no feedback form in room so mentioned at reception.  breakfast was nice but cheap own brand cereals.  big urn of coffee tasted like instant.  very good location but at £112 it was overpriced.  only 1 bedside shelf.  cheap plastic stirrers - no metal spoons.  only 1 pillow.  shower needs updating.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice small hotel rooms,"We stayed a total of 9 nights from 15 Jan to 24 Jan.   We were assigned 853, a room with no AC, and you need to open the window to allow air flow.  This is our second time in London and both times, we were allocated with rooms with no AC and I assumed it was “normal” in London. I only get to know when I spoke to 2 hotel guests and they were allocated with rooms with AC and so coincidentally, they were whites, making us feel like there were some racism in the room allocation.   This is where the nightmare begins, I never sleep past 5am as there will be vehicle coming in to collect all rubbish, and all I can hear is the glass bottles with loud thumping sound. On Sunday, 24, the alarm went off at around 1.30am. We didn’t know what to do as I was waiting for the announcement.…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Rooms need improvement, but location and reception staff are great","The location of this hotel is really ideal, it very close to Oxford street making it very central. So if you go to London and plan not to stay in your room at all, they this really works. The staff at the reception are really amazing - super friendly and very helpful. The hotel has a 24h restaurant on the reception floor also which is convenient at night if you are hungry. However the breakfast is not that great, there is very little choice and the eggs they make really need to be reworked on so I would not take the breakfast option and grab something outside - London has many breakfast places around!  The rooms in this hotels are honestly in need of serious change. They are small and very old and I do not think they are cleaned very well. So this was really a downer.  They are…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"centre of london, so near theatres, oxford street for shopping,","we booked this hotel as close to all amenities, but was kept awake by police, ambulance and fire engines. We were also woken up by a fire alarm, at 2am, which was a false alarm, then couldn't get back to sleep until 4am. Apart from that, the hotel is very welcoming, the staff were very friendly, and helpful. We were very pleased with the bedroom/en suite bathroom. Even the bus driver was very helpful that took us from the station to a short walk to the hotel. In the morning, we had a buffet breakfast, which was just what we wanted, with plenty of selection. If it wasn't for the lack of sleep, we would have rated higher. We were located on floor 6 out of 8.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Saturday night stay,"Stayed here with a friend on saturday night, in a twin room, that was very clean, comfortable beds, plenty of hot water for showers. A very good breakfast with lots of choice. The price for the twin room and breakfast was very reasonable considering the location, right next to Tottenham Court Road and a minutes walk from Oxford Street. The British museum is a few minutes walk away. The bar was excellent, we relaxed with a drink there late afternoon before getting ready to go out, then when we got back late evening we had more drinks in there, a great atmosphere, the downside was when the person serving us at night, put ice in my brandy without asking (ice in brandy, really?) and then used her fingers to put ice cubes in my friends vodka and tonic, yuk, bit of training needed…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Unbeatable location.,"This is not the hotel for you if you want 5 star accommodation and frills, but for the price it takes some beating. I always pay a little extra for an executive room which comes with more space and air conditioning. On this visit, check in was efficient and my room clean and comfortable. It is a huge hotel, formerly the YMCA which should give a clue what to expect. But the location is outstanding. Oxford Street and the lights of the West End are only minutes away. There are handy shops on the doorstep. And guests look happy.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Holiday,The staff were very helpful. Very pleasant and always had a smile. The room was very nice and comfortable. A good size. Only problem was no cupboard!! Was rather strange. But I managed with the open shelves. Breakfast was great. Lots to choose from. Most important is the fact that the hotel is very very central. Two minutes walk from Tottenham Station.. Very easily accessible to all shows and shops. This is definitely a place to stay and I will certainly return there on my next trip to London.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Low cost good hotel,"Right in the centre of London beside tube station and great bus services.Get a oyster card only £1.50 all day on the buses same route and you can use it on the tube and train and top up as you need it in the tube stations.    This central hotel makes it easy get to and back to all the attractions.  Beside a supermarket and restaurants.  The hotel is good value for a place to sleep, good shower small bedroom with a lounge to sit in. Good swimming pool downstairs £5 fee.  Hotel busy all the time. Has lounge and restaurant.  Did not use the restaurant but used the bar.  Bar staff are efficient, but not a great manner  with clients.  They need to slow down a bit too and smile!!!!! The conciser is very helpful and friendly ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for theatre visits,"Booked this hotel for a visit to the Wes End, and the location is ideal, two minute walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station, and seven minute walk to Shaftesbury Avenue.    Reception staff were friendly and efficient.  As other reviewers have commented the rooms are small, (but then all London hotel rooms are small), but the facilities are all there, and realistically you don't spend much of your time in the room except to sleep.  The shower in the bathroom was great- excellent water pressure  The beds have sheets (100% cotton and a very high thread count) plus a duvet.  One pillow on each bed (twin room), but there were spare pillows and spare blankets in the cupboard.  The room was also equipped with a hair dryer.  We were on the first floor and there was an ice machine…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another fake alarm,"As I read in the reviews, fire alarm is not a very rare situation. We didn’t have luck, alarm went off at 1.30am. A bit of exercise about midnight (up and down on the stairs) could be very refreshing, except if you want to sleep. After that there was no personal apologize just a message in the elevator. Which was also annoying that there were no information about the situation. ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,truth staffordshire,"Just returned. Stayed in what was advertised as deluxe room, paying extra.Room extremely small, not what I expected! Good to have fridge, free safe and T/ C facilities.Breakfast was very good although I thought overpriced. All staff helpful/friendly. Best thing was the location, walking distance to Tottenham Court road underground + theatres. VQ cafe/diner with bar is accessible from hotel corridor, has excellent 24hr dining. Hotel provides vouchers for this and own restaurant = Hudson's House. Would however stay again just for location.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Took a chance and very pleased we did. ,"Great central location, lovely staff and nice big breakfast.  Although it’s only 3*, the staff and location are 5*. Easy walking distance to British Museum, many theatres, and great varieties of cuisine. The room was quite small but very cosy. Bar is nice and relaxed and the breakfast buffet meant we didn’t need lunch. Will be going back to catch up on more of London’s museums and shows. Thank you St Giles - you’re a gem of a hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect in its price range,"Fantastic location only 10 mins walk from Leicester Square and 5 mins from tube station. Room was clean and comfortable,my only complaint was the lighting over the desk and the bathroom mirror was poor to apply makeup by, and I'm no supermodel. Also we were unlucky to stay when the leisure pool was closed for about 2mths maintenance works. All London hotels are pricey but we thought the £130pn we paid in November was great value for the quality of the room and the location. Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for location ,"If you need to stay in central london and don’t want to pay the Earth, then the St Giles is perfect. The rooms are in need of some TLC but they are not poor and you get what you pay for in a great location.   Located just off the Tottenham Court Road / Oxford St junction they have competitive prices for standard rooms. Facilities are reasonable with 3 restaurants/ cafe and a health club (although this costs an additional £5).  My room consisted of a small bedroom and lounge. For a solo traveller who needed to work this was ideal. Most people will just need a base in central london from which to walk out and this is spot on. But it may be a bit cramped for a couple of people over a period of time.  The restaurant and cafe are equally reasonably priced for the area. I visited the…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A hotel in Central London,"The St. Giles' Hotel is just round the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station.   It is therefore centrally located and close to Oxford Street, Charing Cross Road, Trfalfar Square, St James' Park and the British Museum.   The hotel is comfortable and clean, and the food is good.   I had pork belly on a bed of kale last night, and an enormous breakfast this morning - coffee, orange juice, yoghurt with fruit, croissants, ham, and cheese.   The staff were friendly and helpful, and it was not that expensive.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good value for central London","St Giles London is in a fear location, some two minutes walk from Tottenham Court Riad tube station and less than ten minutes walk to the Britush Museum.   The hotel is big, busy and feels safe with pleasant staff. The rooms are small and functional, without much character but with tea/coffee facilities and a good warm shower. We had a room on the 6th floor facing the main road and had some street noise during the night, the hallway was more problematic with only a thin door allowing a lot of noise through from other guests returning home.  I wouldn’t bother with breakfast at the 24 hour VG restaurant as despite the discount for residents it was only OK, but go to one of the nearby cafes.   You can leave luggage with the conseirge on the day of departure free of charge. Overall,…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value,Stayed here just one night    got the room for £72  Total bargain .. decor is a little tired but the enthusiastic friendly staff and a great all you can eat breakfast along with a very clean room more than  makes up for it .. if the decor was spruced up it would be 5 stars all the way for a great budget hotel in the perfect location for all the central London sights ,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shopping and theatre trip,"Very good position for Oxford Street, public transport also good, room very small, dark, basic, bathroom clean but very depressing, all black, no light in shower area, so when the shower curtain is pulled......quickest shower I have ever had!!!!!  Hotel is very busy. Cleaner started knocking at 8am. If you just want a place to sleep, in a good location its fine. Not for us tho.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, shabby but ok on a good deal","We stayed for three nights on a cheap b & b deal. It's very well located especially for Oxford Street and the West End, also with a tube station and lots of bus routes close by.  There's a useful Sainsburys across the road. The public areas are fine but the corridors and at least some rooms are very shabby.  Our room wasn't properly serviced whilst we were there. Breakfast is described as European which means it isn't continental or full English but there is a reasonable amount of choice if you're flexible. However, I have no complaints for what we paid, it was cheap for central London and you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Woken at 8.30 a.m,"We have stayed here twice and found everything as we expected.  My only complaint is that each time we've stayed cleaners were making a lot of noise outside the room and knocked at 8.30 a.m.   When I complained to the housekeepers we were told we should have put the 'do no disturb' sign on the door.  We have stayed at lots of hotels all over the world and this has never been necessary.   We usually have a late night in London as I'm sure do many others, and think that reception should advise guests of this.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,"The location is the only reason I’d use the hotel. I’ve stayed here a number of times now but found this time that the customer service was non existent. Firstly we were in London for my birthday, my husband and I rarely get time away together so we were looking forward to this break a lot. The room was tiny and claustrophobic which is common for London but the double bed was not suitable for two average sized adults to share and each time we turned over we almost fell out of bed. Room was clean the shower really powerful and breakfast was quite nice. The room was noisy when people passed by the door slammed against the wall and then added to by very noisy guests across the way. We were on the 5th floor, we had to go to reception twice because our key card would not open the…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Keeps me coming back,"It isn’t easy to find a good place at a fair price in such a flourishing city as London, but after having visited this marvellous hotel twice I truly believe I have found my favourite.   First of all, the location is exquisite; just around the corner of the British Museum and only 15 minutes walking from Covent Garden, you’re basically at the centre. What’s more, you’ll find a Waterstones, Boots and some genuinely nice coffee shops near the hotel itself.   The staff have always been friendly and helpful, trying to make sure that every customer feels at ease and has the correct accommodation. For a few pounds extra you can enjoy breakfast at the hotel, should you feel like it. They also have a restaurant and a cosy bar with delicious cocktails in summer.  The rooms aren’t…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location",Single room is very small but has all you would expect or need. The hotel is so centrally placed you can forgive the room size. Walking distance of the underground and numerous bus routes.  Breakfast supplied was a choice of hot and cold buffet items and was lovely. The staff were friendly and helpful during check in and when leaving. Bags can be stored after check out.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay,"We stayed at the St Giles Hotel, Bedford Street, London for 1 night on the 9th January.  I had read some reviews that were not very good and was rather apprehensive.  However, from the moment we entered the doors, my fears vanished. The booking in staff were so friendly, helpful and informative.  Our room had a kingsized  bed with a side table on each side.  Plenty of shelf space and hanging space for our clothes and the bathroom was all black marble, with a large shower.  Everywhere was spotless and the hot buffet breakfast was lovely.  Even my hard to please husband was impressed with it.  I am ashamed to say that we stuffed ourselves as the food was so good.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel but unbeatable price,"This hotel is nothing for a romantic weekend, it's a place to sleep in a central location at a very reasonable price. The rooms are old but clean, the bed quality is ok. Can't say anything bad about this place but do also not dream of coming back there. It's functional. Good point is the huge YMCA gym in the hotel, including pool. Cost is 5 GBP",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Thi hotel is strategically located in the heart of London, close ou museums, teathres  and Oxford strret, just a walking distance from Thottenam Court Road tube station. Recently renovated thismis my favourite hotel in London. Single room is very small, but has everything you could need.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Many years ago,Stayed here many years ago. On arrival was told booking was cancelled by superbreak but after investigation and check in it was not. Rooms compact but great location as top off shaftesbury ave at junction tottenham court road. Basic rooms but great location. Was promised free upgrade on next visit..  let me see if i get that..,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Free upgrade but surprised,"We had an issue here a while ago and were offered a free upgrade , well I’m not sure WHAT was upgraded ! Tiny room but comfy, ONE bathrobe between 2 of us ... and breakfast was really quite poor ! On the upside, the staff are lovely and for a budget hotel in London it’s good and well located for soho and theatres 🎭 ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Price reflects ,Stayed here over night for a hospital visit the next morning. Booked a deluxe room but was disappointed in it tbh the bathroom was very nice but a little attention to cleaning needed as I really don't appreciate having other people's hair in my bath. The room was small with a strange little area where they had put a table and chairs. The carpet had seen better days and had been patched up. Breakfast wise standard of food was poor to the point my son refused to eat any of it. Overall the hotel is fine for over night cheap accommodation but wouldn't want to stay longer.  ,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second Time Around...Excellent,"This is my second review of The St Giles London, after staying here last year with friends, my daughter and I stayed here in a twin room last week after seeing the My Name Is Prince Exhibtion at the o2 and having afternoon tea at Scoff and Banter! As per my first review this hotel is in a gret location just off Oxford Street and for the price of the rooms you can not go wrong. We were advised to ask for a high floor to have a quiet room. We were given a room on floor 12. It was brilliant, we had a twin room with amazing views over the city and it was very quiet. They are fairly standard rooms but the bathroom had recently been upgraded and consisted of a lovely power shower, wash hand basin and toilet. Very Nice. The room was super clean, came with air con unit if you needed it…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay.,Great location for seeing many of the sights in London. Room adequate. We had upgraded to an executive room but not sure what was executive about it. Clean and compact. Glad we didn't bring the cat! Breakfast was mediocre. Full English was ok but it could have been better. Staff are friendly and helpful. Would use this hotel again as quite good value but would eat elsewhere.,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant visit,"Stayed at the St. Giles again for New Year's.  The location is fantastic and the breakfast was great.  The manager (Kieran) was extremely helpful to help me correct reservation issues that I had whilst booking online.  Yes, the room decor was dated but for the price, I can't say anything bad about the deluxe room I was able to obtain via a paid upgrade.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent room!,"Booked this for its proximity to Dominion Theatre. Bit worried about the negative reviews on here before we arrived! However the room, a deluxe double, was superb. Separate sitting room and bedroom - a suite!! Two TV's. Fridge, comfy bed, nice shower and clean. Reception phoned the room to make sure we were happy. Would certainly use this place again",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't with special requests,"Rooms small but adequate , location very good , that's where the good ends requested a room on a high floor  back in Nov and have the return email concerning this was allocated 2nd floor , the great concern was on the last morning (our last day off before returning to work) we was awoken at 8am by a banging on the door and the cleaner letting themselves  in . If i had been a lone female i would of been very scared , i called reception who just said okay we will let housekeeping your are not awake , well we wasn't but thanks for that.wasted money on the last day staying was looking forward to a lazy morning . maybe good to have a lock on the inside especially if travelling alone",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just location,"Although the first impressions from the entrance of the hotel and the reception hall are very good, along with the very good location, the rooms are dated and not that clean. The breakfast is good. Rooms need extensive renovation.....bathrooms are small and also not clean.....",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,stay away !!,"stay at this hotel for 4 nights the calling bottom of the elevator didn't operate fot 2 days and we have to clime down 4 floors..room does not clean till 15:30... we have only one big towel in our room,when we asked for one more the answer we got:""we don't have.. ""the only light is the breakfas..and the location..",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Restaurant a bit of a let down ,"Nice and central, so close to everything we needed to get to . Only problem I had was on our second night there we had a meal in the restaurant just off the lobby . While my mates had the cheaper menu, because of my food allergies I had to order from the regular menu. This wasn’t a problem.  The food was sub standard cafeteria food and tasted like it had been heated in a microwave. For €12 for the main you’d expect linguini to actually be linguini, not reheated spaghetti.  The dining room staff were unnecessarily rude to my friends as we went to pay . Including the waitress who had been dealing with us . Other than that the rest of the hotel was fine . Room was small but it was fine as a place just to sleep . I’ll definitely be back but I’ll probably just eat out next time ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Central Hotel,"We stayed at the St Giles Hotel on Saturday 30th Dec for one night. We arrived in the morning and were able to leave bags with concierge until rooms available. PRE checked in in morning so only needed to pick up key when check in was available. Was long queue when we arrived but went down very quickly. Got allocated double room on 4th Floor Rooms basic but very adequate for a one night stay. Very Clean and all the room facilities you need for an overnight stay in London. En Suite Shower room, Tea & Coffee facilities, Hair Dryer. Plenty of Storage. Very Nice Hotel Bar which we used in the evening.  Hotel Adjoined to Grovesnor Casino. Only a five minute walk from Tottenham Court Road tube Station. Very central for night life and shopping. All in all a very good hotel and will…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good, bad then appalling",Don’t stay here unless you can’t avoid it. This hotel is doing little to deserve patronage. It’s a huge hotel with little regard for the basics you would assume came with a hotel in a first world country. The good bit is that the staff are very pleasant and were in one particular case - extremely helpful. Props to Melania - someone headhunt her! But it’s the room experience that is most crucial. Our room had no aircon of any kind. The window was locked. Not even an overhead fan in the bathroom! The first time we tried to flush the toilet there was a plumbing problem. To be fair some help did arrive soon and we managed to get them to open the window while they were there. A day later the hand held shower unit fell because its metal neck on the wall had a chip. The shower unit…,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location for shopping in London,"The hotel has small but comfortable rooms. The sleep quality was good, with comfy mattress and pillows. The reception staff are very efficient and friendly. Good facilities for a here star hotel. A very good location and affordable prices.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel in the heart of London ,Nice spacious and clean room. Quality food is served at the restaurant. Location is amazing and a walking distance to central london and very close to tube station. Friendly and helpful staff. I recommend it to couples and travelers who wants to be close to central london. ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay here if you need to lay your head and explore London,"This hotel is brilliant if you need to ""dump your bags"" and get going in London. Its not luxurious; far from it, but if you want a clean hotel, with a hot shower, and a clean bed, and a fantastic breakfast, a hotel which is five minutes walk from Oxford Street, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden, ten minutes or so from Whitehall etc etc then this is for you. Great staff, really helpful, even with looking after your bags while you are out and about. Think : not a bedroom; more a room with bed squeezed in and you wont be disappointed. Great!!!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Prepare for a small room, really small!","The main positive point of the hotel would be location, a few minutes walk from the British museum and not far from many other attraction, I didn't try any of the restaurant but there are many choices. Long queues for check in but reception managed to make it happen quickly, maybe it's better if you do the online check in. The main negative point would be the size of the room! maybe the smallest I had in my life, even towels are small! But it's the price to pay to get something not very expensive and central.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Steerage on HMS Titanic ,"Sounds a bit dramatic, but this felt like I was on the lower decks of the titanic. From the small hallways that had a nautical theme to the bad service all round.  Checked in, person at desk was polite but when i asked about Wi-Fi I was given a stare like i was asking a dumb question...thwn that was met with ""you'll find out the information when you try to log in"".  The lifts were small and infrequent, once I waited 9 minutes, another time i took the stairs (5 flights).  The vending machine on my floor was another sore point. I wanted to buy something worth 70p. I put coins in and the machine wouldn't accept pound coins or 10p so I ended up with 65p in there. The machine wouldn't give ""change without purchase"" so I had to leave it. When I came back about an hour later my p had…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay in London,"Great location. Great hotel. The room was clean, even if small. I would return here when going to London. I did not check gym this time but I would like to do next time. The hotel restaurant can be used - the prices are average for London, but there are several other places nearby too incl Starbucks for breakfast. Oxford street with all the shops is just 50-100 meters away, same distance to nearest subway station.  Thank you!",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value in the city centre. ,"Love this hotel. Been for the past 8 or 9 years now.  We book an Executive Room on the 13th floor with panoramic views over London .... comes with full breakfast (juice, tea, yoghurt and full English) served in the restaurant - not buffet style. We like RT5, its huge. Situated at the top of Oxford St, it's ideal for walking to West End shows, which is why we visit London. The room is pristine and has a really big shower in the ensuite. Tea/coffee, safe and mini fridge all there as is a table and two comfy lounge chairs.  Plenty of shelves and hanging space too. What more could you want? All the staff are lovely - really helpful.  Lobby has just been refurbished and looks great. I really wouldn't consider anywhere else! ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,unique shaped hotel in great location,great hotel at a great price. staff helpful. room was small but clean and modern. would stay again. four lifts but were quiet slow to arrive when called causing ques. used the linked restaurant for breakfast both days.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel worth visiting,"Very nice staff, helpful. Great rooms renovated with fantastic view of London! Will definitely revisit. Bathroom clean and new, beds really comfortable. Kettle in room with a choose of teas and coffees, welcome fruits and water. Mini bar full of treats.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel ,"We stayed here for our trip, the location is very central,only a two minute walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station and Oxford Street. The staff were very friendly and helpful when we booked in and also on our departure. The room was ideal for our needs with a great view of the BT tower from the room and of the Eye from the corridor. We will stay again on our next trip  ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a prime location ,"We arrived at an extremely busy period but despite this were greeted by the friendly reception staff and given our room key promptly. The hotel is in a great location, caters well to its target market which is good clean spacious rooms in a great location at a very reasonable price. Would stay again. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A night at St Giles LONDON hotel,"I had a one night stay at this hotel. The location is excellent. Tottenham Court Road tube, Oxford Circus ,Covent Garden, theatres and restaurants are less than 3 minutes walk away. There is a 24hr restaurant in the hotel with very reasonable prices, as well as a bar. The rooms are lovely comfortable, clean, warm and well equipped. You can check in on line which I found very helpful because there was a queue at the front desk. I had a minor problem with my booking which I created myself. However when I rang the hotel It was immediately solved for me by EVE in reservation. She was excellent and knew her stuff. Thank you EVE. I will definitely be using this as my London hotel from now on.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent - 100 thanks to the very helpful staff,"This hotel is a little bit off the beaten track, but it offers excellent friendly service, a comfortable nights sleep and is well connected to public transport.   For me there were two huge plus points, first the staff were just fabulous - very very helpful and second this hotel although it does have sealed windows, has the very sensible policy of having someone available to open them if you ask! There is no substitute for cool fresh air to help give a great nights sleep. Whilst being fairly simple decoratively this is more than made up for by the fabulously helpful staff.  If its a good nights sleep you are looking for in a friendly hotel near Heathrow - I would add this to the list of places to consider staying at. Recommended.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location. Good breakfast.,Perfect location for visiting London. Five minutes from the nearest Underground station. The English breakfast served was excellent and the staff were all very helpful. The room was very clean and the facilities provided were more than sufficient.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location with professional service,"Excellent location, On Oxford Street within walking distance from Covent Garden,SoHo and to the other major sites. A courteous and professional staff of the reception and chambermaids. Small and clean Rooms. Breakfast is not varied and it relatively basic to a three-star hotel in the Center of London.  Overall we had a pleasant time.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Room without a view,"The smallest room I've ever stayed in. But clean. The view was bizarre. The towering sides of the hotel either side, a flat roof below with a small gap to look out from. The evening meal was fine. The buffet breakfast ok, but the sausages were awful! Texture like paste! Overall ok to stay overnight in whilst we took in a show (The Phantom of the Opera). I think they try and pack the most people in the available space.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mr Mrs Ian Gitsham ,"Good location we used two tube stations one literally one minute away other ten minute walk, room adequate size for one night. Clean tidy and a nice shower. Staff really nice will use again. Lots shops nearby along with attractions. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Never again: Small, smelly & noisy","This is by far the worst hotel I have stayed in whilst in London.  I was in a single room and to be quite frank I’m sure you get more room space in a prison. On entering the room I was met by a disgusting drain like smell. Was hoping it would dissipate but it only kept returning. Yuk.  The toilet and bathroom is something of a joke. Sink has been placed in the shower and looks like something of an afterthought.  The room was inches away from the lift shaft thus lift noise continuously from entering the room and throughout the whole night. This was coupled with inconsiderate guests shouting to each other at 3 and 4 AM.  I was hoping the breakfast would be its salvation. Sadly this was not to be. The breakfast was very basic,rough and ready. I asked for poached egg or a boiled egg…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,First class location,I am very happy that I discovered the St Giles Hotel. The rooms are a little odd as there is a little bedroom and a little dining room attached and a bathroom. However they were clean and the bed was made for us every day. Breakfastl is included and the food was very good. The location of the hotel  is first class as it is centred in the middle of the theatre district and right next to Oxford Strret. The staff are also extremely pleasant and helpful. All in all this is an excellent place to stay!,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"St Giles Hotel is in a great location at the top of Oxford Street and great for theatre goers. Its a 3* hotel and nothing more. The rooms are disappointingly small and very warm, in fact the whole hotel is very warm especially the breakfast room. We were celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary and have always, worldwide, enjoyed lovely niceties when celebrating an occasion ie a complimentary  bottle of wine / champagne or bowl of fruit - even room upgrades but this time we received a tiny box of mints! Wow they really know how to make you feel special!!  Try to book a B&B offer otherwise the breakfast is expensive. Would stay again but only for the location. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location ,"We have just returned from a two night trip at St Giles, we were very nervous given some of the damning reviews, however we were very pleasantly surprised. The location completely outweighs any issues relating to the need for updating or the size of the rooms. I would suggest that if the purposes of the trip means spending large amounts of time in your room this may not be great. However, if you are seeking a central hotel to sleep that is relatively clean, well kept and friendly then this is a great place. It is also very competitive in relation to room rates, book early to save disappointment. We were located on the 8th floor and ended up with a room you could see the Shard from I mean this is just a dream come true. Read the detail of the bad reviews, some of them are picky…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and friendly staff ,"We visited for a night at the start of December, the rooms are really warm, however we asked a member of staff to open the window for us and they did it within minutes. We also asked for extra pillows and they did it straight away for us. The only issue i had was how long we had to wait for the lift, we were stood there almost 10 minutes. The breakfast was delicious, it had something for everyone. I would visit again",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap for central London,"Our usual hotel was fully booked so we tried this one for a flying visit.  Very conveniently placed just off Tottenham Court Road.  The room was tiny and over heated but had en-suite and was clean.  In addition, breakfast was adequate and included in the price.  There is a car park beneath the hotel where you get 50% discount if you are daft enough to drive in to London!  (We had no choice).",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday break ,"Took a friend to stay at this hotel for their birthday .very well located to the theatres and central London .The staff were very professional and courteous .The room was superb , and more importantly quiet !! Very spacious , and the beds were the most comfortable  I’ve slept in for a long time .we will defiantly make a return visit .",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not sleeping there again,The hotel looked promising. But then we were on the way up to the room and as soon as we opened the door I was just shocked. I am fully aware that this is London and it’s a City hotel but this was awe full. The room looked more like a closet. The window was not really a window. When we opened that thing we had some kind of generator outside so we were not able to leave it open. The TV was so tiny that i thought it was a tablet a first. You could even see that a bigger tv used to be there once!   Location is the hotel thou is very good. I think that they need to do some renovation!! ,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The worst Hotel I have stayed in,"My wife and I could not wait to leave this hotel. Whilst the staff were, in the main, helpful we felt let down in other ways. There was insufficient toilet paper such that my wife had to help herself from the cleaner’s trolley. The toilet didn’t flush properly which was embarrassing. The water in the sink didn’t drain as it should and conversely when the sink was filled the water started draining away. The blinds on the window didn’t work as they should and the tv remote worked when it felt like it. We were also unable to control the heating and the room was very warm so we had to open the window. There was a lot of traffic noise as a consequence. We understand that the rate for the room was reasonable but, none the less, expect certain standards. The room was claustrophobic and…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,amazing hotel at amazing price,"spent 3 nights at this hotel.    did the booking through booking.com...very easy.  Did online booking so all i had to do was to pick up my key at reception. Room was ready for 11 am . very clean, staff were fab. very good location",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel. Not good value ,"Business trip overnight stay.  Over £200 for one person in an okay room with nice view.   Fairly typical quality for business stay but let down by easily rectified issues.   They had a mini melt down that the reservation had been made by a pa so the booking person didn’t tie up to me. Took about 10 Minutes to sort out.   Towels were cheap and rough. First world problems I know 😊 Meat and cheese selection in continental breakfast was ham and cheddar. Full stop. And the ambiance of a holiday inn express  (ie canteen style).   Location was good, just next to Tottenham court tube.   Wouldn’t stay again unless price was more inline with 130 a night which is more typical for that level of hotel in London for that kind of room and ambiance. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"WELL LOCATED,GOOD VALUE,","We had a n executive room which was spacious,modern and well equipped.The hotel is well located, being a 15 min walk from Kings cross and lust a mins walk from the tube. We used the vq restaurant and were pleasantly surprised by the good proces and quality of the food on offer.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"Booked a triple room and was so impressed when we got to our room to find it had an interleading single room with a fold out single bed. You can’t beat the location, just off Oxford Street and the full English breakfast was wonderful. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay here again ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,one night stop over,"The St Giles is a perfect hotel for location only minutes walk to theatre land,oxford street,covent gardenand the british museum.The rooms are big enough and well proportioned although the maids are eager in a morning to get you out. Restaurant is very nice and staff attentive,be aware surcharge added to bill, concierge second to none anything you need they deliver .",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and Staff make this a winner,"Location just off Oxford St, next to Soho, Theatres and great public transport links make the St Giles an ideal location for a London visit.  The welcome from the team is warm from the moment you step into a modern reception til the moment of check-out....Check in was impressively fast for us.  Rooms are interesting! I suspect they were built in an era when Carry On movies was topping the box office in nearby cinemas at Leicester Sq....our room was like a strange collecting of boxes...one for bedroom, one for a very small sitting room with extra tv...and one for small bathroom....just weird...but very comfortable and warm...  The warm welcome extends to the hotel bar where the staff are particularly good...However given the location the lure of Soho and other nightlife will…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cosy,"I have just stayed here for the 2nd time for work purposes. Brilliantly located, this is an ideal hotel for visiting the sights of London. Tottenham court road tube station is 200 meters away, at the very bottom of Oxford street. I had a single room on the second floor. Very small but adequate. You don't spend all day in a London hotel room !!! The restaurants and bars in the hotel are well furnished, with competative prices. Nice food too. There is a reason this place is very difficult to book. Recommended. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break away,"After reading some reports on here I was a bit worried about  stay here.But my fears were misplaced , check in was fast with no waiting around , the room and bathroom were clean, the breakfast was spot on . The hotel is convenient for Oxford St (2 min walk if that) Tottenham Court Road underground station is close by.I would definitely stop here again when I go to London again .",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central hotel,"Great central hotel , near Oxford street so good walking distance from the main shopping areas. Hotel rooms small but have all you require. Nice bar with snacks. Good full English breakfast.Staff very polite and friendly",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Stayed here for a conference in the hotel’s conference venue. Excellent location very close to Tottenham Court Rd tube station, Soho and Oxford street. Room was clean, wifi fast and breakfast buffet was excellent. Good value for money, would stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, excelent service and a close 24h restaurant","My stay was just one day business. The service is good, great breakfast and in the same space there is a 24 restaurant that helps for a quick service. Traffic to get there was a problem, but I don't think it is unsual in that area of London.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible place! Old and pathetic. Never again.,"We just came back from London. Unfortunately we decided to book two nights in this hotel, because it was conveniently located in the area we needed to stay during those days. Our experience has been really bad. At our arrival our reservation (made through Expedia) was lost. Luckily (only plus of the place) our receptionist (an Italian girl named Elisa) has been really kind and assisted me and my partner in a very professional and friendly way. The room was a nightmare. The bed (they sell for a double) was barely a queen, the room was tiny to say the least, old with a smelly moquette (very old) but the micro-bathroom was clean enough. A very small TV, a safe that didn't work, a hair drier under the desk in the room? An electric heater? Really? Never seen something like that in a…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Easy hotel to find from Tottenham Court Road Underground.  Efficient quick check in with a friendly receptionist. Hotel room was fine for one night.  We ate at the 24 hour restaurant for lunch and it was just ok with hindsight we should have ventured out and gone elsewhere but we had just arrived.  Either way we would definitely stay here again as the price was great for the prime location.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,Had a lovely weekend at at Giles very clean staff were very helpful and always had a smile  the location is excellent we didn't have breakfast so can't comment on this but would definitely stay again hopefully next year,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Booked a stay while attending a concert in the weekend of 27 oct. The room was nice and clean, with a great shower and comfy bed with extra pillows and duves if needed.  The staff were very friendly and helpfull and the check in and check out process was really fast, considering the hotel was very busy.  The bar area was very nice and food delicious. I really enjoyed the stay and the location of the hotel is great and easy to find.  Will definitely re-book when back in London.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Budget London Hotel,Get what you pay for... The hotel was clean and very reasonably priced. Good location in central London. Decor could is definitely due for an update! Not a bad hotel definitely great for someone in a budget.,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel,Great hotel in excellent location very clean and delicious breakfast...the refurbishment looks really good...staff very helpful. We have stayed here before and always enjoyed it. Will definitely be staying again.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No frills value hotel,My colleague and I had to go to London for a week and so we decided to be careful with our budget. Our travel agent recommended the St Giles Hotel and so we booked and stayed there for the week. On par with Air B&B prices but including breakfast helped us make the decision.  Nothing remarkable about the hotel. But they were friendly well organised and efficient. The rooms were clean. Bathrooms were adequate. Breakfast was solid (except the coffee).  Don't expect 5 star and you won't be disappointed. ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Only had an overnight stay here whilst going to see Classical Spectacular ar the Albert Hall.    Large crowd at reception dealt with quickly and efficiently by staff.  The room was sufficient for overnight with very comfy clean beds.  Only problem were the Bath/shower tap was a little loose in the wall.    This Hotel has 3 different places to eat and we chose Hobson's - pre theatre offer from 5pm at £12.95 for two courses and the food was excellent with very pleasant servers too.  Lovely breafast the next morning.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel in a good location,"The hotel was a minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road Station and surround by shops, pubs and a Casino. Impressive entrance and Concierge with friendly staff. There are plenty of lifts and the gym and pool were ok. I was on the 8th floor so the views were good and it was quiet. My room was small but functional with an additional fold-down bed in a cupboard. The bathroom was small but modern and the shower was excellent. Free WiFi was fast. Breakfast was good and there were 2 hotplates and lots of seating to cater for large numbers of guests. However, as I checked out there was a huge queue waiting for breakfast. Check-in and check-out was quick and the staff were efficient. The sleep quality was good and the bed was very comfortable.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Centrally Located, Reasonably Priced hotel","I trawled my friends asking for a centrally located reasonably priced hotel in London that they could recommend and as a result I booked this place. It does exactly what it says on the tin.  When I say it was centrally located, I chose to walk too and from  Leicester Square & Covent Garden in the evening in heels as it was so close and taking a tube seemed excessive.  1 minute from Oxford Street & the tube. There are two bakeries literally on the doorstep if you want to sort your own breakfast and a Sainsburys Local across the road. Numerous eateries for all tastes within a stones throw.  Yes the rooms are small - but all hotel rooms in London are small & its not a place you spend all day in your room relaxing! The bathroom had only a mixed body wash/shampoo but I thought this…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value hotel,"My mother and I had a very pleasant stay in a twin room here. Compact but clean and comfortable, decent shower facilites. Reasonably priced compared to other hotels in London. Great location I would stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful Hotel & Staff.,"Group of girls stayed for one night and that was too long, dirty carpets, horrible smell in several of the rooms, rude staff on reception. Far better hotels for the same price.  Even charge you to look after your luggage for a few hours! Bar was good with friendly staff.  We was woke up at 6am to the fire alarm going off, other guests said they had it the previous day at 6am and then 8am.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just okay,Booked last minute the night prior for a one night stay in London. Paid $118 for a standard room.   Lobby seemed very nice. The heat was on full blast however so it was difficult waiting for the receptionist to check us in after coming in from the cold with heavy coats.   Room was very outdated. Walls were dirty looking. Moved the two twin beds together by moving the nightstand from between them. The comforters seemed dirty.. so I removed them and used the blankets from the closet.   The shower filled up while using the shower for only a short period of time. That’s one thing that seriously disgusts me in a shower stall. Immediately drained once out of shower so that was kind of odd.   For the price it was okay. Probably wouldn’t be overly excited to stay here again. ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible,"Small rooms, really dusty, really dirty and housekeeping kept opening my window so on my second nigth I got sick... Pretty ok staff though, they were nice and polite... Pretty central as well... Just about a 5 min walk to oxford circus...",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for London,Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights for bed and breakfast! Rooms are compact but good and clean . Good value for money and rooms cleaned everyday. Friendly staff and sorted out taxis for us . Lifts a little slow coming to the floors however great value for money.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very very dirty - avoid!,"I stayed here because of the hotel's location at the bottom of Tottenham Court Road and near Oxford Street, which is very convenient with lots of good restaurants nearby. However, this hotel is old, depressing and very dirty. Everything is very old, threadbare, scuffed, stained - the carpets, furniture, etc in both common areas and the rooms. In my room, I found hairs and stains on the bed and in the sink which didn't look like it had been cleaned at all. The toilet had also not been flushed!  Yes its well located and cheap but its one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Customer Service Makes Hotel Competitive,"I Stayed At This Hotel For A Night. This Location Has Excellent Concierge, Great Attentive Support Staff, Good Location. The Staff, Consistently Went Above Minimum Support & Showcased Excellent Customer Service! I Highly Recommend This Hotel Provide Free Internet! That's Basic These Days! The Hotel Was Slightly Dated But Was Being Renovated!! I Recommend This Hotel !!!",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We had a couple of nights here before and after our tour. We were on the first floor facing the street firstly which was very noisy due to nearby casino and late night revellers. The room was the smallest room we’ve ever stayed in, very difficult with two sided suitcase. The bathroom had been renovated and was tiny. We stayed on a higher floor the second visit which was quieter and a bit bigger. The breakfast was fine with hot and cold food. The location is the best feature of this hotel and the staff were helpful.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful but great location ,"Where do I start the lobby area was lovely that’s about it, it was my birthday and wow the hotel was awful ruined it a little. My they put us in a bigger room because my fella said it was my boyfriend, but I dread to think what room we could of had our room was like a matchbox , we Went into room 600 the room it smelt of wee not a great start, the carpets were dirty, our bed one side had a massive dip and I wake up on my birthday with a bad back had no sleep, no soap was provided in the room, 1 tiny bath towel and 1 hand towel, the windows and boards in the room were layed with dust, just very poor and we had to use an ironing room to iron our clothes which was very arkward and weird. So very poor, location was good and lobby was lovely but everything else very poor indeed. Will…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top location good value for money ,Top location stayed when visiting Motown the musical and for 109 I think it is pretty good value! if you want luxury your paying more than double for this area so if your looking for cheap and cheerful this is the one ,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No frills hotel,"Stayed here for 3 nights on business and the hotel was basic. The room very small and the shower was tiny. If you are of a larger stature you would have great difficulty getting in and out. Not a chance if someone is sat on the toilet of getting in and out of it. The bed was comfy though and check in staff friendly. Breakfast was average at best. The breakfast team were not very friendly and only once out of three days was i offered a hot drink, not very good. The wifi was fine and location for what i wanted again was fine. I dont think i would stop here again though.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I didn't think hotel room existed like this any more,"I stayed in room 948.The walk from the lift to the room should have been warning enough, the corridors were stark to say the least ...............but on entering the room I was met with a rather unpleasant smell. The furnishings are worn, dated and extremely shabby. I have not seen a hotel room like this this century. The bed was OK, the shower I thought was clean and OK. Unfortunately when I had a shower it failed to drain very quickly. On trying to sleep the sheer thickness of the walls were apparent. I could here every cough of the visitors around me. Breakfast was awful.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location,This is a regular hotel that we go to when visiting London and the theatre. It’s a fab location. The staff are all friendly and the rooms perfectly adequate for a comfortable nights sleep. My only criticism is the sausage that is served at breakfast. Truly the worst offering I’ve had in any hotel. We will be back. ,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient with no frills,"A fantastic location in the centre of London just a couple of hundred yards off Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube station. The hotel itself is basic, no frills, its a room for the night with no luxury but if you go there with these expectations it is fabulous. Breakfast was lovely - although the lady on the line not the friendliest of people :-) and the lifts are a nightmare and take FOREVER but we stayed 4 nights and it was fine and more than adequate for a stay in a city where you really don't need to be in your room other than to sleep. We would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ottima Posizione per piccoli soggiorni,"The price paid is only for the location. The room was small, the bed very small, and not even nice and well looked after. Buffet breakfast not too varied but still acceptable! Staff helpful and courteous. For the price in central London, the value for money is decent, but the room is fine for small stays with a few luggage. Good wifi. Less good the lifts. Sometimes you are forced to walk down the stairs if you do not want to wait too much and waste time.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just dont expect much,Had a single room booked and shocked that this ended up in me having to live in a 6 sqm box. Not even a bedside table fits in the box that feels claustrophobic and is dirty with dust framing the windows. No curtains. The paint is coming off the wall....and the bed doesnt have a duvet but simply a bedsheets. The only good thing is the service. Staff are very friendly.,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A reliable stay in a central location.,"Breakfast sausage rating: 0/10.  I have trouble calling the breakfast offering a sausage.  It would be rejected from most school menus, laughed at by our continental cousins, and gives our hotels a bad name. Not sure what it was made from, and not an herb in sight. I cannot even give the catering team a sympathy point for having English mustard as a breakfast condiment. Shame on you!  Been to this hotel several times and will go back. Usually stayed as part of a Superbreak or another discount package. This place is a cheap stay, small rooms, in a fantastic location.  I have always enjoyed my visits, the staff are friendly and welcoming.  It is a quick walk to theatres, British Museum, and Trafalgar Square. This hotel has always suffered from delays in lifts at peak times. …",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So convenient,"The hotel has had recent renovations so the reception area is clean, tidy & fresh. The reception/check in staff were very friendly. We arrived a little earlier than check in time but this wasn't a problem as we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel so we could go & shop & return a little later. The lifts to & from the bedrooms and reception are not very adequate for the volume of visitors to the hotel & you are often left waiting for some time during busy periods e.g. Breakfast. The bedrooms are small but adequate if you are only using the hotel as a base for sleeping. Our room only had a shower, no bath & I believe most are the same. Breakfast is available but we didn't partake so can't comment on this. The location at the top of Tottenham Court Road is so convenient for…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location ,All family stay at St Giles hotel in London during October - the rooms were pleasant  - the breakfast with a variety of things to choose  - the staff very helpful  - the hotel location central and convenient ,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab 5 day stay in Central location,"What a little gem this is. Okay...its not going to win boutique hotel awards...but its clean, comfy and the staff are helpful and obliging. So close to attractions. Room was on floor 4 east tower & quiet!! Had 5 good nights sleep...and will be staying here again !!",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Week in the West End,"We stayed again in the St. Giles and it was good, the bar downstairs is wonderful with very attentive and knowledgeable bar staff, it’s a fun place. We stay in this hotel every time we come to London as it’s very central with the Tube 50yards from the hotel and it right on the corner of Oxford St and Tottenham Court Road. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,AS few days in London,"We spent 4 nights in the St. Giles hotel, London in early November 2017. Check in was easy and surprisingly our room was ready at 11-30 a.m. We paid extra for full breakfast (as opposed to just continental) and there was a good choice in all categories.The room we had was on the small side but quite comfortable. This hotel is in easy walking distance from many of the sites and Oxford Street is just around the corner. I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Night out,"Decided to take a trip to the city to take in a show(Motown story)and found the St Giles hotel and the tickets in a deal. Hotel outside Tottenham Court underground station and well situated to access theatre land. Disappointed in the rooms as we booked a double but the size of the bed was inadequate and the rooms were very small.Only one bath,hand towel provided so who ever showered second doesn't get dry. A good point for the hotel was their breakfast which was very good.Buffet style but plenty of choice and no shortage of tables.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,We had a good 2 night stay here. The breakfast was buffet style and was hot and plentiful with a good selection of hot and cold food. The room was small but clean and comfortable with a good shower and plenty of hot water. The staff were all very helpful and smiley. The only criticism we had was you could here pumps and motors starting and stopping on the floor below throughout the night.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Quietly Efficient,"Just enough in all departments. Standard room has a bed, desk and chair, TV. Charging ok with a few power sockets where you want them  rather than having to move something. Shower ok. Basically all ok. The quality of breakfast ingredients was poor and below expectations but once again all ok.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic but prime locatiom,"Rooms are quite old, worn out, needs refurbishment. Bathroom is small. Especially shower cabin is very small.  There are a couple of restaurant in hotel. Looby area smell food most of the time.  But the location is great, so close to Oxford street.  Staff is excellent. Always helpful, attentive and kind. Cleaning of the room was very good. Beds were too soft.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Quick overnight,"Refurb to Lobby now finished. Very nice, welcoming friendly staff. Online check-in no waiting straight to room. Very comfortable bed and breakfast served in VQ Resturant as booked Executive room. Bathroom bit dated but plenty hot water and unusually had small bath with overbath shower. Great after lots of walking before evening at 100 Club. 3rd visit and will be back next trip to London.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Always stay here as it’s close to everything we want, theatres, shopping, bus straight to Camden.  Hotel clean & lots going on, Hudson house bar is a good start in the hotel. Staff helpful, always stay here & would recommend.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cheap, not so cheerful ","I’ve stayed in London on a regular basis, usually in the Russell Square area, but couldn’t get in usual hotels with a last minute booking.  This must be the noisiest hotel in London. My windows are closed, but there is a draught, and the outside noise is really bad. If you want a good night out and London and want a sleep, this isn’t my idea to sleep well.  Staff are polite, but that’s the only positive I can come up with. ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location near Oxford Street and Dominion Theater.,I had a single room which was small but very adequate. Spend two nights there and was able to walk to 2 theaters. The hotel is very near Oxford street and in a busy area. Lots of eating and shopping near by.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great staff but hotel shabby and overpriced,"The hotel is in a great central area, and in easy reach of all amenities. The staff on arrival were polite and helpful, and the reception area well kept. I booked to stay in a 'luxury' double room, at full market price. Once I got to my room (501) (accounting for the lengthy delays in waiting for the lift!!) I was disappointed at how small it was - the bathroom was tiny, and the bed took up the entire bedroom space; although I had an additional lounge area this was not particularly functional.  Overnight the room was extremely noisy, both from the internal stairwell, and from the street outside. I barely slept. On being asked on check out how my stay had been, I politely fedback how noisy it had been, to which the receptionist just shrugged!!!! Such a shame as the hotel is well…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away with friends,"Yet another great stay, rooms clean and well equipped. Great location for shopping and shows. Reception staff pleasant, welcoming and helpful. Breakfast good, with plenty of choice, will definitely use if we visit again.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, would definitely return! ","We booked this hotel as part of a theatre break package and for the price we couldn’t believe the location. We didn’t have the highest hopes for the hotel itself or the room but it was fantastic and a good size.  I’d been in email contact with the concierge before our stay about parking (they were excellent, replied swiftly and very knowledgable). There is a car park under the hotel with discounted rates for hotel guests- it cost us £29 for just over 24 hrs parking. You just need to get your ticket stamped when you leave to get the discount.  Our twin room was on the 9th floor. It was a great size, nice bathroom and lovely view of the London Eye from the window. The hotel location is spot on and right near Tottenham Court Road station. Lots to see & do all in walking distance. …",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad but not good. ,"If your not too fussy this hotel is ok. It’s very well situated for the shops and central London attractions, with a tube on the doorstep, the breakfast was very good. Don’t know about the three restaurants on site as we didn’t use them.  The staff were also very friendly.  However:- The room was not very clean thick dust behind furniture (found it plugging my charger in) the shower had to be run for a few minutes to get hot water otherwise it was only just warm.  Room fan was very loud and heating was a plug in oil radiator. Only room for one in a double room to hang clothes. Very small room and toilet with dirty chips in the shower tray. This hotel is tired reminds my of a hostel type place.  Reception was very busy indeed and the bars I think are clubs at night.  I’ve been as…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely place,"Such a lovely friendly hotel where nothing was too much trouble. The rooms are perfect for what you need beds comfy...tea and coffee available and you can have a room with a bath if preferred. The staff are friendly and happy to help with extra towels, pillows, directions and info. We were given extra checkout time with no additional cost. Situated on the Tottenham Court Road and central for everything. Definitely value for money.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with great location,The hotel is located just steps away from the main shopping street in London and is easy to reach with public transport. The room was clean but very small. The breakfast was included and was quite good although it was a bit busy when we were there. I would consider staying there again given it's central location.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Warm, Friendly, Clean and Great Value","I chose this place because of its central location and low price.  I wasn't expecting much considering the price - but how wrong was I!  The checkin staff were warm friendly and speedy. The room, whilst could never be described as luxurious of course, was super clean and had all I needed. Tea and coffee provided and ice machines in the corridor.  It felt cosy and really home from home - amazing really considering how big it is.  Somehow it has generated a really friendly atmosphere with nice banter in the lifts and so many people from all over the world makes it feel exciting.  I was there on a short trip so didn't get the chance to try the pool or gym but it's great to have. Casino fans will be pleased to know there is direct access to the near casino too.  The cleaning staff…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,one night stay,"For the price, this was OK hotel with good location close to subway station and shops, please note that good location means often busy street, some street noise. But that's why earplug are for.. Got room before noon which was very nice.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy,"The hotel is well placed. It is huge and busy at all times so is very noisy. The corridor outside our room seemed to be in continuous use by loud people. The lifts were continually ""tinging"" loudly all night but during the day, very scarce. The room was too hot and the duvet a solid fat 100 tog! Breakfast buffet was dreadful - cheap nasty sausage, dry scrambled eggs, cold tomatoes, salty bacon. There is a Garfunkel's around the corner which does a lovely, cheaper breakfast. But the staff were lovely, friendly and efficient - not all bad then!",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short holiday break ,"Great location, central, near theatres. Hotel room small. No extractor fan for internal bathroom. Bed uncomfortable. Two singles put together breadthwise. Reception staff excellent. Breakfast was self service basically. All items cooked well and presented on buffet style servers. No opportunity for individuality, omelette/ poached egg. Potential to be better.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break,"We weren’t expecting much when we booked this break but we’re very pleasantly surprised. On arrival reception was very busy but one of the concierge staff greeted us, offered to carry our bag, took us up to the Executive check in desk to bypass the queues. The entrance is very smart although a little disorganised.   We had a double room which, although a little on the small side, was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. There was plenty tea and coffee, milk etc. There was no bath but a very good shower. Everything was spotlessly clean albeit slightly dated.   The restaurant was very busy at breakfast but well organised. There was plenty of choice; cereals, fruit, yogurt, pastries and a good selection of hot food. The best scrambled egg I’ve ever had at a hotel.   All of the…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for a brief stay,"Once again i chose this hotel due to its central location and its reasonable rates. This was a single room this time and like all the rooms I have stayed in here it is very small. But it was clean, well appointed and quiet. The check-in staff at reception were excellent, friendly and efficient and I will certainly consider it when next I need an overnight room close by.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still great location,"The reception now it's complete looks good if a little chaotic at times when alot of people are checking in.  Room 435 was a little small and the bathroom was well equipped but again a little small. There was a lot of outside noise which did make it difficult to sleep, the window didn't keep any sound out you could hear people on the street 4 floors down.  Breakfast was lovely best to go either very 6.30am or quite late 10am it is help yourself English or continental on offer with cereal, tea and coffee and juices. Overall lovely stay again",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"I wasn't expecting much from this hotel as I have stayed in many places in London and have always been disappointed.   The room was spacious, it had a sofa area separate to the bed area. Lots of amenities in the room like robes, slippers, tea/coffee etc. The bathroom was also spacious with a Tv near the bath!   Breakfast was fine - a selection from hot and cold foods.   The hotel is a short walk to a metro!   Convenient and pleasant.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London stay,"Stayed here for 1 night for a business trip. Rooms are ok, small and a bit dated. The bathroom was tiny, and my shower was cold at night and boiling in the morning. Check in took ages and it wasn't really busy. Great location though, 10 min walk from Euston and 2 mins to Tottenham court road. Also has a casino below",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location but a tiny room.,"Arrived at 2pm to be told room would not be available for another 60-75 minutes. Room itself was tiny for two people with a small wardrobe rendered useless by being used to store a large desk fan plus a clothes rack (and nowhere else to put these in the room). Room was too hot (heating control - hidden under the dressing table - didn't appear to work) so had to sleep with the window open and the noise of traffic outside. Housekeeping started to knock on doors at 8am (which makes me wonder why the room wasn't available when we arrived ...?) On the plus side, it's conveniently located for the West End theatres, provided a good breakfast and the room was clean.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,pleasure,"Hotel staff very helpful, Rooms a bit small for 2 people and suitcases. House keeping missed cleaning a few things in corridors. breakfast good variety of food types and staff were onto of clearing tables. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Week-end away,Stayed at this hotel on a Newmarket coach trip. Getting keys was a mess but this could be down to rep who did little. Room was adequate if bathroom was a little small. Meals were in an area difficult to access if you had disability problems.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend getaway,We had a great stay here.it is ten minutes walk from Euston and two minutes from Oxford st.Brilliant location.There are two bar/restaraunts which are both really good. We felt so comfy in the bar that we stayed there all night and didn’t bother to go out for dinner! Everything you need is in the hotel.The room was a bit dated and for the price you would expect an iron? The staff were really nice . The food was really good and not expensive at all,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel,"Stayed here for 3 nights with my teenaged son and was pleasantly surprised. I booked an ""executive"" room because a lot of previous reviews mentioned the smallness of the rooms. The room was a perfect size if a little dated and in need of redecoration but for the price and the location it was great. Check in was quick and all the staff were very friendly, none of them would pass without a friendly hello. The only real complaint I have was the heat in the room. We both woke up at around 1a.m. on the first night feeling like we were in a sauna. I turned both radiators down to 0 but they both continued to pump out heat like we were in the Arctic. I opened both windows and turned on the AC (not something I felt good about) but it made no difference. I asked reception if something…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location in London,"Second time at this hotel based on location.  Close to Tottenham Court Rd tube station.  Because of its location, the rooms are small, but adequate.  Despite size, the rooms were comfortable and not noisy.  There were two issues - water power in shower is too low, even with short hair, difficult to shampoo; and the key is provided on a large piece of plastic which is unrealistic to walk around London with.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Sausage sadness! ,"Helpful and friendly check in and nice clean rooms decorated and maintained to a good standard. Why then did they choose to use the cheapest food for breakfast. Bread looked and tasted ropey. Hash browns looked ok but tasted awful. But the quality of the sausages, something of a weather gauge for me, were the absolute worst: no taste, awful texture, not eaten!  Otherwise a good value for money hotel. The £16 tag for breakfast (I was all in) was very poor vfm.  Come on St Giles, do better.  ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny Room ,"Myself and 17 colleagues stayed from Friday 19th to Sunday 21st whilst attending a meeting in London. Considering we arrived at the hotel at a busy time, we were all checked in quickly and efficiently. Our rooms were on a few different floors but we all agreed that they were a bit small for twin rooms. However they were clean and tidy with comfortable beds, although not much of a view. There was a slight issue with the wash basin not draining properly but maintenance had it fixed quickly. The bar area in the lower level was spacious and well stocked with a good selection of beers, wine and spirits and we were served by very able and friendly bartenders. The hotel is just off Tottenham Court Road, so was easy to get a taxi or in our case a 10/15 minutes walk to Covent Garden and…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Oh My God!!! Worst!!!,"Oh my God. This is the worst hotel I have stayed at. We booked online, once we reached reception, they said they have received our payment but the booking is cancelled. Not sure what that means. After 1 hour, and a handful of staff, they realized they were wrong and that the payment and booking were all okay. Not a good start at all. Then we went up to the bedroom. Oh my God, the pram just about fit in the very narrow door. The room had a bad smell, it was small and dated. The room felt very dirty. The bathroom was small with a very small shower, which had no light in it. The bathroom door was too big for the door frame, so that wouldn't close. That was awful. The duvet covers looked and smelt dirty. I was dying to leave the hotel in the morning. I would NOT recommend this hotel…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed for one night recently as was close by to the theatre. Hotel reception was modern however the receptionist was not very welcoming, was not service with a smile. Room very dated with limited space and shower was cold. We were woken up at 6am in the morning with the fire alarm going off. This was very poor as it was a false alarm. I do not expect to pay £169 a night for such poor service,would definitely not stay again or recommend to anyone.   ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Left with bug,"Stayed for 2 nights, first breakfast tasted fine, the following breakfast not so good and ever since been left sick from work. Room tiny with small window and no air con and WiFi hopeless. Very disappointed for what is supposed to be a 3 star hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful hotel,"We stayed at this hotel from 18-20th October. Our initial impression on arriving into the lobby was very good, it looked very modern and the reception staff friendly. We had booked 2 rooms but were told we would be on separate floors, on our request they managed to get us 2 rooms within doors of each other.  When we got out of the lift and turned down the corridor towards our rooms that’s where disappointment set in. The carpet was disgusting with stains all over, the windows were extremely old and thick with dirt, our rooms were even worse. The doors and parts of the room walls were made of ply wood, the carpets stained and the whole room extremely grubby. The smell was of men’s old aftershave and drains - absolutely stomach upsetting.  The bathrooms weren’t any better. The…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"Stayed here for 3 days this week. I paid £86 a night, which for a London hotel is pretty good. The room was a bit compact but was clean, functional and in good repair. There are several levels of restaurant on the premises and I did use the ""24 Hr"" eatery in the basement that was very good and not over-expensive. My only concern is that in common with a lot of British hotels there was no air-conditioning so I would not even consider staying here between May and August.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good enough,"The Hotel was comfy enough, pleasant helpful staff. Cleaners appear to miss a few bits n bobs in corridors i.e. ledges and picture tops but on the plus side all good enough for the deal we had. Plenty choice at breakfast, hot buffet and colds choice as well.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, but not much more","Been staying numerous times at StGiles and we choose it out of one single reason, the excellent location. Its in the middle of Everything, Close to nightlife in Soho, shopping at Oxford Street, British Museum and so much more. The hotel itself is very worn and needs renovation. Decoration, furniture and all other things are very dated. If you want a stylish hotel, St Giles wont be your thing. One choose this place due to one thing and thats the unbeatable location- Nothing else!",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bathroom Tsunami ,"Stayed one night 17th of October as attending a business training event in London. Room was small but adequate, though I did book a double and was allocated a twin. After a long day I needed a shower to freshen up before venturing out to get some dinner. I showered and quickly found that the water in the shower cubicle wasn’t disappearing down the plug whole in fact was spilling out over the floor as had got higher than the edge of the shower tray. Luckily the towel on the bathroom floor stopped the water reaching the room carpet. I turned the shower off but after what seemed a life time the water still really didn’t start to disappear. The photo attached this water I pulled out of the plug whole,eww not nice.Definitely not mine as I haven’t got much hair. Did this solve the…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for shopping in Oxford Street,"Located where the hotel is , it is very noisy -inside and out. There are steps up to reception which makes it difficult with cases. Checking in with a coach party was very long and drawn out. The lifts do what they want to do and you don't know which one is arriving as there are a few. Having a single room , which was very small, the shower room was really small, but the shower was good.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,On 6th floor noise constant all night Stay didn’t start well when my colleague was given her room only to find someone already booked in clothes and case in the room not good advertisement for personal security For the price disappointing that they expect another £10 for breakfast coffee shop nearby got the business instead ,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location and fine if you treat it like a hotel!,"First time here and I'd certainly stay again due to the incredible location.  We were so close to everything we didn't take the tube once during our visit (although we do like to walk!) despite the two minute stroll to Tottenham Court Road station.  The hotel is dated, gloomy and not that clean.  The lifts were so bad that we generally walked up and down the stairs (we were only on the sixth floor so this wasn't too bad).  The bathroom was tiny and very dark, the room had no air conditioning so the window had to be open at all times (I'm not sure I'd stay here in summer!!) which made it noisy but luckily we were so tired it didn't matter.  Location is everything with this hotel and this lifts it above the others.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Diana Exhibition stay,"My sister and I stayed here while on a trip with Newmarket Holiday. The staff on the desk were very good especially as three coaches were coming in at once. The rooms were a little dated but clean tea/coffee We had no problem with noise think we were lucky as corner room on a side street. Breakfast was first class and set us up for our onward journey Thanks again St Giles,will return if in area..",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So very disappointing,"I do know you get what you pay for in London - and it was a good deal.   However I was extremely disappointed when arriving to be told that there was SCHEDULED maintenance happening - which would mean no hot water was available. So much for a shower and a change before heading out to the theatre......  As expected, the room was tiny, outdated and didn't have a lot going for it - didn't make you want to stay in it, but lack of hot water aside, it didn't make you want to run for the hills.  The staff however really could do with some sessions in customer service. Even taking into account that their English wasn't great and a lot was being lost in translation - I haven't felt that patronised over requesting a room key for a long time!! My understanding was that I was to hand (the…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Room was small but clean but what the hotel may lack in interior design it makes up for in spades with the location which is excellent for shows shops and stations.  Really good buffet breakfast too. A small gripe was that the room was next to an extractor fan and was noisy, I should have asked to be moved but thought it might be switched off at some point, it wasn't! Avoid room 175 but do stay here, I will again for sure.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,5th Stay,"Stayed for 2 nights as visiting exhibitions etc.  I thought twice about a return to St Giles after a noisy disappointing stay in July.  The room was a little ""tired"" looking, the bathroom door didn't close, the bathroom bin was full of the previous occupants rubbish, and the fixed blinds didn't shut out enough light which was  then reflected in the mirror and on the ceiling.  The staff for the most part were very good but waiting in Hudsons for a drink was dire,  I waited 10 mins for someone to appear and then left.  This Hotel is in a great location for my frequent stays in London, but I do think single travellers get the thin end of the wedge here, and shall probably look elsewhere for further stays.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy for shops and shows,"My first stay at the St Giles London. Staff were helpful and efficient and though rooms are small mine was clean and had the usual essentials I.e. hair dryer, tea and coffee making kit and a safe. Rooms are served by a small window (no curtains but inbuilt blinds) and don’t have air conditioning, but my room had a fan which I needed. The shower was lovely and powerful and hot but pretty small. Food was processed and pretty bland though there are other places to eat nearby. I walked around to Oxford street which is very close and there are loads of theatres close by too. If you like being close to the city centre this is a good, basic 3 star hotel",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"Pretty basic and in places rather shabby - could do with some attention, though clean and the staff are helpful and friendly.  Location is the best point, really central and within walking distance of loads of attractions.  Good selection at breakfast.  Lifts can be a bit of a challenge especially at breakfast time!",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for getting to but not for sleeping,"Great location but so noisy at night...take earplugs. I suspect rooms higher up are quieter. Room was small but fairly functional and clean. Not great, next time I think I will stay a bit further out and take a bigger hit on a cab fare. (£6 from Leicester Square to st Giles). Breakfast is Ok, all buffet and really busy which is always tricky for a solo traveller as you risk loosing your table ...so take a coat or a cardigan to leave as you would not want to leave a bag!",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,~Great place,Very pleased with our stay at St Giles Hotel.. Excellent location.  Staff were wonderful from the moment we arrived until the time we checked out.  Conciege service hassle free.  Cannot praise this hotel enough - Highly recommend this hotel for a stay in London excellent value for money and will definately return on my next visit to the Capital.  Thank you to all the staff for the care they took.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mid week break,"We have stayed in this hotel a few times in the past  This time we had an executive room, as we had previously had issues on an earlier stay.  The room  was situated on the 8th floor. The views were above most of the roof lines near the hotel, and were some interesting roof gardens near by.  There was a sofa in the room, in a little alcove looking out onto the skyline.  The shower room was a reasonable size, and only one bathrobe!  This was a good room to have. I think the room and been refurbished, although there were flaws with the room as the oops for the curtain tie backs had been pulled from the walls",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ALARMING,"Double room is very small, but neat. That'd be ok, if the FIRE ALARM didn't go off randomly each night of our 3 night stay. Immature, irresponsible staff totally incapable of dealing with this severe problem,. But well equipped to tell lies. Will NEVER be back",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired but good location,"Stayed in Room 258 on Monday October 9th 2017.  The check-in was quick and easy.  The room was clean but decor was very dated and tired looking.  My room had two single beds which were firm but comfortable.  There was no view from the window which only opened 6 inches and it was noisy when the window was open. There were wardrobes in the room but only a couple of hangers.  A safe was handy but I didn't use it.  I also found some spare towels in there but this was after I could have used them!  There was also a small desk, chair and kettle.   The bathroom was small but clean, they only had multi use soap dispensers rather than individual shampoo, shower gel etc.  Luckily I had taken my own. The shower was decent with enough water coming out at an adjustable temperature. As always…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Night in the big city,"Overall this hotel is very good, kind, courteous and helpful staff. Room a little on the small size but clean and warm. If our stay was for longer then a larger room would have been more comfortable. The breakfast was excellent, plenty of choices for everyone. The only downside was the bar. Keeping this part of the review short, we ladies asked for vodka and mixers, first drink had vodka the second didn't, also the barman when he opened the bottles of mixers we weren't given the remaining of the bottle. When we complained, we were told the ice diluted the vodka!!! How absurd, anyway got the matter sorted but thought how cheeky this member of staff was. Then to our amazement, another barperson was mixing cocktails, what was left over he poured into a fresh glass then drank this…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,4 night stay in London,"Small room, but functional and quiet, on the 5th floor.  We loved the ideal location of the hotel, which is next to the Tube, Oxford Street and the British Museum. The breakfast buffet was generous, even though it appeared to have been drowned in salt.  The personnel was very friendly and happy to help us!  3 niggles to report: - When we took the room, we found only 1 ready towel set (for the two of us). This set was dirty (unidentified yellowish stains on it) but the problem was quickly solved (we found another clean set in the cupboard, and put everything to wash the following day). - The shutters do not block exterior light by night (very useful to sleep haha). - The spring mattress that decided to give up during the last night, and one spring at a time!",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Lovely clean room with comfortable beds and spare pillows in the cupboard. Lovely friendly staff and a quick efficient check in. The breakfast consisted of everything and was fresh and at the correct temperature. This hotel is excellent value for money and I will definitely stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shabby and dirty,"It took 40 mins to check in I had booked a double bed but was told only single beds were left. I later found out that a colleague who checked in after me had secured a double bed. The shared areas and corridors are dirty, the carpets are stained and the decor is very poor. In my room the carpet was rippled and filthy, the wood on the cupboards was chipped and the shower cubicle was black and grimy with dirt. Overall the hotel looks tired, dated and grubby.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Early Morning Fire Alarms & Smartphone Disappeared - Terrible,"I stayed here from the 3rd until the 8th of October.  On October 7th at 5AM, my son and I were frantically awoken by a false fire alarm that would not stop. My son woke up crying and it took me an hour to calm him. Three hours later at 8am, another alarm went off and again I spent the morning calming him down.  The next morning on October 8th at 7am there was ANOTHER ALARM. These were vacation days that were ruined because we got little sleep and my son was completely startled by the alarms going off every morning.  On October 8th we checked out at 9:45am. We realized that my son had forgotten our Samsung smartphone and charger in the room and when we called back at 10:15am, we were told the phone and charger were no longer in the room. Leading me to believe that ONE OF YOUR…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great place to stay, staff very friendly and helpful. Close to train station, Soho and plenty other attractions. Twin rooms have more space than the double rooms. Breakfast was great. Will stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor,"Small rooms, very busy and slow on check in was given no information on breakfast or facilities on check in. Fire alarm went off early morning on both mornings of our stay which gave us a early morning wake up call we didn't need! Breakfast was ok but not very well organised. Only scrambled eggs available, no alternative offered. No extractor in bathroom. Wifi available but poor overall I wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - value for money,It was a very positive experience. The staff was very nice and friendly and breakfast was OK. The elevators could use a touch-up and the cleaning ladies could be a bit more thorough but all and all would recommend for the budget traveler.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Filthy room,This is the third and last time I will stay at the St Giles our room was filthy I couldn't see in the mirror I actually wrote clean me on it. Room so small.Then to top it off we had a mouse not good i did ring reception and a man said he would come to look he didn't and the mouse kept coming from out of the bed and back later the mouse actually went out of the room under the door and I got my husband to put towels along the bottom of the door I did not sleep and left the light on all night I have left feedback with the hotel reception also and hope they will contact me although it seems others have shared there room with mice sorry st Giles this is not good enough ,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,When you want to spend your money on other than residents,"Much convenient location, 3-4 min walking from underground station Tottenham Court and with easy walking access to both shopping at Oxford or Regent street and to theaters and musicals around Leicester square. Rooms are small but clean and absolutely sufficient if main purpose is just to have a place to sleep when most time is spent outside the hotel. Around the corner there are a few nice breakfast places as an option to having breakfast at the hotel. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great overall stay,Excellent location all attraction within walking distance  right next to underground station very clean room bit small but clean and comfortable tea and coffee making facility's in room very nice staff and very helpful good breakfast,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mouse in room ,"Great location, not pricey for where it is, single bed, but only me in it. But... saw a mouse, twice, as I was getting up in the morning. Could have been two mice, once each - I didn't ask for names...",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice service","We've had a nice stay at the St Giles our last two times in London, four nights each weekend. Lovely small rooms, great service and the location excellent, near Oxford Str and a large Tube station nearby. Would also like to thank our concierge for a great service on our last day, getting us a fair cab to the airport.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy location. Small bedrooms.Helpful staff.,In London for a show. Location great for walking to attractions and public transport links. . Like many hotels in London room was small but adequate. Room clean and well serviced. Staff very helpful. Breakfast ok.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still good value.,"Current renovations both to reception and rooms are trying, not entirely successfully,  to hide the fact that this was formerly an enormous YMCA built in brutalist concrete with small rooms.  But the location is brilliant - right on top of the West End, Oxford Street, Soho, Chinatown, Covent Garden and transport could not be easier with the revamped Tottenham Court Road tube station a mere shout away. The lifts can be slow and the reception is often crowded out by parties of enthusiastic teens and tour groups but the staff are patient and the concierge desk excellent. The best rooms are the executive twins, doubles and suites which have a little more room, often revamped bathrooms and air conditioning. Views from some of the higher rooms can be superb. Breakfast in the corner…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location in central London,This is the second time my wife and I have stayed at the St Giles in London. It was my wife's birthday so the hotel staff kindly gave us a room with views of the London skyline. Great location and reasonable prices mean we would stay here again the next time we come to London! ,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Location of this hotel is what sells it. Right by Tottenham Court Road tube (come out at exit 2, go straight for 200 yards and then turn right down Bedford Avenue where you will find the hotel).  The hotel itself is nice. Rooms are small but I find this with all London hotels unless you pay otherwise. Breakfast was nice. We had cocktails and a bite to eat in the 24 hour cafe/bar onsite. That was also nice with friendly accommodating staff. The Hudson restaurant looked nice and had music going on Saturday evening so great for a night cap. This is also in the hotel.  My gripes are small. Hot water in bathroom was scolding so be careful if you have children with you. There was also no cold water coming out of out cold tap but that was probably just our room. More complimentary…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, awful service","After already booking online in advance, my wife and I arrived last night shortly before midnight tired and ready for bed. We went to check in but the printer wasn't working at the first desk, so were taken over to another desk. The first receptionist explained to his colleague that he'd checked us in but couldn't print the form for us to fill in and sign due to his printer not working (which had taken five minutes before he gave up).  His colleague at the second desk didn't seem to understand this. Despite showing them both my booking e-mail confirmation (complete with my name and booking confirmation number), the second receptionist gruffly asked me for identification. He then wrote out my surname (incorrectly) and asked if that was my first name. Five minutes later he finally…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really good !!!,"If you only want to spend money for a standart hotel but expects to get a top level 5-stars room at 68 sq meters with top city view then don't go here :-) BUT if you want to spend money for a St. Giles you will get: - good service - a nice, clean room - very close to the underground - close to theaters - close to lot of restaurants  - close to the city center And yes there can be som queue at the breakfast, human behavior,  we all want to eat at the same time. Go around the corner at the pub and have English breakfast (we did that, and it was goooood) or go to one of the many cafe's. It was our first time at this hotel and we will be back.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Meh.,"I recently stayed at the St Giles Central London hotel for one week.  It was to be expected that the room was small, but it is very small. Barely any room for my large suitcase. Unfortunately upon my arrival into the room, I noticed a couple things.  The room was cold, so I tried to turn on the heat, but that was not working. Called front desk and they offered to bring a heater to my room, as the heat was off in the building. I also had to have room service clean out the hair that was left for me in the shower.  The room wasnt too dirty, but clearly well used. Toilet handle was worn out, cracked vent in shower. When asked to change rooms, was told the entire hotel was booked up.  Everyday there were large groups of teenagers in the lobby, at least 15 at a time.  Wifi was poor.…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Compact Hotel in Central London,"The hotel is located in Central London in side lane of market place. Very close to tube station. The rooms are little compact.  Breakfast buffet is good however it same everyday.I stayed for 4 days didnt see anything different in breakfast,",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We like this hotel as we can walk everywhere.,"We decided to try a deluxe room on a quiter side of the block upon which the hotel sits.  The room was fine with exception of the hot water which was tepid.  Even after maintenance had declared it OK we noticed no change.  We always accept that there may be problems beyond the control of the staff, it is then how the organisation deals with the matter.  The duty manager, Kieran, was a star, he tested the water for himself and agreed it was unacceptable. Given the lateness of the hour, he suggested that the best solution was for us to accept an upgrade to an executive room.  This was organised and we found it excellent and very quiet.  We shall without doubt be back.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good stay, excellent breakfast and great location","Two minutes walk from Tottenham Court Rd tube the ST Giles in a fantastic location both for the West End theatres and jumping on a tube, massive hotel over about 12 floors, checked in quickly and easily, and went to our room on the second floor overlooking Tottenham  Court Rd, not a large room by any stretch of the imagination but big enough and why would you want to sit in a room in London. Comfy bed, decent bathroom and shower, only drawback bit noisy at night due to the road and noisy people in street. Breakfast was excellent value, juices, tea, coffee, fruit, croissants, rolls etc and a decent selection of cooked items, excellent value especially when paid in advance at time of booking. Didn't eat in the cafes or restaurants on site but menus looked good and a decent price.…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3 days city break,"For a city break it's a good choice, the bed was comfortable and we enjoyed a good english breakfast.   The hotel is located in center, in the nearby we could find the subway, a lot of restaurants, a Primark store and also it was in the vicinity of the city center.   I don't liked the view and the fact that we received a room at 1 st floor.  Also in the front of the hotel we parked the car for 10 minutes and because they told us that it's ok to do the check in and after to go and park the car, when we came back at the auto we've already became a bill.   ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing stay ,"Stayed her on the 25th September, on first sight I was really pleased we had chosen this hotel. I booked a deluxe room, when booking in the receptionist gave me and my colleague the key to one room, we had booked two deluxe rooms. I handed my booking confirmation to the receptionist who snatched this from me and muttered something. I asked if there was a problem, no reply, she then returned and gave us two keys. I asked if these were deluxe rooms as booked and paid for, she snapped yes. On entering the room I was overwhelmed by a bad smell. The room was dirty, sheets were not clean and the bed creaked. I called down to reception and was told there is a form in your room to feedback your concerns. I had a terrible night sleep the bed creaked all night with the slightest movement,…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to everything,"I spent 5 nights at the St. Giles Hotel on Bedford Avenue, London from the end of August until September 5th. The hotel location is excellent if you like discovering London sights by walking. It is near a couple tube stations as well. We walked through China Town on our way to Piccadilly Circus (good short cut) and on to sites closer to Buckingham Palace.    The hotel's accommodations are pretty good with a bar and restaurant on site. The deluxe twin room that I had was on the smaller side but had a dressing area and a full size bathroom. The room I requested was in the rear of the hotel and the street noise was not a big issue. A plus was their laundry service, although it seemed a bit expensive.    The staff were helpful and pleasant.    The only drawback was the wi-fi…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Stay in a great location,"We booked a 7- night stay at the St. Giles Hotel as part of a package through British Airlines.  The location was perfect for our needs.  Located in the heart of the theatre district and within easy walking distance of many of the places we wanted to visit, it was ideal for us.   The rooms were basic with comfortable beds, adequate but not extravagant storage space, hairdryer, kettle for morning coffee and a compact but perfectly usable bathroom, it suited our needs. Our package included breakfast and that was nice with a hot selection of eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast, juices, cold cereals, croissants and hard rolls, fruit., and yoghurt there was something to satisfy anyone.  Directly across the street is a bus stop, a Big Boots pharmacy, and a Sainsbury supermarket.  The…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Was going to the 100 Club in Oxford Street, so we decided to book a hotel nearby for the night. This hotel was really lovely and perfect value for money. Everything was spotlessly clean and the staff went out their way to help you. The breakfast had just about everything you could ask for and was most enjoyable. Being in the centre of town, it was a busy hotel, but staff were very patient and understanding to requests. If in London I would recommend this hotel, It is just off Tottenham Court Road, so you don't hear all the noise from the main area. We would certainly book again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"stayed there for 4 nights. Location is very good, with the closest train staiton about 100m away. Room was good and amenities. Luckily had a room that faced big ben and london eye. Grocery store was extremely close (across the road) which helped. Theatres and eating extremely close (about a 10min walk).",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel London,"We had a twin room on the 2nd floor, the size of the bedroom was fine for us, the bathroom was on the small side but was well decorated and very clean.  There was a fan and a safe in our room.  We only experienced slight noise and that was from other guests returning in the early hours of the morning. The staff we encountered at St Giles were very friendly and helpful - we will stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location. ,"We stayed at this hotel for my birthday as my husband had booked to see a show. We was right on top of the theatres, loads of places to eat and things to see. Just a short walk from Chinatown which was great. Breakfast was lovely, great choice available. Bar prices a little high considering the amount of competition on the same road. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"We stayed here for 15 nights and were pleased with the location. Our room was on the 13th Floor, with fabulous views over London.  It was clean and spacious, with good air conditioning, iron, fridge , tea & coffee etc.  There was only one hook in the bathroom and no heated towel rail, but we had new towels each day. The stay covered my wife's Birthday and the hotel had put a 'Happy Birthday' banner and left a signed card from staff, which was a lovely touch. Breakfast was included and we could either use Sage & Chilli for the buffet or VQ for waitress service.  Both were adequate, although buffet was very busy, with queues some mornings. VQ uses a separate limited menu, for hotel guest but was quieter.  The lifts were extremely busy in the mornings but hotel staff did try to…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place,"We stayed for one night. Very friendly staff at check in. Room was clean and the beds were superb. Closing the window kept the noise from the street out. Good breakfast buffet. Location is within walking distance to a lot of theatres, British Museum, Oxford Street shopping and much more. Will choose again.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,After the lord mayers show,"This was a stop over after a gorgeous holiday in Cancun, check in looked promising, we picked up our room key and headed for the lift, the alarm bells started to sound as the lift doors opened. The lift was tiny and the mirrors were corroded and tatty, we arrived on the 3rd floor and joined in the ""lets see if we can find our room"" game. Five minutes later, bingo, found it, opened the door and.....nearly hit our noses on the wall on the other side of the room, it was a double bed, but not as we know it, to coin a phrase. The room was tiny and straight out of 1973, straight on the phone for an upgrade.  After a trip down to reception and an additional £40 we had an upgraded room, well 5th floor this time and.....smaller bedroom same size bed and....a lounge, just what we wanted.…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice room","I booked a single, and got a twin so was very pleased with the room :-) The online checkin facility saves a bit of time, so no form-filling on arrival.   Friendly and efficient staff, clean well-equipped room and a fantastic location.   Will definitely use this hotel again",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Spent a weekend here with a friend.,Great location and within walking distance to all tourist attractions and Tottenham Road tube Station. Room was very clean and comfortable.Staff were first class and very helpful. Will certainly use this hotel again.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"stayed here for 3 nights. The location is great.you could walk to most of tourist attractions. walking distance to Oxford st, Trafalgar Sq. the room was too small but not bad for 2 people and clean.we were happy with our stay and good for the money that you pay.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location ,"This hotel is so close to everything. A short walk from tottencourt road tube station. The rooms are clean and tidy. The 24hour bar is excellent. The staff are so very helpful..breakfast is super, Buffet style. Will return one day.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb Location which is why we repeatedly use this hotel.,Room very small. Hotel staff very pleasant. Hotel is looking a bit tired but it always seems to have done and we've been using this hotel for some 20+ years. The location is great for theatre land and all the main London Landmarks are within walking distance if you are reasonably fit. Breakfast is mass-catering but was perfectly acceptable. Nearest Wetherspoons (for those wishing a drink in London at a sensible price) is the Montagu Pyke which is only about half a mile away down towards Trafalgar Square.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,"Perfect location for shopping sight seeing and theatre trips. Very comfortable bed and decent size double room. Not massive but big enough for 2. Fire alarm going off at 7.30 am, loud bell on the lifts and hearing people out in the corridor. Further away from lifts and I doubt the noise would bother you. Would definitely stay again  ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy hotel with VERY slow lifts,"Stayed here for 2 nights for meetings. It's a good location; just 2 minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube stn.  The reception staff were pleasant & friendly on my arrival.  The lifts were very slow to arrive & were often full. I was on the 1st floor, in room 185. The corridors were tired & not very welcoming so created a poor impression. My room was very small & VERY warm. I opened the window & the noise was too much to bear; being directly above a bus stop where buses sat a revved their engines!  The room was clean & the bed very comfy. The hairdryer was so hot I had to hold it as far away as possible & for short periods of time. On the 2nd day I used it I switched it off to find it wouldn't come back on! I phoned reception & they sent housekeeping up with a new 1 straight…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location; reasonably good hotel,"This hotel is in a fabulous location and only a short walk from various theatres, restaurants and bars. The staff on reception were very friendky but seemed more interested in finishing admin work than they did in checking in guesrs. My single room was comfortable but rather small. The bathroom only had a couple of towels in it  and I wasn't convinced they were very clean. The breakfast was good but by no means exceptional. There is a gym next to the hotel that you can pay to use and it has an impressive set of facilities. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perhaps as expected,"I had read a few reviews before I visited St Giles and had some reservations as the reports were mixed. My concerns were not unfounded.  The two main positives were the location and the staff. The hotel is very centrally located in theatre land with plenty of lively pubs and restaurants in the vicinity. Staff at the front desk, in the bar and restaurant were friendly and pleasant...a big plus.  The bedroom however was very cramped; had we been staying more than one night, it could have begun to feel quite claustrophobic. The decor was drab, the carpet shabby and faded and glass surfaces grimy. The bathroom was clean but dated; the water was warm and shower had great pressure. However I was disappointed to see that there was no shampoo but we were given hand and body wash.  The…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,If you are on a low budget this is the ideal place to go.  Rooms were clean service good.  Restaurant situated inside Hotel was excellent. Overall I was very satisfied. Rooms are small but what do you expect in London?,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value,"We have stayed here and in other London hotels over a period of years. The reasons we have booked St Giles more often relate to location and price. Some reviews comment unfavourably on rooms sizes. The rooms are fairly small but well appointed which we think trumps a huge room without well planned hanging space and storage and enough mirrors, all of which are provided in St Giles. Yes, the breakfast period is busy but there are three dining areas and two serveries and everything has been done to maximise space. The managers and waiting staff are remarkably calm and helpful under pressure. The rooms are clean and well serviced. Top tips are to pay a little extra to get a bit more space in the deluxe rooms. Book direct with the hotel website. Try and avoid peak times for breakfast…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in,"This hotel was awfull. Ridiculously noisy, poor wifi, no customer service. It's now 3.15am and I've just been woken again by a load of guests outside of the room. The wardrobe is unusable as it's full of stuff! I would upload a photo of the wardrobe but the wifi is too slow",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room but convenient location,Stayed here as we were on a trip to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Location of the Hotel was very handy and just down the road from the theatre. Room was very small but good enough to just sleep in at night.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Check what room you are getting first,You definatley have to check what room you are getting. We booked 4 single rooms and they where tiny ( could not swing a cat in them). Larger people would not fit in the shower. The location is very good and the breakfast was also very could. The price was fair also.,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant location, decent hotel.","We stayed at the hotel for 6 days in September. The rooms are rather small, as most rooms in London are... The beds were not very comfortable (too soft) and I had back pains within two days. The window doesn't fully open and when it was hot it was hard to get air inside. There is no AC but since it was cold outside we didn't mind. There is a radiator in the room. The staff was very nice and helpful. The cleaning lady woke us up at 8:30am most days by knocking on a door near us. There was a big cupboard with a big safe for laptops and other valuables. The best thing about the hotel is its location. It is just by Tottenham court tube station and within walking distance from Soho, Westminster and Oxford street. We hardly had to use any public transportation, just walked everywhere.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You cannot go wrong with the St Giles,"Second visit to the St Giles with a group of friends. Excellent value for money, fab location, clean rooms and bathroom, just what you need for a break in London. Breakfast was buffet style and very tasty, staff were polite and friendly. Will return again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bit of a let down,"We have just had a 2 night stay at St. Giles, London.  This came up on offer through Booking.com Location was good, very short distance from Tottenham Court Rd tube station.  Check in was easy. Room was rediculously tiny. We couldn't pass each other in the room, one of us would have to get on the bed if the other needed to get round.  Terrible night sleep. Had to have window open as the tiny room was so stuffy but the noise outside went on all night.  Breakfast was a farce. Felt like a transport cafe. Couldn't get a seat the first morning so we canceled for both days and luckily received a refund.  Its a shame, it was a special occasion. My husband contacted them in advance to see if there were any room upgrades available, they didn't even acknowledge this.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice and welcoming hotel where everything is just OK, no more no less","Location is perfect in the middle of it all. Staff friendly, security outstanding. We had a small double room, which was ok - we did not stay in London to be indoors... If you should work in your room, I should prefer the larger size of room. Restaurants and cafees everywhere also at the hotel. Breakfast quite ok Buses came - they seemed to be taken well care of as it comes to dining etc Pre check-in on the net perfect",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very average hotel,"I stayed here for 1 night on business. The location is situated round the corner from a casino and as such is quite noisy in the evening.  I had a room facing on to the street which made it even nosier.  The room is very basic, and a little tired in parts.  The bathroom was a good size with a large shower, but the pressure on the water was a little low.  I ended up cutting myself coming out of the bathroom as everything is so close to  each other.  The key operates as the electrick light which is a little annoying.  The lifts take for ever and ended up walking up and down the stairs most of them time.  Breakfast was really basic, although it did have full English on offer, the sausages and bacon was poor in quality.  The location for some would be perfect, for me was a little…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very freindly,"have stayed here a few times, can honestly say, this hotel makes your stay there very enjoyable, staff so friendly they go out there way to help, food is fantastic well done st Giles love this place, wouldn't stay any were else",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"It really is all about the location. We only spent one night here in August for a girly trip to London. We were able to check in sooner than 2pm due to the hotel not being full which was a great help, but we could have left our luggage with concierge otherwise. Very friendly and speedy check in, we were offered low or high floor and were given floor 4. Room was quite basic, twin beds, with a shower in the bathroom. It was very clean and suitably fine for our needs for one night. It does lack plug points by the beds however which I like to have to charge my phone.  The location was brilliant, just around the corner from Oxford Street and within walking distance to theatres, dining and sight seeing attractions. We didnt dine in the hotel at all so I cant comment on that. If I had…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Modernized lobby, antiquated rooms","The first impression was good as the lobby looks pretty cool. The experience went downhill starting at registration as the information about the travellers had not been processed at the hotel. The keycard wouldn't open the room lock until tenth attempt (it never got any better). Finally having the room it was shocking to find it extremely small and quite shabby. Badly needing refurbishment, proper ventilation, air conditioning and preferably a total rebuild to make two rooms a single large one. Lots of noise from the street. Teo good things: Their English breakfast was OK (but not included in the room price). And the location is very good.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location very noisy,Was given  a higher floor to cut back on noise but because there is no aircon I wanted the windows open hence heaps of noise from a main road. No bathroom accessories offered. Breakfast extra in large dining room our peace disturbed by large group singing loudly. The safe was above hanging space so I had to climb on a chair to use it.,Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent central location - good budget hotel, perfect location","great budget hotel from a city break. rooms very small but adequate and clean. all common areas clean and modern and several very good restaurants on site. the health club is such a bonus (for a small fee - £5). have stayed here previously and it is always well kept and since its virtually at the top of Oxford Street and above Tottenham Court Road tube station, is could not be better placed. One tip -n eat breakfast elsewhere - there is plenty of choice locally and so much cheaper and of better quality than the buffet offered. otherwise excellent",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel - Pros outweigh the cons (depending on cost),"Stayed 2 nights in Room 1136. Ok , positives - Price, paid £160 for 2 nights. Fantastic location 100m from Tottenham Court Road Tube station and minutes walk from Covent Garden, Drury Lane, Shaftesbury Avenue , the British Museum .Didn't eat in the hotel as there are so many lovely restaurants and pubs in the area. There is a Sainsburys with cash machines opposite. Comfy beds, room and bathroom clean. Tea/coffee in room and staff happy to provide more. Reception/Concierge Staff are lovely, friendly and helpful , luggage can be left before or after check in.   Negatives- Out room was TINY. And super hot. Noise is to be expected because of location but the windows are small and don't have curtains, just blinds which don't block out the light. Room tips suggest asking for a higher…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gross. Old. Yuck,"Run down rooms, just icky. Shower doesn't drain, mold on ceiling, crud in all the crevices in bathroom. Weird gross stains on carpet. Rooms are tiny, twin beds in ""executive"" suite are literally next to each other Like one bed. Mattresses are vey uncomfortable. Holes in sheets. Air conditioner turned on only by plugging it in, none of the buttons worked. We avoided being in our room! Breakfast buffet was not good. Cheap and bad. Fruit was canned, bread was stale.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,Well stopped at this hotel for one night I to be honest any more than one night I would have left room very small and hot fan had no Earth on plug small window bathroom had marks in bath from wear carpet looked as if it could do with a clean not all lifts working had to wait for at least 10mins ( beware lift door shuts quickly) staff are okay the best thing about this hotel is its location the rooms are very tired and I have stayed in many hotel would not return premier inn far far far superior and I have stayed in many in London and this is not one I would recommend and the reason I did not complain was I was only in the room to sleep and only one night,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Extremely small room and no A/C,"First impressions count.  The check in was okay, nothing special. Was given a choice of high or low floor. Asked for a room with wifi and air conditioning. No sorry sir you are not allowed air conditioning in your standard room I was told while I stood in front of her with sweat pouring down my face from a very hot humid london day!!  Yep ""Not Allowed!!""  One of the lifts was out of order and based on previous Trip Advisor reviews it seems that this is a common occurrence or maybe it's the same lift that hasn't been bothered to be fixed.  Corridor to the room had a weird fruit smell that reminded me of the smell you get from people who smoke shisha, plus very cramped corridor.   The room was....well.... very small. It did not have air conditioning because I was not allowed it.…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great staff,"On our arrival at the hotel Agata, on reception was very welcoming and professional. Throughout our stay all the staff were friendly and attentive. Clean and basic room. I consider this hotel to be good value for money, especially regarding the great central location. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great locations, clean accommodation","This is the second time we have stayed here. For what you pay I think it is good value. The rooms are clean and maid service daily ( fresh towels etc). There is plenty of food at breakfast but we found it very busy and difficult to locate a table we did not have to share with other guests. The most frustrating issue this time was the length of time it took to secure a lift ( we were on the 5th floor). When the lift did eventually arrive it was usually full and this happened two or three times each time we needed it- 10 minute wait to get down to the foyer. Other than than good hotel, the staff are pleasant and the concierge staff are excellent. Perfect location for oxford st, regent st ,soho, west endt all within walking distance",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another excellent stay,"We've stayed here many times and love the hotel and super location.  Rooms are small so we've learnt to pay extra and get a separate lounge area so you can keep your suitcases there. Comfortable, clean, basic room in the heart of London and close to tube station.  Wifi in room.  Ate breakfast next door so can't comment here.  Will definitely return to the St Giles again.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This Hotel is excellent for it location in London just around the corner from oxford st. Stayed here twice now, even better than last year as you now get free wifi. Rooms nice and clean. Was in a single room which was big enough as am only in their to sleep.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overall great experience,"We around at around 9:30AM. Michael at the reception desk was very helpful. The room was already ready which is great when you're tired from your trip.  First impression on the room was the size : very small. The passageways in between the beds and the beds and walls could hold one person / 2 people if you squeeze yourself in. But it was clean, the bathroom was alright although the water pressure of the flush was a bit low but that seems to be a running thing in the UK.  The blinds did not shut so we contacted the reception and they directly sent someone in to fix them. Very efficient.  But mostly the location and price were what we were most happy about. Incredibly well located and great prices. But the elevators are terrible. We took them once and waited for a few minutes…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Stayed four nights in the hotel on August 2017 with my mum. This was my second time at this hotel and very likely will not return. The location is perfect, close to oxford street and tottenham court's tube station. Also the staff is very nice. Unfortunately these are the only good things at the hotel. The whole building and rooms need to be renovated. Our room was very very small and we had only one blanket in the bed and dirty sheet. We had to wait around 20minutes to get a new sheet and another blanket. I also got allergic reaction from the dirty carpet and therefore could not slept well and stayed at the room more than was mandatory. In addition only three working elevators is not enought for the hotel of this size. In case the rooms are renovated I could consider of return.…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3 day break with friends,"St Giles London in Bedford Avenue is perfectly placed for access to central London. The hotel is very well presented and we were met by a very helpful concierge who encouraged us to leave our luggage with him while we had a mooch about until our room was ready.  After a wander down Oxford Street which was literally around the corner, we checked in, again with very helpful, pleasant staff, who were very accommodating.  Our room was clean and tidy but a little dark and could have done with a bit more lighting.  We found the bathroom light too bright and the bedroom light too dull.   As the weather was rather hot, we found the room to be very warm and could have done with some air conditioning.  We had breakfast included in the price of the hotel and it was lovely, again more…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but average otherwise,"The hotel has an excellent location in the centre of London.  The prices are reasonable.  However, the rooms are small and cramped and there is no aircon which made the evenings very difficult to sleep.  Opening the window is too noisy because of its location, very noisy until well after midnight.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,brilliant hotel,"room good size, clean, beds very comfy, staff friendly, good location near oxford street and tube station even though its a busy area once your in the hotel its quiet will definitely use again and would recommend breakfast not much choice but nice has a gym,sauna,swimming pool didnt use but looked good 4 different restaurants could do with hand rails on the side of the bath",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location good value for money ,"Location is perfect by all means!  This is my favorite choice in London for economy trips alone or with friends, good value for money, safe and clean, rooms are extremely small, but the excellent location makes up for it, if u want decent room space, get the executive room. Some little annoying things this time e.g. Cleaning lady leaving a wet towel on one of the suitcase and a garbage bag on another! We made a complaint, they came immediately and just apologized. I would still come again if i am looking for just a place to spend the night that is perfectly located.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed at St Giles Hotel several times before ,it is well located for Oxford Street and tube station ,lots of the theatres are within walking distance of the hotel, the hotel as been modernised since my last visit is looks very modern ,staff very friendly and obliging,bedroom was compact but fit for our purpose ,would definitely stay at this hotel again on my next visit to London",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and basic,"Cheap for central London. Room basic but functional, larger than expected given price and location. Decent beer on draft in hotel bar. This is a basic hotel but is clean, centrally located so good for business travelers, or tourists on a budget",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,FABULOUS LOCATION!,"We stayed here for 2 nights last year and the same again this year. Brilliant location. Walking distance to many popular theatres and sightseeing spots. If you want to travel further afield the nearest tube is two minutes away.  Just be aware that if you book direct with the hotel, they reserve your room for you but don't actually take payment at that time. Caused a bit of confusion when we arrived because as far as we were aware we thought we'd already paid online when in fact the paperwork is just detailing the reservation. Think this needs making much clearer on their website. A lady checking in next to us also thought she had already paid online.  Room was fine. Last year we had a double, this year a twin but in both cases the size was adequate. The rooms do get warm but…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but perfectly formed,"As other reviewers have said, the rooms are small, but, and it's a big BUT, you are in the centre of London, and the room rates are great. Breakfast is excellent, you don't even have to make your own toast, which is one of my pet hates.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London's best ,Been here since Tuesday and yet again St Giles has been amazing. No blips nothing just 5 star . The rooms are always extremely clean and VQ and Hudson House great food and excellent service. Anyway if you've never stayed before I'd recommend staying .,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The Theatre's of Dreams,"We arrive at the hotel around 2pm on Friday the 18th, and my first impressions of the outside of the building was the architecture, a very impressive build to say the least. Just one down fall with this design you cant see much of London through a small window on the 9th floor, other than that the Hotel staff at reception was very welcoming, warm and friendly. On checking our room on the 9th floor we where very pleased the see that the everything was lovely and clean, the small window did not give you much of a view over London.  I was very happy with the hotel over all, it had a very nice restaurant and would have liked to have tried it, but at £90 per night I had expected to have included a Full English breakfast, some people may find this being picky, but to have a nice…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overcoming Difficulties,"We travelled as a family and as my wife is disabled we had therefore requested a disabled room, preferably on a lower floor and with wheelchair access. We checked a few days before travel and our request had only been passed on by hotels.com that week so there was no guarantee they could fulfil it. On arrival we found reception and the main lifts up a flight of steps and the wheelchair lift to that level was broken with no effort apparently being made to repair it. Fortunately my wife can walk short distances and I could carry the wheelchair but the thought of doing this at least twice a day for four days was a concern. They gave us rooms on the 2nd floor but next morning we found the lights in our room and the kids room had failed leaving both bathrooms in complete darkness.…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Loved it...,"...and will definetly visit again. The rooms are small and the elevators are a bit of a nightmare, but other than that, the hotel delivers for what you pay. The staff is extremly nice, especially Chen at the concierge. The food at Sage & Chilly lunch is good and not expensive. Staff at the restaurant are also very nice. Breakfast was good. I'd recommend changing some of the foods every couple of days (e.g. fried eggs instead of scrambled or boiled/ other fruit instead of prunes, pineapple and grapefruit). Overall this hotel is great, with it's exceptional location. Would highly recomment. Anyone using pushchairs and wheelchairs would find Sage & Chilly difficult to access due to stairs as the only option up.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Modest, but Well Located, Safe and Friendly ","My mother and I stayed here for 12 days while in London for an event.  While I readily acknowledge that in 12 days the magic could wear off for any lodgings, I will try to give an honest and fair critique.  Pros:  The location is great.  The staff is friendly and the hotel feels very safe.  The price is a good value for what you get.  The room was kept clean and the bed was comfortable.  We could open the window for some welcome fresh air.  Loved the awesome brutalist architecture and wood wainscoting in the room.  Cons:  This is not a modern hotel.  There is no air conditioning and the rooms and hallways are small.  Our room had just enough space for two twin beds -- I had to empty my suitcase and shove it between the bed and wall to have space to move around.  Imagine my…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect place to sleep at,"St Giles is a big hotel situated rather central, never a quite moment but I loved it anyways! The staff are wonderful and helpful.  The rooms are small but perfect for sleeping in. Comfy beds, loved the cushions... breakfast is buffet style and there's something for everyone.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disabled person visit,Sent to this hotel for hospital admission on arrival here first thing I see is steps up to reception not good !!!  offer by hotel staff to take my bag to reception packed hotel coach arrival slowwww or what busy lifts to floors  small noisey rooms had to keep Window closed bed comfy bathroom small breakfast room felt like my old army cookhouse no atmosphere staff ok only problem breakfast room up another dozen steps ask for help told service lift goes to it really !!! Disappointed would avoid if your disabled like me ,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Great Location Great Price,"This hotel was just perfect for my daughter and myself. We were in London from the 8th to the 14th August and as we do not know London at all, it was in the perfect location for shopping and the tube station. We were able to get around London easily and were able to make the most of our trip as we were so perfectly situated. Very clean, friendly staff and the perfect room for us. What surprised us most of all was that it was so reasonably priced. Would definitely come back to this hotel and have recommended it to friends of ours who stay in the UK and need to come to London from time to time. Thank you St Giles for making our stay in London so amazing. Marj and Tiff Pratt",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brains and bars in London,"I was staying at the St Giles for a Neuroscience Conference in nearby Gower Street.  I had a wonderful time - upon arrival the staff were friendly and helpful.  The room, though small, catered to my needs (I'm not in London to stay in the hotel!) The bed was comfy and the shower was hot and powerful.  The breakfast was lovely.  My boyfriend joined me from South Africa a few days later, and they gave him an extra key.  The one and only gripe I have (mainly because I am a bit of a feminist!) is that the staff automatically assumed on the invoice that my male partner had paid for the room - which he hadn't, my  employers had.  Otherwise, no complaints here.  The cafe downstairs is a must stop for brunch or afternoon coffee.  And do try All Bar One just around the corner.  All major…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can't complain!,"Had a great stay at this hotel. The hotel was clean and nice, and the room was very cosy. Had a fan and spare pillows, and the bathroom was my favourite part of the room, very nice. Bed was comfortable too. I read reviews prior to staying and was told it was very busy and loud, but this wasn't the case. The staff were very friendly. Our hotel room was ready before the check in time which I was really happy with as it allowed us to freshen up after our travels before we went to the theatre! It's in a great location, near the theatres, the main Euston train station, bars and shops. After our check out our luggage was held so we didn't have to carry it around the shops before our travels back. The breakfast was amazing, it said there was no eggs or toast on some of the reviews but…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Stayed here for one night (Saturday). Was pretty much what we expected having read the middle of the road reviews.  Yes the room was small, but we only wanted to sleep in it. Yes it was very warm but just did away with the duvet. Yes it was a bit tired looking but was clean. Breakfast was good with a fair choice. Staff were friendly and polite. Overall would definitely stay again perfect location for West end and shopping.☺",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,Fair price but smallest room ever!  Didn't spend time at the hotel during the day at all. Very crowded hotel in the evening - we've been waiting in line for the elevators every night.  Great location just by Tottenham Court Road Station.,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Be wary of this hotel,"I'm sorry to write such a negative hotel because many of the staff are truly nice people. It's the ownership that is the flaw in offering a sub par product in a very desirable location. If you only plan on sleeping and don't plan on sitting in the room, maybe, then hope your room is clean, lights work and drains in the shower actually drain. The hotel resembles a cruise ship in the size of the rooms and corridors. Once inside, you'll find an old bed with FUNKY bedding, a TV that has more shopping channels. No news or current programing. You do get a safe, teapot. Also many rooms only provide a fan and do NOT have A/C. Hope that you visit when London is cool.   I did see some of the larger rooms which of course come at an increase in cost. Comparing the executive level product…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic,"It is ideally located for the Westend, close to shopping (Oxford Street) and a 2 min walk from a tube station. The rooms are extremely small and very tired as are the corridors. Could do with modernizing but then the price to stay would probably increase. The shower cubicle was also really small. The reception areas are very good and the staff are helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Visit to london,"My husband and I stayed in the St. Giles London Hotel.   It was a good stay.  The lighting was a bit low in the bedroom,  but the room was comfortable.    The bathroom  was a bit cramped though.   Staff were friendly.   Hotel was clean.            Andrea",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic, clean and central","Stayed at this hotel for three nights on a sightseeing trip to London.  It is basic but clean and a short walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. The Dominion Theatre, The British Museum and Oxford Street are a couple of minutes away. The rooms are compact and clean and beds are comfortable.  Tea and coffee making facilities are provided. However the lighting is not great, especially for applying make up; too dim in the bedroom and too bright in the bathroom. The room we stayed in was very hot and although a fan was provided it just moved the warm air around the room. A self service breakfast is available with a choice of continental or English fare.  Staff are helpful and the Concierge will keep your suitcase on checkout so you can do last minute shopping or sightseeing…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very low value for money. Stay somewhere else if you can.,"My family and I stayed there for 5 nights. Rooms were very small, which was fine, but the rooms made us very uncomfortable. Unlike the hotels in Japan, which are also small but neat, the rooms in St Gile's were really old and dark. There was hair on one of the beds as well so it wasn't very clean either.  A part of the carpet in my parent's room was wet probably due to spilt water from the house keeping. But it was left undried so we had to call them to clean the carpet. Amenities were provided but not a daily basis. There was no tissue box in the rooms until second day. One set of towels was missing in my parent's room one day. The only positive aspect about it was the location. You can walk to almost all the main attractions from the hotel. However, it was also very noisy in…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,Stayed in this hotel on two occasions. Rooms are lovely and breakfast has something for everyone. Staff were all lovely and helpful with directions around London. Will definitely be back and would recommend to family and friends.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing!,"We stayed in the hotel for a short theatre break with my daughter. It is ideally located for the Westend, however the rooms are extremely small and very tired as are the corridors. My daughter's single room was so small that the sink was inside the shower cubicle. Not good for anyone with claustrophobia!! The reception areas are very good and the staff are helpful and friendly.  We had the pre-theatre meal one night which was very disappointing! The food was not good - my daughter's garlic pizza starter was like cardboard and the minestrone soup was anything but minestrone. ",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect placement,"If you want to be right in the heart of the city, this is the place to be. Short walks from Oxford Street, Leicester Square, and Covent Garden, whilst two minutes away from the tube station. Rooms are a little small, but you're not in them long if you're there for a short stay. Staff are lovely and polite and you can leave your luggage before checking in and after checking out. Overall, a great trip.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean but basic,"We recently stayed at this hotel for one night and would return. It's basic but clean and good value for money. The rooms are compact and a bit dated. Could do with modernising but then the price to stay would probably increase. Beds were comfortable but the bathroom was very small. The shower cubicle was also really small, but fine for what we needed. We didn't need luxury as we didn't spend much time in the room.  The evening meal in the restaurant at the hotel was really lovely. The breakfast was okay! Fairly basic but okay. I'd probably not eat the breakfast again as so many lovely places to eat surrounding the hotel. The swimming pool is the ymca and is chargeable. The casino was great fun and the staff were so friendly.  Will be back! ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Refurbished single rooms are simply not good enough,"We booked two single rooms for last Saturday night. I've stayed here a few times before and although small, I found the rooms adequate for an overnight stay. Not this time though.My room was on the 12th floor (absolutely fine). Theer was a single bed, a bedside table with a telephone, a unit with 4 generous sized drawers, and a flat screen TV. There was tea and coffee making facilities, a fan (as the rooms get very warm), and a hairdryer in the dressing table drawer. The hanging space is restricted by the presence of the in-room safe, but it's ok. All very acceptable. But the bathroom was the smallest one I have ever seen. A sliding door revealed a toilet on the right, with a fairly high shelf which held the towels and a spare toilet roll. If you are under 5' 4"" you'll struggle…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mice in kitchen!,"We were there for 5 days. On day1 while grabbing a bite, a mouse runs out of the kitchen right in front of us and traverses the seating area! Rooms are tiny and the hotel is noisy and dated.  The saving grace is the staff and location without whom it would be less than 1 star. Avoid",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"Our second visit here. Love it.  Location is ideal, ''tis near the shops, theatre and restaurants.  We had a fantastic weekend.   The staff are all lovely. Love the bar off the hotel too. We booked executive this time Twas our second stay and love the hotels revamp. We will be back again.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Appalling ,We went for a meal in Chinatown with friends and decided to make a night of it. Checked out the reviews and booked this Hotel. Wish we hadn't. Possibly the smallest hotel room we have ever seen. My wife tripped on a hole in the floor and was only saved because there wasn't enough room to fall over. Lifts and corridors stank of urine. Lifts filthy. After our meal we decided to have a nightcap in the late bar. Poor selection of drinks. I went to the toilet (single cubicle for gents) and gagged as there was excrement on the floor and walls. Pretty much summed up our stay. ,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,1 night stay ,1 night stop over and theatre trip! The hotel is lovely in a brilliant lively location. Saying that we couldn't hear any traffic whilst in our rooms. The rooms are quite small but are very clean and they have everything you need. The breakfast was average with a nice selection quite busy. Take advantage of the pool and gym! ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"City Centre, Tottenham Court Rd.","Good service, desk receptionists very helpful. Room on the small side, bath and shower good. View from room poor. Lifts slow, quicker to walk down. Breakfast buffet was hectic, and pretty basic.   Location great, plenty of activity around. Good for theatre land.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel,Only stayed one night but was quite impressed.The room wasn't huge but it was okay.The bed was comfortable.All the staff were helpful and polite.The breakfast was very good too.Considering where it is it wasn't badly priced.,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as last visit. ,The location of the St Giles is why we choose this hotel. I so close to Covent Garden and Shaftesbury Ave. the staff are very attentive and reception is well staffed. Our last stay we managed to book a corner suite in the 9 floor with superb views over the city. However this time we had a small room over looking an office block. Ah well it was clean and the bed comfortable. Breakfast is included in the restaurant next door and is more than decent even though it took two cups of coffee to arrive. ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very small room!","Stayed for one night in a single room. It was extremely small. I am happy I did not bring more luggage, as it would not have been anywhere to store it in the room. The bathroom was very cramped and I could hardly move in the shower. Ok for one night, but I would not recommend to stay longer.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel,Very close to Tottenham  Court Tube and very close to Oxford Street and also London Coliseum which was the reason for our visit. Very nice Hotel staff very helpful. We had a great time and would  definitely go back and stay there again 😊,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never Stay Here,"I have never been so rudely treated in my life! Also, this hotel is RUN DOWN, staff is terrible, the elevator was broken fro 4 days so we had to take the stairs every day, even with luggage. The desperately needed help from the concierge in getting our passports we had forgotten and he screamed at us, was totally unhelpful, and caused us to miss our flight back to the US. The only good thing is the location. Honestly our room was so run down I was scared I would gt tetanus from the rusty a/c cover.  There's also a lot of sketchy casino people walking around because there is a casino on the bottom floor. Also, do NOT use the ATM in the lobby the conversion rate is WAY off and when i tried to cancel the transaction it charged me anyway and spit out the money.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,Pretty hard to get to by train but it's not far from the Feltham station once you get there          The hotel was better than I expected for the price. It is close to Heathrow about 10 minutes by car.     The staff sorted out a mix up with our room. Although I wouldn't say they were the friendliest staff.     The room was fairly large with a decent bathroom. But the bed was like a board and the pillow was a rock. So not a lot of sleep.      Breakfast wasn't included in our stay so we wandered over the bridge and found a costa coffee shop.     The noise from traffic and the planes taking off from Heathrow was minimal.     So it's a cheap hotel but keep in mind it cost us £30 to get there from Euston station. ,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great if you're on a budget.,"We were on a tight budget but still needed something that was close enough to all the major attractions and to the Underground. We opted for St Giles for our one night stay and cannot fault anything. Staff were friendly, assisted with luggage and even stored our luggage for a few hours on our day of departure while we went out do some more sightseeing. The room, while very tiny, was neat and tidy and we had a good night's sleep. Very convenient location and one block from Tottenham Court Road tube station which is an interchange between the Central line and the Charing Cross branch of the Northern line. It is also a 2minute walk from the famous Oxford Street and a mere 5min walk from all your West End theaters.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre central,"I booked this hotel after doing a quick internet search for the nearest hotels to the London Coliseum..... booked it up then read the reviews on here, wrong sequence I know! I read the reviews and became very worried about what lay ahead for Mrs Davies and I. Friday night we arrived at St Giles and I have to say we were pleasantly surprised, the reception area is light and airy and the check in staff polite, friendly, helpful and chatty. We were issued with the keys for room 712 and we grabbed the lift to the 7th floor to dump our case. Once out of the lifts we noticed the decor was a little tired compared to the reception area but appeared clean and not too bad. We found the room and our first impression was how small the room is, it's just about the smallest room we've ever…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Stayed at st Giles for one night  with my husband , and can't fault it, we were allow to drop our case of at 10 in morning so we could explore London before our theatre trip in evening, and the service from staff was friendly from start of entering building to went we left was all willing to help with information . Our room was lovely every think we needed for a 1 night stay no faults very comfy. We add dinner in Hudson which was lovely, and a late night snack and drink in vd which was very friendly staff very polite and helpful , and breakfast in sage and chillie restaurant was lovely coffee and food nice and hot staff was friendly. Well done st giles hotel for making our first stay in London very pleasant and relaxing and your staff be so friendly. We were on 9 floor which was…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but adequate ,Centrally placed. Good location for theatre goers. Booking led me to believe breakfast was included in the £109 a night price but it wasn't. Room a little small and very warm but located a small fan in the closet which helped.   Location alone made this a good choice. ,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Meh ,"Conveniently located, comfortably appointed, smartly decorated, keenly priced. However, lacking sparkle, so won't go down in history. That said, still pretty decent and no major grumbles. Go if you're after centrally located accommodation but don't need to penny pinch down to a hostel but equally don't need the accommodation part of your trip be outstanding. ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Oups — I did it again!,"I booked here again. Should have checked my review of the place first, of course. How easy one forgets... As I am lying here, trying to get some sleep in a bed that was obviously not made for such, I wonder where my head was when booking this place again.   Yes, the location is just great! But I tend to want (or at least need) some sleep when staying in a hotel. But these beds where not made for sleeping. Forget about redoing the foyer and decorations of the hotel — BUY NEW BEDS, DUVETS AND PILLOWS  FIRST!   The matress are poking me in my bones (rest assure — I do have my fair share of fat to 'ease' the torture). Hips, ribs, shoulders — they are all suffering painfully! And the heavy, hard and not so delicate bedcover lacking duvet cover, are as usual VERY uncomfortable, and…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not the greatest,Having to spend 4 nights at this hotel and already reading the reviews I was worried going in. At first I thought it wasn't to bad. The rooms are tiny but clean but that's the only good thing. Breakfast wasn't good at all from the staff to the food. I only went the first morning and ended up buying breakfast else where.  For 2 days my coffee cup wasn't changed and I had fruit flies in my room. I wouldn't recommend and will not be going back.,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,The hotel is in a great location within a 5min walk of The tube. The room was adequate with a good size bathroom. The double bed was quite small and the main part of the room could do with decorating. Two light bulbs were out and we only had one towel between two. Seems minor issues but when you are only staying one night it's a bit of a faff to get the issues sorted out. Definitely would stay here again as the staff were great. ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My favourite,"The St Giles is where I usually stay when I'm in London, normally on business, but also on city break.  Its nothing fancy, but most rooms have plenty space, clothing cupboards, good size bathrooms  and they are all clean and airy.  The staff are friendly and will make the effort to help where they can.   My only 2 issues are that you need to request an iron fire use as they don't have them in all rooms. And they only have air conditioning in the top 2 floors, and even so, we booked a room with air conditioning 2yrs ago in July, but it was broken. We did get apologies and a fan for the room, but it took me writing to management to actually get anything done. We received a refund of £10 per night. It's not put me off staying there but I would probably call to make sure there's a/c…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed her for a week on a room only basis.  The room was basic with no frills but was adequate for our needs. There were no drawers in our standard double room just a unit which had ""pigeon holes"" for items of clothing and one very small section for hanging clothes, which was not ideal as we were staying for a week. The bathroom was a good size with the shower in the bath - unfortunately the bath was very high and as I'm only 5' 2"" it was a struggle to get in and out of the shower safely. The window only opened a small way but there was a fan in the room if needed. The daily maid service was very good.The location of the hotel is great - handy for Covent Garden, West End, Oxford Street and a tube station 2 mins away.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great price, great location","I've stayed here twice for work. The first time was in February when they were having their reception revamped. The whole area was a bit of a building site, although they still managed to provide a good service to their guests despite the limitations.  I went back in June when it was finished, and it's a big improvement. The reception is open and welcoming, and the staff are very friendly.  My main reason for booking was simply because of the price. I couldn't find anything comparable in the same area, unless you count the guest houses that don't have en suite facilities. The location is great being walking distance from Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street. It's also only 20 minutes walk to Piccadilly, so that's most of central London covered by foot if you want…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel in a good location,"I stayed in a single room.   It was much smaller than the one that appears in the photograph.    On the plus side, the hotel is in an excellent location.   The Tottenham Court Road train station is very close by, as are buses, shops, and a supermarket.   The buffet breakfast each morning, was well done.   ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,NHS hospital booking for Pots testing- don't stay here,"I'm currently in room 581 at this hotel, was first in room 274. All gloss paintwork is freshly painted and WET! Smell is causing me to vomit and my heart rate is high. Considering calling an ambulance. This was booked via the NHNN hospital as I'm going in for autonomic testing. The NHS paid for me to sleep in a room with paint fumes. Complained twice but nothing has been done. Can't afford to pay for a hotel and live 100 miles away.  I am utterly disgusted.  If you are a patient and you are booked in this hotel be prepared. There's reviews from March this year complaining about the paint.  Seriously considering taking legal action if this causes my health to deteriorate quicker.   I'm so upset but what can I do at 1am?????",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Very well located close to subway, supermarkets, shopping, restaurants etc. Good restaurant below. Hudsons? Rooms fairly basic with no aircon. Obviously only a concern if hot weather. Some rooms on Tottenam Road can be noisy. Good breakfast",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mice,"Not going talk about the hotel, but their restaurant. We went to dinner tonight to what is meant to be an Asian Italian fusion restaurant, which is in reality a restaurant with an Italian menu and an Asia menu! Food was not great, but what to say when at the end of dinner a mouse went running across the dinning room. Action was fast, we were not sure of it, until 10 minutes Kate's when we saw two mice in the open kitchen and one more crossing the dinning room! Unfortunately dinner was over, otherwise we would have left straight away! When we question the waitress, 'sometimes it happens' was the answer!! Maybe they need visit of the hygiene services!!!!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Always a Pleasure,"Been coming to this hotel for many years now and never had a issue. Located in a fantastic area of London in walking distance to Tottenham Court Road tube station. Many restaurants close by, a local Sainsbury's and boots. Staff are very friendly, rooms are very comfortable and can usually snatch a good price for a weekend away.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"It was welcoming. It was clean. Our room was very small. The bathroom was small but clean and adequate. Bed linen was cheap and not great. The mattress was poor. Location was very good. As a place to sleep and shower it serves it's purpose, but if you want an experience pay extra and go upmarket.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better now after renovation,Like the location - the rooms vary a lot. Some are bigger some are small and tiny.  But it is efficient and I have used it many years with great satisfaction.  I stay here both for business and pleasure. The price is always reasonable.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Take ear plugs. Good ones! ,"Booked a last minute stay here after a night at the theatre to avoid an uncomfortable train journey home with the Friday night drinkers! What a waste of money. Got hardly any sleep due to the noise, both in and outside, the hotel. There was no air con, so we opened the window. The noise from outside was so loud, it woke us up. We closed the window but this meant it was too hot to sleep. We couldn't win! It was a tiny room (758) and was akin to trying to sleep in a sauna. There was no curtain at the window, only blinds, which didn't keep the light out so didn't help with trying to get back to sleep.   Location wise, it's brilliant. Right next to Tottenham Court Road tube station for Central and Northern lines. Walking distance to West End theatres and attractions. Food on site at…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Dark, dingy and very small","Hotel room was very small and made more oppressive by big ugly furniture, a dark stained and threadbare carpet that we didn't want to walk on without shoes,  and dark bed covers.  A small window had limited opening and, when open, was too noisy to sleep and, when closed, made the room too hot as there's no A/C. Very basic complimentary tray with no hot chocolate and no proper tea spoons, just plastic sticks. Bathroom was so small, I could rest my head on the opposite wall whilst sitting on the toilet.(I'm 5ft 1in) No soap, just a one size fits all liquid for washing everything. Breakfast like eating in a dark school canteen with no tea  spoons or side plates and very basic. Food was all cheap quality and the croissants were the worst I've ever had. Hotel is in a good location,…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really would not recommend....,"The hotel was dingy and outdated much unlike the photos online. Gross carpeting in the rooms we didn't even want to step on with bare feet. Housekeeping barged in at 8:45 am.... they said online they had air conditioning but when they got there told us it would be an extra fee. There's loud construction taking place right outside so if you're unfortunate enough to not have a/c and need the windows open good luck sleeping with the loud machines and the noisy street below. The vacuums and stuff were just laying around in the hallways every day so you had to navigate around them with your luggage. The room was absolutely tiny, the elevators would all stop working and they wouldn't bother to put up signs so people would just stand around waiting for elevators that wouldn't come. The…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and decent size rooms.,"The hotel is well located with it being just round the corner from Tottenham Court Tube Station and Oxford Street.  The rooms are comfortable and are clean.  Only downside was that we were in London on one of the hottest weekends of the year. Though there was a fan provided, the room was very hot. This is in no way the hotels fault. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"VERY CENTRAL HOTEL,BUT OLD AND SMALL ROOMS","I only love the central location,near undergroud and sightseeing.The building and the reception are good,but the room inside is awful.Very very small-the size of my bathroom of my house-you get panic,very old, much noise,you can hear what everyone does and the cleaning ladies who clean until late at noon.Also i could not sleep even at night because of light,there are no curtains.The breakfast is not delecious,always the same,without any sweet.I dont think i will stay there again",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Central Hotel with Nice, Deluxe Room","I really enjoyed the St. Giles London Hotel and would book it again -- it is only 2 1/2  blocks away from the Tottenham Court Tube Station, 1/2 block away from local bus #14, among others, and is central to the many neighborhoods of London.  All kinds of stores and eating places are available west along Oxford Street and north along Tottenham Court Road, and a Starbucks is nearby for those addicted.    I had asked for a quiet room, and received one on the 12th floor at the end of the hall, away from the elevator.  The concierges and receptionists were nice and efficient; the room was nice as well; several restaurants were available on site, one open for 24 hrs.  A friend and I had a twin deluxe room, staying for 13 nights in July 2017.  I was surprised to find that Hotwire went…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Do not go there,"This has been the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Unorganized check-in process. No wash towels in our room when we arrived late at night and room service never brought them to us. ( after having a 10 hour plane ride it was quite disappointing to not be able to shower ). The room phone was broken and Wi-Fi was very bad so we could not contact our family in a different part of the hotel.  The bed spread had stains on it and the blow dryer ran only on cold. Absolutely do not go to the sage & chilli resteraunt within the hotel.. They brought one person's food out 20 minutes befor everyone elses and when the rest of us finally got our meal it was dry and either undercooked or overcooked. They didn't offer dressing for our salad or side dishes. The waitress never came back, we…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One of the worst hotel stays ever ,"I am giving this Hotel two stars for location and room cleanliness, but other than this I have never stayed at a junkier hotel. Room 188- The carpets are horribly stained, there are water stains ( or mold?) on the bathroom wall/ ceiling ( see photos) , the noise from below was awful at all times of day ( construction across the street starts EARLY), the shower has a paper thin, billowing shower curtain and water gets all over the bathroom floor with each shower, if you run the water in the bathroom sink too heavy it will slop over the sides of the sink, and the staff are not particularly accommodating. The room smells terrible and after the first night the air conditioning was inoperable despite it being hot and stuffy in July. Hallways and "" lifts"" are depressing, dingy and…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend stay,"We stayed Friday to Sunday. Was nice hotel , lobby & staff in reception very nice & helpful. Hotel was not as advertised, looked a lot bigger however for a weekend stay just to sleep was ideal location. Right by the Tottenham court underground, end of Oxfords Street & just 10-20 minutes walk to Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square & Covent Garden. Highly recommend, try it out xx",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ok good location,this hotel is in a good location less than 10 mins walk to leicester sq and the main part of   oxford street rooms ok shower ok beds ok staff ok hotel a bit dated but great value and if you are looking for a good base in london then this hits the spot on site gym and swimming pool,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Rooms small & mediocre, Internet unusable in our room",A well located hotel with some reasonable in house dining and drinking options and a ymca gym underneath. The hotel sent a survey post stay asking how inspirational this place was... What a grossly stupid question . There isn't an ounce of inspiration in these pokey cramped rooms whose main attraction is their relative affordability. Stay somewhere better if you can afford it but otherwise put up with the downsides for the upsides. Bed was not great comfort wise. Even may passageways seem too narrow.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Leisure and Theatre weekend.,"Following reading previous reviews I was a little apprehensive, however as soon as we arrived my fears subsided. We were greeted by an extremely helpful and friendly receptionist (Vicktoria on duty sat 22.7.17 at 1pm. We had requested a quiet twin room and she allocated us just that. Room 947. The room was on the small side but everything we needed was provided, it was spotlessly clean, coffee and tea facilities, fan, tv and shower room ( the only downside I could find during our one night visit was this was a little too small and crampt! But there is little can be done to change this) the room had everything we needed and was certainly quiet....we even. Slept with our window open and were not disturbed. Comfy bed . The positioned the hotel is central and within easy walking…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well located reliable hotel ,"Every time we go to London we stay at the St Giles as the location is so convenient just off Tottenham court road station and the oxford street shops. They've recently refurbished the reception which looks very smart and the reception staff were very polite and helpful. The concierge also were great and couldn't do enough for us. On our last day we were able to leave our luggage with them too which was very helpful.  The rooms are clean and well accommodated, they are slightly on the small side and if I had to be picky it would be nice for them to have air conditioning as it can get very hot in summer however a fan was provided for the warm nights. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mr Salter ,We arrived and were told 2 out of our 3 rooms were not ready! This wasn't a problem because we wanted to do a bit of sight seeing. We came back and were given our keys by the staff and went to our rooms. Upon opening the door I was surprised at how small the room was in fact all the rooms were tiny. The lifts were awful and at one point we had to wait 15 for one to come. The whole hotel needs returning from top to bottom and the staff were not the friendliest of folk😔 a smile or 2 would help. £143 for these facilities was rather steep and i would really have to think twice before booking here again.  ,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable,Have stayed here before and location is great.  2 minutes away form Tottenham Court Road tube. Staff always very helpful.  The rooms are not great but ok.  It could do with someone from homes under the hammer in them because the layout is all wrong.  It's not life or death just more annoying really.  The lifts always seem to be busy so expect a wait.  Apart from that the breakfast was great except no fried eggs only scrambled.  They have pre-cooked toast which someone complained about but I think is much better than 10 people trying toast bread at the same time.  Check out at 11 means you don't have to rush.  Compared to Hotels in a similar area for the price I think you can't go wrong.  Would recommend.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for a British museum visitor!,"As far as we can tell, there is heating but no air-conditioning... Otherwise, just fine. Perfect location for a British museum visitor - just a short walking distance away. Casino next door exchanges US dollars at a great rate.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mediocre,This was a mediocre hotel that offers a good central location. It's easy to find and reasonably easy to check in. Rooms are functional but there's no magic.  Breakfast was included and was nice with good service.   It's a functional place to stay - that's about all ,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What I would have expected,"5 minute walk from Tottenham court Road Tube. We stayed here as we wanted to be central and also go to Shakespeare's Globe. Easy hotel to find. Check in/out were good, Staff on door and reception were friendly, Lift and stairs. Yes there was decorating going on (they have to revamp at some point, and I didn't think the mess was that bad), Room as good size for twin, same with bathroom (good shower). Bed comfy, No air-con, could open the window but would have been noisy from being on a busy part of the street/area. You can hear people in the corridor if they are being loud. Buffet breakfast and lots of it. For what I paid and being London it's what I would of expected. Tea/coffee, tv, hair dryer, safe in room but no fridge. Hotel has plenty of facilities to use but I didn't stay…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value central location,Fairly good value for central London at less than £100 a night. Great location near Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. Small clean rooms but an excellent bar in the hotel. Friendly and helpfull staff.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel perfect location,"Very big hotel but small rooms. Rooms were very clean, staff is very friendly. There's a pool and restaurants in the hotel. Free WiFi. Best thing is location! It's located in Tottenham Court Road near Oxford Street and tube station.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really disappointed ,"I picked the hotel because it had good reviews, was in a great location and was reasonably priced. Unfortunately I didn't just book for myself but also for friends (2 rooms because of the size of their group). Between us we had 4 rooms over the course of our 4 nights. All the rooms were tired and not the cleanest. Our first room was tiny with a plugged sink and a broken toilet. When the toilet was still not working after a room leaning on say two we were moved to a second room which was slightly larger. Strangely in that room our shower wouldn't turn off - not a drip but a steady flow. Our friends did slightly better from a plumbing perspective but one of their twin beds was so uncomfortable that the husband actually slept on the floor in the end - and that after requesting a…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't expect much,If it wasn't for the central location this hotel would have nothing going for it. The rooms are small and airless. There is no character - the lift lobbies on the bedroom floors look like an industrial zone. A few smiles from the staff wouldn't hurt...,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's what they DON'T tell you....,"We booked this hotel because the description and pictures were nice and had overall great reviews. It was a mistake! I assumed because it said free wifi, we would be able to have free wifi within the hotel. Well, wifi is only available in the hotel lobby or in certain parts of the hotel. I wasn't connected to wifi ONCE during the 4 nights I stayed.   I traveled during the first week of July. It was HOT, to say the least. The rooms do not have air conditioning!! Which, in this day and age, how is there not air conditioning available?! It was about 85 degrees during the day (which I wasn't in the room), but when we got back at night, it was still 80 degrees in the room because the 2 windows only open about 3 inches. Opening the window was not helpful at all, but there was also…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,"Excellent location and beds were comfortable. Sleep disturbed by a person screaming and shouting during the night, rang reception twice but this didn't result in effective action. Bar prices were fair, didn't eat in any of the restaurants but prices appeared reasonable",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor customer service,"We stayed here on July 17th to 19th, checked out at 09.30am today, soon after we had checked out i realised that i had left our train tickets in the room in a drawer. after various telephone calls to reception asking to check our departed room they informed me that the room was now occupied (at 10.30am) which i thought was a little quick, your policy does state that check in is as follows: WHAT TIME IS CHECK IN? Check in begins from 2:00 pm (14:00) for all guests. I rang various times to ask if housekeeping could look to see if we left our tickets i was fobbed off 4 times saying nothing in room . I did ask if we could come back to the hotel to look for our train tickets i was told  NO (as the rubbish from the rooms is confidential) they did state we will look and get back to you…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location location. ,This is a great hotel. We have just booked our fourth visit. It doesn't look great from the outside and the standard rooms are very small so we would recommend upgrading. Otherwise though it's excellent in every respect and a great breakfast. Very clean and comfortable rooms some with great views. But the best thing is the location - opposite Tottenham Court Road tube in theatre land and near Oxford Street and Leicester Square - couldn't be better for a visit to London which is why we keep returning. Also the staff are good and have accommodated our special requests. ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is king ,"Not the largest room I have stayed in but clean and comfortable . Breakfast is average at best . What really makes it is the location for Oxford st, Covent garden and is within spiting distance of the Dominion theatre and walking distance to Soho or Cambridge circus . Reception staff are friendly and extremely helpful ,as are the bar staff. I would not want to stay any more than a couple of days but as a base to see central London ....perfect",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming,"The main thing this large hotel has going for it is its proximity to the Dominion Theatre and Oxford Street stores. Like other hotels of its era, they've spent money refurbishing the reception area but paid little attention to the rooms. I actually didn't mind the retro decor in my single room - in fact the black marble shower cubicle, though a bit of a squeeze, retained a lot of its 80s panache. I don’t agree with those reviewers who point out that the standard is reflected in the lower price, since there's still a basic level of presentation visitors should be able to expect in a 'classic' hotel (the chain’s own adjective) in this category, irrespective of location. Guests already have to accept that the central location makes it noisy and that the lifts can be heard from some…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The right side of good; limited but extremely convenient. ,"The short version of the review is this: If you're in town on business or will be out of the hotel all day sight-seeing or whatever, this is a great spot. If you're looking to stay in and enjoy the hotel, maybe looking for a little romance or luxury and comfort, this isn't for you.   Key positive: Excellent location Key negatives: Small room, no air-conditioning guaranteed, clean but not hotel-clean  We booked two bookings at once (first for two nights at the beginning of our trip and the second for one night at the end of our trip) on the recommendation of a friend.   There were a few early positives. The first was the main positive. At this cost, there are likely no hotels that are more centrally located than St Giles London. We took the Underground from the airport to Holborn…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A comfortable hotel in a good location ,A friend and I stayed in two single rooms on the 2nd floor of the st giles. Whilst these were not the most luxurious rooms I have stayed in for the price we paid I was pleased with the comfort and value and couldn't fault the cleanliness of the rooms . The ensuite rooms were fine for an overnight stay although had I been staying for a longer period I may have gone for a slightly larger room.  Staff were friendly and helpful and check in was speedy and welcoming.   Breakfast in the hotel was of good quality and had everything we could want available . The breakfast buffet was £9.95 per person if not included in your room rate.  The hotel is less than 10mins walk from Leicester sq and 2O mins walk from Euston station but with underground stations literally on the doorstep.  The…,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very average ,Stayed here for just one night as a stop off as we were visiting chessington theme park and zoo next day. Room was nice & clean; bed a little hard but ok for one night. Restaurant food for evening and breakfast waa very poor. Im not one to moan but the food was horrible. The beans at breakfast tasted burned which then flavoured rest of food. Would stay again but wouldnt eat ,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well placed,"Stayed for 2 nights. Room was comfortable and clean and the staff were friendly and welcoming. We booked bed and breakfast but wish we hadn't bothered with the breakfast, it was like a free-for-all. It was a buffet breakfast but hardly any choice. The coffee machine wasn't labelled so there were a few cups left with a teabag in and half full of coffee, and a full English without fried eggs?....really?...and they couldn't even be bothered to cook the tomatoes. Also, there were so many people getting their food first then wandering around with plates of hot food and hot drinks in their hands looking for somewhere to sit...surely a safety issue? It all came across as lazy, as if the hotel couldn't be bothered. The hotel was quite busy with at least 2 large groups of teenagers. I…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Substandard l'm afraid to say,"No aircon, room over noisy ventilator shaft kept me awake for hours, tea facilities didn't have socket next to them so had to move kettle to other side of room.  Saving grace was the excellent stalk on check-in desk but l won't be going back in a hurry l'm afraid.  Sorry management!!",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissappointing,"Last time i visited this hotel I gave it 3 (average). This stay I will give an overall rating at a bit below average. (I'd rate this as a 2+) Still the most positive is the location just off the Oxford Street.  +   Location, free coffee and wifi (as a compesation due to renovation of the hotel), breakfast was ok, but not great.  -   Too busy, slow elevators, noisy due to renovation and in general too crowded, small rooms, a bit dirty (wall to wall carpets), very cold at night (in winter)  Try to find an smaller ""boutique hotel"" in one of the small side streets instead...",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A normal clean no frill hotel,Stayed recently as a part of Thomas Cook Europe tour. Hotel is quite near Heathrow but far from main hub and City center. Hotels locality is good. There are two daily need shops and one Pakistani food joiint just 2 minutes walk. Breakfast time was extremely crowded...as this hotel is travelled by many group tour operator. Rooms are basic but clean . But for those who wants to stay near the city center has to spend 40 minutes to reach there. An OK hotel for short stay.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value - Fantastic location.,"Visited this hotel for 2 nights Thurs to Sat. Paid £230 via Anoma for 2 nights for 2 people. The hotel is in central London and is 2 mins walk to Tottenham Court Road tube station and within 10 minutes walk to China Town , Leicester Square and the theatres. We had a standard room on floor 4 which was average size. There was wardrobe space and plenty of cupboards and a desk with chair/lighting. This is a busy hotel in central London so obviously some noise. If you are a light sleeper take ear plugs and you will be fine. The bathroom was compact  but clean and the shower was hot. The breakfast was varied and good quality . All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful . There is a Sainsbury's , boots and primark just over the road from the hotel and a restaurant , gym and…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice staff, but where do you put your clothes","Just spent 3 nights in a superior room as a couple. Nice to have the extra room, but we needed it as there was nowhere to put our clothes, just hangers which were stuck away in a corner and not easy to reach. There was not even a couple of drawers to put clothes into. It is a shame as the hotel location is great and lovely staff. The layout of the room could be so much better thus allowing you room for clothes. Another thing which I would class as a safety issue are the lifts, every time we waited on people to get out of the lifts on the ground floor so we could get up to our rooms the lift doors starting closing the second the people got out even though we were going in. In fact I missed the lift going upstairs a few times because of this. Surely the doors can be timed to stay…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap central London hotel,"The hotel always seemed to be busy, probably because it is cheap for Central London.  Our room was hot, noisy and could do with an update.  Stairwell was bare, cold and slightly scary.  Staff were helpful.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to Oxford Street," I choose the hotel because of its vicinity to Oxford Street since the scope of my visit to London was retail therapy and this hotel is a few minutes away from said street.   The hotel is nice and clean generally, though it needs some refurbishment - there was a loose tile which was kept in place with duct tape.  My room - a single room - was very small but it was clean and had all that was required during my short stay of two nights.  Had I been staying for more nights, then I am afraid that the room's size would have been too restrictive.   I would add half a star for the breakfast which was delicious and varied - the scrambled egg was scrumptious. The hotel is quite large and popular and for this reason one has to wait quite some time to catch an elevator.  The staff were…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London trip,"Great hotel in a fab location. Walking distance from all major attractions - shops, Covent garden, Piccadilly circus etc.  Hotel was good value and the breakfast was really good.  Only feedback is there could be some noise outside at night but to be fair we were exhausted from the days activity so didnt keep us awake. This was our 2nd visit and would definitely book again.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break,Fourth visit to this Hotel.  Disappointing this time due to noise ?building work which started at 0530 am.  My room was at the back of the Hotel and looked out onto a scruffy area.  I have always stayed at the front before and with the busy road traffic etc it was much quieter.  No air conditioning  meant the very small single room was stifling even though a fan was provided.  The bathroom was miniscule. The staff as usual were friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London weekend and theatre visit,Stayed here for one night. The staff were always friendly and extremely helpful. The room was clean and sufficient for our needs. In the morning we had a good self service breakfast which was included. We would happily stay there again. ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a great location,We had a great stay at the St. Glies hotel. The romm was clean and modern and the hotel is in a great central spot for all of London's tourist attractions. We ate at the restaurant at the hotel where the food was OK but the service was a little slow even though it was pretty quiet. We will definitely stay here again when we visit London but will probably eat somewhere else.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okay stay ,I have stayed here before perhaps a year ago.  The reception was pleasant and efficient. I had a twin room in the 5th floor. The room was compact and was quite warm.  It was a hot day with no air con. The window was open and there was a fan.  Free wifi and a comfy bed.  Breakfast was buffet but I was not really impressed with the full English. Over cooked bacon and cheap sausages. Go for the continental option.  Check out was efficient and pleasant. ,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location at a reasonable price,"The hotel is just off oxford street and about 1 minute from Tottenham court road underground station , you cannot get closer to central London for this price! I had a deluxe twin room to myself which was £127 per night so just over £60 a person a night for central London! The rooms were comfortable and the air conditioning was amazing as it was 30 degrees outside . There is also a small desk and sitting area and the bathroom is modern with all you need. The bar connected to the hotel is also good and the prices are comparable to other London pubs. I would 100% stay again. Oh and do online check in its so easy and saves time when you get there.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,We stayed here for a Saturday night late in June while we celebrated my boyfriend's birthday in London. My only very slight initial disappointment was that the superior room did look smaller than on the website when I booked - BUT it was also furnished much better than expected and the views (even from the toilet!!) were absolutely amazing and really helped make the stay for us. The bar was very good (every time we used it ; )) and the 24 hour diner breakfast experience the next morning was fantastic - much better than the usual buffet type affair I was expecting!,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, excellent rates!","This hotel is a treasure. The location and rates are unbeatable for London. HOWEVER, you must be prepared for very very very small rooms, older hotel, and a budget environment. It however will meet more than your basic needs, and whatever it lacks in sophistication you gain back in location and rates. I will be back next year, worth it. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is great!,"We upgraded to an executive suite (double) and so thankful!  It was a nice size (especially for European standards), had working AC, and a nice size shower. My friend stayed in a single, on floor 5, and the room and bathroom were tiny with no AC. The hotel is in a great location, just a block from the tube station and within walking distance of the theatre. Would recommend this hotel, as long as you upgrade. Or if you don't mind being in a small room, it's a great location. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,long weekend,this was not my first visit to this hotel i have been on a few trips to london and stayed in this hotel as it is in a great location  i had been looking forward to going for the last few months on arival i noticed that reception had had a full makeover and was looking good  from there it started to go down hill i knew the rooms and bathroom were small (but how long do you stop in the room your there for london ) so this was not a problem there clean and have everthing you need  the main problems are down stairs starting with the bar all the staff are rubbish plenty off them just slow and serving the first person they see not the ones waiting fifteen minuets to get served ( i would not employ one off them in my bar ) dont sit outside as all you get are beggers every five minuets…,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,one night stay,"I booked this hotel based on availability, the hotel is generally clean and check in was simple enough. The room was small to say the least just enough room to fit a double bed, the bath room much the same. As it was just a one night stay we managed. The only thing that annoyed me was on Sundays the concierge charge £1 per bag to store luggage ! i know its a nominal fee but found it a little pathetic ?  Also breakfast at VC was very expensive for what we had.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A good hotel for a city break,We've stayed at the St Giles a couple of times. Close to Oxford St and the West End. Close to Tottenham Court Rd tube station. So a good location. Hotel is nice and clean. Good rooms.  Nice staff. Nice breakfast and a handy bar also. ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Stay,Stopped here Friday 7th July and Saturday 8th July 2017. Plus points Hotel Location Breakfast OK Negative points Room size Room comfort Would not return as there's better hotels to stay. Temperature was very warm in London at weekend and rooms were unbearably warm and uncomfortable.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our stay,We stayed for just one night while visiting London but this was enough time to judge that this hotel is of a high standard. Friendly helpful staff. Very nice room with comfortable beds. Good well cooked breakfast. This hotel is situated very near to a tube station which we found useful. Also the facility to leave our luggage safely after we checked out so we could continue sightseeing was a great help. One minor problem was the long wait for lifts to go down to breakfast but at other times there wasn't a problem. Just need to pick a quieter time to eat. Would definitely recommend.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Enjoyable stay, London",No air conditioning when temps are high.  Front desk staff and concierge very knowledgeable and helpful.  In a great neighborhood near theaters and many nearby and in hotel eating places.  Bathrooms small but excellent water pressure in showers. A little dated but fair price for central London hotel.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's ok,"Hotel reception area was busy on arrival. We were early for checking in as going To a concert in Hyde park , our room wasn't available but we're able to leave our bags with them. Hotel staff advised us to return in an hour and the room will be ready - which it was.   Our room was on the 5th floor. Room it's self was a little tired but clean. Bathroom looked rather modern with a small shower.   Room had a safe in it too.   Breakfast........reminded us of a school canteen. On both days the food wasn't overly hot and had no taste to it either. A real let down ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,more positives than negatives and it grew on us!,"Stayed for two nights. Will start with the positives; the location is excellent, the price is reasonable for the location, the staff were very helpful and professional. The breakfast is perfectly adequate for the price bracket. The rooms were very clean. This leads me to the aspects that require improvement; the room we stayed in was very tired, it needed an upgrade, the towels were worn, there was no air-conditioning although they did provide a fan - not quite as effective though!Finally our room face a busy street and it was REALLY noisy through the night. If we closed the window - we melted!! We would stay there again but would ask for a quiet room facing a side street.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located,"We were travelling in June 2017, and landed at the hotel around 1pm, and the place was buzzing with multiple rooms being checked-in around that time - They didn't have the rooms ready until 2:30pm! Due to its central location (2 min walk from Tottenham metro station & the start of Oxford street) I would really recomend this place to almost all travellers who are looking for a place thats accessible to central london. Has a good bar (open till ~2am), and a 24/7 restaurant for food in the same building. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hote! great service! view recomendation for rooms,"This hotel is at the center  of the city, close to the small branch of Primark (only four floors store...enough for me), next to the Tottenham Court train station, and very close to Chinatown, Leicester Square and more. I arrived with my sister, who suffered from a very light sleep. At first they put us next to elevators that disturbed her, so we were transferred to a room that had unpleasant smells and at last We found rest in an excellent room on the tenth floor. First of all there are 700 rooms in the hotel, it does not look like this but it is huge !, ask for a room that does not turn to the restaurant area so you will not to suffer smells, and  know this - the rooms are relatively small. but! The service at this hotel is simply excellent, they treated every problem that was…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location and service, but the rooms.....","We stayed here for 4 nights. We booked a standard room, and on arrival found it to be so small that we could barely found a place to open our luggage. We approached the reception and desk and the receptionist helped us to upgrade the room to a deluxe room, which was actually the same size but had an additional small room between the bedroom and the bathroom. However, half of the light bulbs were burned and there were large stains on the carpet,the water pressure was very low, so we could hardly used the shower, so we moved to a another room, again. All the rooms are of the same size, and the shower has a curtain and not doors, which is waving when you open the faucet.  I can say that during our complaints - the team was very kind and understanding, and did the best they could…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"We booked an executive double room. We were given a roof top room which required switching elevators at the 11th floor. No big deal. The room was small but very clean. The bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was modern with a good shower. We had air conditioning as well. The view was nice. The closet was very small and half of it is taken up by the safe, fridge and ironing board. Not ideal for two women with clothes to hang. Thank goodness for the iron. We needed it. We could see some of the major buildings of interest in London. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Special mention to Lucia who was very sweet  We booked our hop on hop off right in the hotel. We had the breakfast package which was very convenient. It was nice to sit by the window and people watch. Great…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great stay and great location,"A well placed Central London hotel, a short walk from Tottenham Road Station makes this hotel as an ideal location for your stay.    Major attractions all within a short walk.    Room was relatively basic but comfortable for a one night stay.  Bathroom had small stand up shower basic but it got the job done.  Coffee and tea facilities, but a/c was rather poor at putting out chilled air.  Was disappointed that gym and pool didn't open until 9am as an early riser I would have loved to be able to make use of the facilities.  Breakfast buffet was excellent with plenty of choice from a help your self range.  On site restaurant was very good portion size was excellent.  All in all a good stay happy to recommend, and would use again if staying in Central London.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,theatre visit,"excellent Value. very central for theatre and sites of London,room small but comfortable,staff very pleasant and helpful,  Very convenient for the West end Theatres .,Trip was booked as a Hotel Theatre Deal . VQ  resturant within the Hotel was  nice dining.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average stay,"I stayed at St.Giles for 5 nights,the best thing to stay here was  that it's very close to oxford street maybe 7 minutes of walking to the oxford circus underground station and even closer to the Tottenham court road station. The buffet breakfast was just about average as the menu was the same everyday,but there was a staff who impressed me with her service and her name is Vektoria. The room was quite ok but I was certainly not happy with the shower as it didn't have enough of room,I had to request a fan because it was warm summer nights. The hotel needs some improvement as far as the room interiors are concerned and the television had only 4 channels none of them had sports,the so called free wifi  connection was pathetic unless I paid for the speeder one,many of the charging…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Sightseeing/Theatre trip,"We booked exec room with air conditioning as it was a summer visit. On 7th floor views across the city were very good. Reception staff Excellent. Concierge Excellent, Dining staff very good, polite, efficient, nothing too much trouble.  the lifts could be a problem but, you would expect a wait at busy times in such a big hotel. The room was very disappointing in respect of double exec room ?? 1 bathrobe, 1 armchair very small handwash basin, shower not very powerful, complimentary tray not fully replenished each day. T.V only 3 channels available BBC1 BBC2 BBC London.On the plus side bed was comfortable, air con very welcome, bottled water in fridge each day. Location very good(and that was main reason for booking this hotel) Cleanliness could be improved in bathrooms, food in…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for London standards,"Was a great location, close to Totttenham Court Road tube station and not far to walk to SOHO. Our room was on level 12 which meant you had to either take stairs for the last floor, or take a VERY small elevator, wasn't a big issue for us. A dated hotel room, but fine for the price you are paying in a good London location. Fine to just rest your head for the night.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny rooms - breakfast disgusting,"Stayed one night whilst passing through London. Room was minuscule - the sink for washing was inside the already tiny shower! Breakfast was horrible - not sure how you could get it so far wrong. There is army of staff at breakfast time but the meal has no substance or taste. Orange juice so badly watered down that it tasted of nothing. Calling the coffee 'dirty water' would be being kind. The cooked breakfast tasted of nothing but cheap fat and lard, I could hardly touch it and barely stomached the two mouthfuls I took. Sorry to have wasted my money on buying breakfast - would be far better going to one of the many options in central London just outside the door.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We have stayed here a few times and found the hotel very comfortable and clean. The rooms can be a little small and warm but excellent value for such a central location.  It's an easy walk to Soho, Leicester Square etc.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average at best,"Great location, 2 minutes from tube station and very central. Also the room was clean but that is where the positives stop and I'm sure there must be better out there for the same price. Room was very small and bathroom a very tight squeeze. Breakfast was dreadful - very basic and clearly done on the tightest budget possible. Full English but the cheapest of of ingredients and I'm sure the scrambled egg had been no where near a hen! Certainly won't be rushing back.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent Hotel In Good Location,"Stayed at the St Giles for two nights last weekend when attending the Green Day concert in Hyde Park. The hotel is good, it's not The Savoy but you wouldn't expect it to be for £70 per night. Myself & two friends all had single rooms and although the rooms are small they are clean, comfortable, have plenty of space to hang clothes, and the room had the added bonus of a Safety Deposit Box. The bathroom has a shower only, but the water was hot, and the shower/sink/toilet were clean.  Breakfast was good as well...we all thoroughly enjoyed our Full English on both days of our stay.  The big selling point for me though is the location. Tottenham Court Road Tube Station is 2 minutes away, Goodge Street station only about 5 minutes away. It's also very close to the junction with Oxford…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location. Good Value for Money,"We stayed for 2 nights and had a single and a double room. The rooms were clean but a little shabby around the edges as was the rest of the hotel. Just a sign of a well used hotel in central London. The rooms were also on the small side but again you are in London. The rooms had tea and coffee making facilities, a hair dryer, a fan and safe that was free to use. The location of this hotel is excellent just a few minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and one end of Oxford Street. The Dominion Theatre is literally just around the corner. The concierge and reception staff were very helpful as were the restaurant staff. The breakfast was great we never queued for a table and the buffet food was always hot. At busy times there was a queue for the lifts but we never…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,Great location if you are looking for a city experience. Concierge always greeted with a smile. Very helpful. Breakfast was dreadful and not good value for money. Room not so nice. Old and tired interior except for bathroom which was ok. Smells a bit like a an old smokingroom that's been painted. Quite dusty on both shelfs and in the bathroom.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel For A Basic Trip,"Stayed at the hotel on a recommendation and I must say I would go back and stay there for convenience, it is very close to the shops and a short walk away to the shows are.. The rooms are great, basic but they have all you need, plenty of towels, soap, shampoo, hairdryer, TV (mind it had no picture), even a fan for the room.. The rooms were noisy but they you are in the centre so this has to be expected.. The staff are ""grand"" I would not say friendly, they do their job on a basic scale... We were not given check out times, or breakfeast times. Breakfeast is mentioned on a leaflet in the rooms but this was wrong. I would most certainly without a doubt not pay for a breakfeast there, I would have been very annoyed if we had paid extra for it, it is pretty bad. We were on the last…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Exactly what it says on the tin... (so to speak!),"Far from the best hotel I have stayed in, but for the money it's great. Clean, location is spot on, facilities are adequate and parking available at a competitive price. The room was very small, but I don't come to London to stay in my hotel room. I am often out and about. The room didn't have air con, but there was a working fan which I had to put on as it was very warm. Yes I could have complained, but I was already on the 8th floor and unpacked when I realised! Shower room was clean and a decent size. I would come back. But next time ask for a room with Air Con!! If they have them!? ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, excellent location ","Quick check in, friendly staff, decent size room, small ish bathroom, good bar. Location is excellent and is the selling point. As is the price. London is not cheap to stay in at all and this might not be the best hotel but for the price, location and a decent enough room, I honestly don't see what the issue is. We had no noise, no problems and we all enjoyed our stay. (We had 2 rooms) Tube is 2 minutes walk, as is Oxford Street, British Museum and Soho about 5 minutes. We will definitely return. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A let down from start to finish ,Myself and family booked the flux rooms on the top floor of the hotel.  The rooms where cramped very dated and uncomfortable. The bed left me with a stiff back ( not good wile planning walking round London for 3 days ) the air conditioning was that noisy you could not have it on wile sleeping. Our other room it broke and leaked all over the entrance to the room ( this was still not looked into by the time we checked out ).   Please don't waste your money on the hotel breakfasts! We sent ours back twice and on the 3rd attempt we left. The orange juice was warmer than the tea and coffee.  The breakfast had clearly been left under the hot lamp for a long time. However strangely this hadn't kept it hot!   Reception staff where in filling to help or interested.   On the evening we…,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overpriced for tiny room and brakfast,"Ideally located near Soho and Oxford Street, but the rooms are old fashioned and tiny. And breakfast is very basic, so we recommend to have breakfast just around the corner. And for luckage storage you have to pay!!!! We guess that management don't know what cusomer service is anymore.   We won't go here again. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"We stayed here for 2 nights in an executive room on the 9th floor , we could see big Ben  in the distance . Our room was very big and plenty of room in the bathroom . We slept well and beds were  very comfy. After breakfast we walked around london, the hotel wasnt that far from sight seeing . On our second evening we eaten at the hotel , the food was lovely and cooked well , the table service was good also. We would stay at this hotel again in the future when we visit london again.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Deluxe twin!!,"This hotel is in a fantastic location but.... The hotel room we stayed in was supposed to be a Deluxe twin, well if this room was deluxe then I wouldn't want to stay in a standard room.  It's beyond basic and really dated. The rooms really need some money spent on them. Breakfast was ok and had a good choice of things to eat,very busy though. Would we use this hotel again? Probably not, a lot of money for a very basic place. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location!,"Even though the hotel feels quite dated, it's location is hard to beat for central London.   My Twin bedded room was quite small, pleased I wasn't sharing, the shower was very small too. But on the plus side it was clean, quite and comfortable.    For a couple of nights on business or for visiting central London it's location is perfect! Just a couple of minutes walk to Tottenham Court Road underground station, bus stops, plus taxi are always at the front of the hotel.   All the staff I met were friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Room 1232 - hot, noisy from the lift mechanism?, and the sink is in the shower - ask for another","I like a lot about this hotel and I have stayed here before. It is so central and generally very good value for money. My stays before have also been in single rooms, clean, which have generally been very small but but the again you get what you pay for. Granted it has been a few years since I was last there but on this occasion arriving late I was given a room on the 12th floor. Marvellous I thought, must be a good view. Now the problem is that there are a about 6 lifts all close together and on this particular evening they they were rammed with people trying to get up. Eventually got down on the 11th floor and changed to another lift for the 12th. A wave of heat hit me on entry. No air con here and the windows only open so much - limited I suspect as we were on the 12 th floor…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic until you walk past reception,"Recently booked here for a short stay in London, situated in a great location near shops, west end and restaurants. If your a theatre lover you couldn't ask for a better location most theatres within walking distance. We were greeted by friendly staff and were checked in quite quickly. It went quickly down hill from there..After walking out of the elevator it felt like we were in a time machine going back about 20/30 years. The decoration is very outdated and in bad need of refurbishment. The corridors were grubby and poorly maintained. As soon as we opened the door to our room we were hit in the face with hot air. It was like a sauna. To our astonishment there was no air conditioning in our room. You'd think when London can hit temperatures of more than 30 degrees in the summer…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great value for money,"For the price in London this hotel is great. We went to see a show so it was perfect as it is only a few minutes walk for the theatres. It had everything we needed for one nights stay, the rooms were a little small but that didn't bother us as we only needed a place to sleep. The facilities were great, they had a cafe and restaurant next door, we were able to check in early, the rooms had a hairdryer, fan, tea and coffee, the also had an ironing room and free access to the gym/spa and casino next door. The rooms were a little tired and dated but very clean and tidy. We had a room on the side of the hotel and it was extremely quiet and the beds were very comfortable.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London hotel,"We stayed here overnight with Newmarket holidays. The location was ideal, the driver and courier were informative, helpful & pleasant. The hotel was large but we were checked in quickly and efficiently. The breakfast in the morning was very nice with plenty of choice and we were quickly shown to a table. All staff were friendly and pleasant. The bedroom was a decent size, shower was fine, room was clean. The problem was the room was stifling no air con just a fan which was ineffective in the heat. The window didn't open so we were hot and uncomfortable all night. This hotel would really benefit from air con.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value central London Hotel,"Just returned from a 2 night city break at the St Giles Hotel.  The hotel is big and busy, with friendly staff and clean, basic but well designed comfortable rooms.  We did not try either the bars or the restaurant but the breakfasts were fine - a good selection of hot and cold food, in plentiful supply.  We chose the hotel after a brief internet search and would be happy to return there when we visit London again.  It is well situated just off Tottenham Court Road, close to the tube station and well served by buses.  I have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone needing a good base for s sightseeing or business trip.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,recent visit,A good hotel as a london base rooms are small windows open only onlya tiny amount. Staff are friendly. The breakfast is good but the dontput butter on the table so you have to good looking for it and breakfast goes cold also they wont fry any eggs. the porters who store your bags are very polite and friendly and nothing is too much trouble for them. Drinks in the bar are really expensive about 3 to 4 sterling more expensive then even the poshist bars.Saying all this the hotel does what it says on the tin and we will return because of its good location.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Reasonably priced, central location","Good price for the location, rooms very small but adequate, lovely modern bathroom.  Breakfast was included and was nice.  It can get very loud in the evenings so you need the windows closed which can be a bit of a problem in hot weather as there is no air con in the rooms.  No real complaints, would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed just one night this time but found my single room compact but clean and comfy. Staff on concierge desk extremely cheerful and friendly. Only problem was someone opening my room door 3 times between 8.15 and 8.30 in the morning, which I take to be housekeeping staff, but made me quite apprehensive, being alone. Surely staff know check out times. All in all though this is a great hotel for the price and the location is fantastic.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, friendly staff","Stayed for one night whilst sight seeing in London, didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel but it was ideal for a bed for the night and a great price. Staff were very welcoming & helpful. Room was ok could do with an upgrade and bathroom was very small. Great location, 2 min walk to the tube station and Leicester Square within walking distance so ideal for a theatre stay. Also only a few tube stops from Euston/Kings cross if travelling by train. Bar in the hotel was nice with good selection, we didn't have breakfast and found it difficult to get a tea/coffee in the morning. They have a left luggage room which really helped! Overall staff and location make this hotel and I would go back. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"Stayed the weekend, room was clean and tidy comfy bed bathroom small but fine, staff very friendly and helpful and the bar nice place to have a drink this is my second visit will defo stay again location is excellent.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy building work in the morning.,"This hotel is cheap for it's location.  For a lads night out it was ok. Nice friendly check in. Practical no frills stay.  Everything was minimal, very small room but this is what you would expect at the price.  Under refurbishment. Not a problem but not great.  Good value for money.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,such a let down,"its was our 25th wedding anniversary and requested a room with a view, of which was probably the only positive to the stay. queues for lifts, overcrowded, tiny double bed stuffy room inadequate fan , bathroom tiny, towels so hard and starchy such a disappointment, drinks prices excessive.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Meh. Great location and price, but disappointing aside from that","We stayed for several days at the St. Giles Hotel. The price for our standard triple room was very competitive and the location is excellent. And there’s a great YMCA fitness center in the basement that gives a discount to hotel guests. Those are huge plusses.  Aside from that, though, this hotel gets so much wrong. Our room was clean but stiflingly small and in poor condition (windows didn’t stay open, some blinds were broken, even the unbroken parts were not able to block the sunlight, the cold faucet was difficult to turn and stayed dripping, the sink stopper control did not work and you had to put your hand in a sink full of water to drain it, the toilet seat didn’t stay in place and always got wet from the shower). The “double” bed was really one-and-a-half-person size and…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, reasonable hotel","Easy to find from the tube station and within walking distance of Soho, theatres and Covent Garden.  We were going to a show so didn't spend much time in the room. Beds were fine, bathroom tired and could have been cleaner, room was hot but a fan was provided. Would stay there again if only visiting for a show, as the location was perfect.  Staff were very nice, reception a bit smelly, and the lifts get very busy. We only paid £64 each for a Friday night stay which we felt was a great price. This also included breakfast and we were very impressed with the food on offer. All freshly cooked and very nice!",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad,St Giles hotel all staff very friendly hotel room very clean food in the Hudson restaurant very nice tasty and reasonable price hotel bar nice atmosphere I would stop here again close to all amienities,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad,"Stayed here for a weekend London break (third time at this hotel) Executive room was quite good, clean, complimentary water in fridge, decent bed etc. Lifts are a major balls ache with so many people trying to use at once so be patient on this. Parking is cheap / reduced rate in car park under hotel at £25 for 24 hours. Paid for the executive partly as you upgrade the breakfast to the VQ a'la carte instead of the buffet style in what's more like a school canteen. Wife ordered omelet which came out greasy, I had full English with orange juice. The warmest thing of mine was the juice, cold egg, Luke warm beans, think the tomato had been grilled in the fridge, bacon cold and stuck together .... obviously for this they simply go to the canteen , dish up, bring back through so it…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit ,"Hotel staff are very professional  Ideal location near to Tottenham Court Road tube, ideal for underground network.  Bedroom was on the small side but only used as a base so no problem.  Hotel bar was relaxing and nicely laid out to sit and chat as a group.  Breakfast was okay.  Would stay here again  ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel but avoid Bar,"Stayed here twice recently, hotel itself is good but don't make the mistake I did and purchased a meal from the bar 22 pound for 22 chips and a scrap of stake.  Should of visited Mc Donald's as I would of gotten 10 times the food for half the price.  Bar staff could do with some people skills but those doing check in/cleaning were very pleasant.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location","We stayed here as part of an (restrained!) hen and stag party. The rooms were nice, they were very warm and the double beds are on the smaller side but except for that I couldn't fault it. The location is great, but does mean you hear a lot of 'local' noise if you're not staying out late! And the rooms are quite bright first thing, not want you ideally want with a bit of a hangover!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel avoid travel republic booking it,Booked for a sat eve the 11th back in march and then added extra fri 10th both with travel republic. Arrived fri eve only to be told my sat nite was cancelled! Travel republic had sent me email on fri eve saying this hotel was fully booked for sat eve so they moved us to different hotel.Front desk was brilliant and I paid again for sat nite as not full . Trying to get refund from agent. Amazing staff clean hotel but book direct !!!,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,For the present,"We only stayed for one night and were delighted our sons had booked a deluxe room for us; on the hottest day/night of the year we were thankful for the air conditioning, the fan and the extra space. It was all very comfortable and the staff were very helpful. The lifts were a pain and waiting for one became something of a game; the wait was so long we even walked down the stairs which when you are 70 tells you a lot! Breakfast was more than adequate. Location is excellent. We would stay again but would always book a de luxe room.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Visit to the capital for daughters 21st,"Just got back from a 3 night stop at St Giles hotel Location I have to say is excellent, just down the rd from theatre land, shopping on Oxford street, sightseeing and just lazing in Covent Garden. We arrived on Monday afternoon, reception staff were really lovely and check in was quick Our room was on the 12th floor, although be aware if you do end up there , that the main lift ends at floor 11, then you get out and have to go into a tiny lift that takes you to floor 12 and the roof top There is a staircase, which we used as the lift is tiny  Taking on board we arrived in 32 degree heat and everywhere we went had no air, we were so thankful that we booked a deluxe room with air con, which was a god send.... Room I do agree was quite small, but we have been in smaller on…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst mistake. Avoid at all costs!!!,Advertised as accessible but lift broken and has been for weeks. No one bothered to tell us.   We were here before the  2 pm posted checkin time and no else was checking in. Over 50 minutes still waiting. For a room I will have to be escorted to by staff since I can only use the servants lift.   All this in theory because no room seems available. They thought I flew across the Atlantic to waste my time in their ugly lobby.   This pathetic place should exit London. They have thoroughly ruined our trip and we just got here.   ,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bathroom that small you can't fit in the shower ,"I have to say what an utter disappointment this hotel is.    We booked to stay after seeing Harry Potter.   Checked in at half ten at night no problems.   Had to wait a while for the lifts but I think this is because loads of people had just come back from the theatre.    The real let down was the room.  After a day in the theatre on the hottest day of the year all I wanted was a shower. The shower cubicle is that small and only open half way that I physically couldn't fit in to the shower!!  Reception just said nothing we can do. Fully booked.    Room is stifling hot, they provide a fan but this just moves hot air around.  No air conditioning.  The bed is really uncomfy and is sinking on on side.    I would stay here again. Can't wait till morning to check out ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but we wouldn't go back.","A quick walk to Tottenham Court tube, but it's relatively easy to find a hotel close to a tube station so that's not such a rare quality. Tiny and unappealing room, with a tiny window, and a narrow view between 2 buildings. Bed and shower were good. Mediocre service. There was outdated information in the room about using the safe, and we asked staff twice for current information and were promised assistance, but it never happened. The service in the restaurant was good though. Stayed 2 nights on the way to Ireland, but on our way back we chose a different hotel for our last 5 nights in London.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect city base,"Always a pleasure to stay here. The rooms are a little small, but the facilties are excellent, and so are the staff. The location couldn't be better, with a 30 second walk to the nearest tube station,  and right on the doorstep of the shops of Oxford Street and Regent St. Nearby Soho and theatre land make this the perfect spot to stay in central London,  with easy 15 minute walks to the likes of Leicester Square,  Chinatown , Covent Garden and picadilly.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"I had average expectations for this hotel after reading some of the reviews online. The lobby was modern and spacious when we first entered but we had to wait about 10 minutes to get checked in. Our room was disappointing. One of my friends has an allergy to feather pillows and all of the pillows in the room (including the spare ones) were feather pillows. Our window was open on a latch and when we tried to close it at night time (for security and noise reasons), it wouldn't close so we had to leave it open all day and all night, even when we weren't in the room. The wooden frame of the window was rotten and did not look good at all. We had four plug sockets in the room but the one where the hairdryer was located did not work, so we had to alternate between two sockets for…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for west end London,"We stayed in the hotels standard room for 4 nights. The room was small and the decor was dated. There was no fridge in the room a small thing but sometimes useful. The bed was comfortable. The TV was small and tucked away in a cupboard.  The breakfast was excellent offering eggs,bacon, tomatoes, toast, beans, fruit, yogurts, old meats, cheeses etc great value for money. The wait staff kept everything clean and tidy considering the amount of people that attend the meal service they did a fantastic job.  The concierge staff was excellent no task was too difficult and was a wealth of information.   The location of the hotel is a good location for the west end of London's theatre district. The Tottenham underground is only 2 blocks away. Buses pass about 100 metres away from the…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"central location, not expensive, good facilities","I have stayed several times both singly and with family. Single rooms vary, facilities are all good but some better finished than others. Have often been upgraded to a better room without asking. Prefer staying on higher floors as it is quieter and great views. Breakfast is good and always plenty of places to sit, Pool and sports complex in basement is available for a small extra charge. Staff are very pleasant and helpful and I've often booked in before the allocated time with no problems. Great if you're visiting the West End to see a show- most in walking distance",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing views,Stayed here for the second time. In executive room on ninth floor. Room was lovely views of London were amazing. Such a good nights sleep. Couldn't fault it at all. Wish we had booked a few nights. Large room. We slept with curtains open so we could see London at night and wake up to the view. Hotel situated a ten min walk from oxford street. Lots of traditional London pubs within walking distance. Met some lovely people who were on their fourth stay at the hotel. Very busy hotel but big enough to seat everyone at breakfast. The higher floors are definitely better as you only get bsckground noise from traffic.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Relatively Inexpensive & Great Location,"The draw for this hotel is the location (2 blocks from the British Museum and 2 blocks from the subway ""tube"") and price.  We stayed at the St Giles for a couple of days when we first landed in London and booked their ""Standard Double Room"".  Incredibly small when compared to a typical U.S. hotel.  My husband and I had to plan moving around the room as there was only walking room around the bed and if one of us sat in the chair you could not walk past. No AC was available for this room but we did request and receive a fan.  The flat screen TV was small (maybe 20"" x 15"") but probably appropriate due to the room size and viewing distance from the bed - the only place to watch the TV.  Included was a small desk built into a modern armoire to hang clothes.  No drawers so you…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good positioned,"The hotel is very good positioned near the Tottenhem Court Underground Station on Oxford Street. And this is only I can recommend. Very small rooms, just for quick overnight. Breakfast standard but too crowded restaurant. Reception staff excellent.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well situated hotel,We had been given a wine tasting voucher to be used at the Raddison Blu hotel in Bloomsbury Street and we wanted to stay overnight so the price was right at the St Giles. We have stayed here before and at other hotels in London. This one is usually within our budget and the others are usually treats!! It is an extremely busy hotel and quite basic but it is clean and the beds are comfortable. It is very compact and it would be tricky to store a lot of luggage there. The breakfast is canteen style but good and adequate at  London prices. We paid £135 including breakfast for 2 for an overnight stay in a hotel just off Oxford Street so we consider it to be good value.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay ,"My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights while visiting London. The check-in experience was friendly and accomodating and quite speedy, which was nice after a long flight.  On first impression of the room, we thought it was quite small. Only a double sized bed, but still very comfortable and soft. The rest of the bedroom is pretty dated and could use an upgrade. The bathroom is a bit more modern and is kept pretty clean which makes this place more comfortable.   Overall the experience was positive as the room was kept clean and friendly staff.   Cons would be the room was a bit too small and no bar fridge or ironing facilities in the room.   Would most likely stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So much value for money,"It's true that in life you get what you pay for.  The St Giles is not expensive - indeed given its location, its cheap.  I stayed for possibly my 100th time last week.  The location just off Tottenham Court Road and within a heartbeat of Oxford street and Centre point could not be better.   The reception was refurbished in 2016 and is MUCH better and modern.  The staff are all incredibly helpful from Joah and Chris the concierge guys for whom nothing is too much, to the friendly multi-lingual reception ladies.    The rooms - they are small indeed. Even a double.  The decor is old and in need of upgrade as is the carpet and the bathrooms - wow - having a shower is a bit crazy as they are SO small.  But somehow you appreciate that for the money you've paid, to stay in an amazing…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed,"Summary Very mediocre dated ""modern"" hotel. The price reflects the experience. Don't go with high expectations and you won't be disappointed.    Pros Not many;  Beds comfortable  Liquid soap in shower and by sink VQ diner on ground floor is best option for breakfast; nice staff and far more pleasant eating environment   Cons Buffet breakfast truly awful ingredients Sausages in the cooked breakfast are worst I've ever eaten  Tinned fruit is so tasteless - I am still not sure if I was eating pineapple Premier inn and traveling breakfasts are better - I suggest you go next door to cafe  Mediocre/Irritating Corner room with strange layout but imagine a std double would be small Shower pressure was adequate but dials not that responsive re temperature Lifts slow and doors keep…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another three days happy stay at St Giles.............,"We have stayed here numerous times and since the hotel has been refurbished it is now quite trendy.  It is a very busy hotel, but perfectly situated for theatres and serious retail therapy, (Oxford street is round the corner!)  But one tip, update to a deluxe room for very little extra, there is definitely more space, and most of the rooms are higher up, with less noise.  But do be aware it is on a very busy road junction and there will always be an element of traffic noise.  We will definitely return for another theatre visit.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Too noisy, overcrowded and impersonal","Although the location is excellent (very close to the British Museum and right in Bloomsbury), the price you pay is a lot of noise. I was on the 8th floor and still I needed earplugs to sleep well! The rooms are fine, but I could not manipulate the blinds on my tiny window. The breakfast is a mixture of traditional English and continental but was not good and not worth the high price (for example, the scrambled eggs were not tasty). Be prepared to wait a long time for the lift to come, as even though there are four lifts, only one appears to be active at any one time and the hotel is huge, there are a large number of rooms and the hotel is always packed. Finally, I had asked for some herbal tea, since I can´t drink black tea. I left it in my room, on my desk with the other black…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dispointed,"The pictures shown on line and the room we had no resemblances.Break fast was poor  quality, high priced and poor service.Coffee was watery ,toast cold ,eggs rubbery.Room was so small it had only one chair.,Bath room was cleane but carpet in room was????. Our stay was not very happy. We stayed here beause we had paid in advance thru booking site.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Position,"Very nice hotel, rooms not the biggest, but yet again none arena London really, but was very clean and  good value for Money and great choice at Breakfast, perfectly situated close to  Tottenham court road Tube station so easy access to most of London. Would definitely stay here again, even though on a busy road there was not a lot of traffic noise and if you collect Avios points they can be used to stay here so makes it even more of a bargain",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,Excellent location for theatres.  All staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly.  Had early evening meal at the hotel which was very enjoyable.  Room was small but clean with everything we needed.  All in all excellent value for money.   Would certainly return to stay again.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Hotel situated almost on the Junction of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street and right across from Tottenham Court subway. Could  not ask for a more central location. Hotel excellent value for money. stayed in double room which was more than adequate for both of us. Clean and comfortable. We had breakfast included which was also great value, buffet style and you could have as much or as little as you liked. A little noisy due to location but not enough to keep us awake. Would not hesitate recommending and we will use again in the future.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Hotel locates centrally, but at the same time it causes noisy rooms. Rooms are small and do not have AC. You have to open your window... then probably you cannot sleep because of the noise. I was so tired, it did not effect me...",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location - OK Hotel,Yes well I can only repeat the other comments on this. Excellent Hotel location - hotel itself ok. For the price though it was acceptable especially for a short stay. Would consider using again but perhaps seek a larger quiter room.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nightmare,I visited the hotel in December 2016 and was initially pleased after booking a family room on line.  When I arrived at the hotel I was told that I had to pay for the room as it had not been paid.  I tried to explain that it was paid online but after 20 mins of discussion paid an additional £252 for my family room.  When I got home the hotel had indeed taken 2 lots of payment from my card.  After many discussions and email I eventually had the money credited back to me.  On 3rd May 2017 (5 months later) the hotel took another £252 off my card with no prior notice.  After 2 months of battling with the hotel they now refuse to answer any of my emails and have not refunded the money.  What should of been a lovely family break in London has ended up a nightmare.,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Super location, does what it says on the tin!","I read quite a few reviews that made me nervous about this hotel but I booked anyway as I know to take reviews with a pinch of salt. Overall, I was very pleased as I thought this hotel offered excellent value.  Location is fab - 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court tube, 20min walk from Covent Garden etc.  The rooms, we were a two room party. I was on the 12th floor in a bright room with a shower only en-suite. I had a view of Big Ben in the distance. Our other room was on the other side of the hotel, 4th floor and a tad darker but also quieter and had a much bigger bathroom with a bath. The windows are triple glazed so we had no problems with noise. The rooms are on the smaller side but this is central London and averaging £100 per room per night, what do you expect for that…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly spacious and comfortable,"Having stayed at numerous hotels in London I've usually been disappointed with the size of the rooms and/or service, but i got a decent sized double room for myself with a well appointed shower room.  The cubicle was a tad snug but fine once I got in and closed the doors.  I was able to leave the restricted window open without fear of anyone looking in on me, and the room was surprisingly quiet with a very comfortable bed.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,5 Stars if you get the Right Room!,"I have been staying at the St Giles for years now. The rooms are all a little bit different but if you can stretch to an executive rooms it's definitely worth it, especially in the Summer as they are the only ones that have air conditioning. The staff are friendly and the concierge staff are very friendly and are happy to look after your bags for the day.  The access to the gym is a feature that they don't make enough of, it's an amazing facility and not an expensive addition.  The VQ Cafe is also great, unfortunately they don't offer the breakfast here anymore.  All in all I've been staying here for 10 years and i'd happy stay for another 10!",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"Seeing the matinee showing of Phantom of the opera near by so decided to stay over. The room was compact but for the price adequate. It was clean and the staff helpful, we ate in one of the restaurants which was nice and also visited the attached casino while we were there. It was a nice trip",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Average Stay","The best part is how close you are to Soho, Covent Garden area. The rooms near the elevators are very loud, since the elevator makes a rather long, loud noise. However, we were offered to switch rooms as soon as we let the hotel staff know. The concierge tried to sell us a bus trip, so we didn't use them, but the people at the front desk were wonderful. They are pretty average sized for a UK hotel room, I've found. It was clean, and fit our needs since we spent the majority of the time in the city. It was nice to open the windows for a nice cool breeze, as well. There are coffee shops and groceries near by if needed.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Check in Receptionist was nice, but no directions to room - if we were booked for breakfast or if we wanted to.  Room was nice, shame the blinds cover it though - curtains would be nicer - the blinds made the room very bare and bland. Bathroom very dark but a nice size. TV small. Air conditioning would be a very good idea as its too loud to keep the windows open at night. Would stay again for the location, but would prefer air con in the room",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms,Great location. Once your there you can walk almost to any of the main attractions. Busy reception area but very nice staff. The rooms are tired and need  revamping. We stayed in a basic double. The first room a a strong smell of damp. No problem getting changed. Next room was better but small and tired decor. But we weren't in it a lot so didn't really care. The bar was fine with good service and a good selection of drinks. Breakfast very good. 24 hour cafe seriously over priced even for London standards.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but some improvements needed ,"First off location is excellent and within walking distance of most of the major attractions. Hotel was clean and staff friendly, however the lifts need fixing ASAP. There are 12 floors with 4-5 lifts but you end up waiting 5 minutes for one to come after pressing the button multiple times. Ended up using the stairs as did most other people and saw people lugging cases down the stairs from the 6th floor. Also please put spoons in the room for the tea and coffee and not cheap plastic  stirrer's. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room but all necessities present,"I stayed here in late May 2017 whilst attending a training course at LSE.  My single room was small, as expected, but perfectly adequate with a single bed and desk.  The bathroom is teeny, with the sink in the shower. This made for not very much room in the shower at all.  Check-in was quick and easy, the breakfast was standard hotel fare but quite good.  The room was very hot, even with a fan, and the window did open but there was nothing to help it hold its position, so it tended to eventually close.  It is in a very good location, a few minutes from Tottenham Court Road underground.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lack of communication etc,"Picture the scene … you get an invite from HM The Queen to attend a garden party.  I booked the hotel in February and asked at the time for a room big enough for us to get ready in and on a higher floor with a view and asking about an iron/ironing board. No response. I emailed a few days before we arrived with the same request, still no response. If you couldn't fulfil my request, then a one line email would have sufficed. I also acknowledge that I booked a standard double room and not an upgraded one.  Anyway our room 508 was quite small, there were NO drawers, what's that about? I've never stayed in a hotel without drawers, it's not ideal putting underwear in a little box shelf. It was so hot, we couldn't leave the window open because of the road noise so we left the fan on,…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"Visited London in September last year and stayed in St.Giles for 3 nights. If you are on a touristy holiday and  looking for a bed to sleep in come night time, I couldn't recommend this hotel enough !! The location is superb,within walking distance of tube stations and very easy to get to and from. The hotel itself is lovely, the staff are very friendly and attentive, the rooms are clean and well maintained. The hotel is comfy, cheap, convenient and relaxing ! I will definitely be returning on my next trip. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Crowded, hot and uncomfortable","Despite its central location, I'm afraid I would definitely not recommend this hotel. On arrival, the reception area was in chaos  - crowded and understaffed. It look 15 minutes to get to a desk to check in. My single room was tiny, which is fine - it's central London - but it was also uncomfortably hot.   Also, I accidentally left a top in my room; I reported the missing item to the hotel the day of my departure, but it had already vanished.  An unpleasant stay.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideally placed,"Arrived at this lovely hotel early afternoon on  Tuesday 30th may having journeyed down from Hull by train to Kings cross London.  Short walk to hotel from the tube station. We had already booked in online so just mentioned this to the concierge who gave us our key and directed us to our room. Our room was on the 7th floor not huge but had a seperate sitting room, bedroom and bathroom. Very clean and bright ,with tea making facilities, hairdryer, extra pillows and blankets if required. A trifle noisy when you opened the window but that's to be expected in a busy London area. Staff where polite and attentive. Breakfast was nice and food hot with plenty to choose from. The hotel has three restaurants.  We dined in the Hudson and the vq both good food at a reasonable price enhanced…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just Great,"Am an American who's never been to London before. The staff at the front desk were SO nice and helpful. Hotel's in the perfect spot - is walking distance to Parliament, Big Ben, and Westminster Bridge.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable, quiet and friendly","We spent three nights at St Giles and loved every minute of our time there.  Could have easily stayed for much longer.   The room was clean, quiet and well maintained.  The windows opened. The bed was comfortable.  The lift worked well and efficiently every time - and we were on 7th floor. No complaints about the view.  All staff were friendly, but professional ie reception and check in; concierge; domestic and management.  In fact, i cant think of a single negative comment to make.   We really liked it and would stay there again in a heartbeat.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else After Staying Here!,"What a little hidden gem!! This hotel is fantastic. Very reasonably priced for central London, the rooms are great, granted they are a little on the small side however there are options to pay more for bigger rooms and most importantly they are clean and comfy! Location couldn't be better, literally 90 second walk from Tottenham Court Rd tube station, and a 7-10 minute walk will take you to Trafalgar Square! It is SOO convenient and easy to get to/from. We went to see shows every night all across the city and never spent more than 10-15 minutes walking back to the hotel (which Was a lovely walk).   If you are coming to London for a tourist type of holiday and just want a clean room to put your head down, look no further!  *It is not luxurious by any means, however it is cheap,…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"A Perfect location but a very tired hotel room wise, the drinks were very expensive in the bar and the best thing was the Breakfast which was delicious ! A 5 min walk from the West end so great location with a small sainsburys at the end of the road which is ideal for grabbing any bits.  Did not eat in the hotel so cannot advise on that but the late night doorman was very helpful and ensured we got into our taxis safely !",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London getaway,"Can't beat the location of the hotel. It's located near Tottenham Court Road Station and a lot of attractions (Covent Garden, Hyde Park, Trafalgar Square, even Big Ben) are within walking distance (if you don't mind walking a little). I'd asked for, and got, a room at a higher floor. Still quite some street noise but that's to be expected in central London. It was a pretty warm week last week, but my room had a fan, which came in handy (and blocked out a lot of the street noise).  All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and a good size for one person (I had booked a double though), the bed was comfy. Bathroom was on the small side but that didn't bother me.  I stayed for five nights, and overall, I had a very pleasant and comfortable stay. Would stay…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Simple and honest.,"We bought a double room for 6 nights, but at the time of checkin there weren't any available, so the friendly staff gave us a triple room, which made our stay very good.  The room is a bit old, and could use some refurbishment, but it didn't made the stay something bad, because it was a honest and clean room. In a refurbishment, in my opinion the carpet could be removed.  There were 4 or 5 elevators, but since there is a lot of customers all the time, you can get a little cramped sometimes, specially during checkin and checkout times. If you're afraid of elevators, or have some kind of trouble, I recomend the stairs, which are easy to access.  Bathroom was small, but just like any London hotels, so it was ok. The shower was good, and never let us down.  The bed was big, but it…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing stay!,"My enthusiasm for the hotel was dampened at reception on checking in as we found that the Executive room I had booked was unavailable (as the previous occupant had decided to stay for longer) and was only offered a downgrade to a Deluxe room with the difference refunded. Not happy as this was our wedding anniversary. Hotel receptionist was very pleasant but I think an Executive room should have been made available or an upgrade offered.  Overall the hotel is in a very convenient location for the west end theatres, restaurants etc. and drinks and meals are reasonably priced although we didn't eat in the hotel.  Very busy hotel and appears very popular with foreign tourists. Lacks the personal touches in my opinion. Would expect hotels these days to provide Wifi without additional…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel in the centre of London ,A nice hotel in the centre of London just off Tottenham Court Road. I had a double room which was fairly small but it was well equipped and clean and comfortable. I stayed for 1 night for work and it was fine. The staff were friendly and helpful and the room was very clean. There was free wifi and complimentary drinks tray.  Comfy double bed and good shower.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,FUN LONDON WEEKEND,"if you just want a very central hotel connecting you fastly via ""the underground"" to the rest of London and being in walking Distance of Covent Garden and Soho... Than it is just ok. But really just ok... Old Rooms, small rooms, ""kind of warn down"" overall atmosphere.... But check prices of what you get somewhere else... So..., just to sleep St. Gilles might be ok... But not for more....",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A couple of days in lonfon,"Love this hotel, I've always had a great room (always very clean) it's so central to Oxford Street, Regent Street, Covent Garden, British Museum and theatre land. The staff are great, always friendly and very helpful, I wouldn't stay anywhere else",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only if your desperate,"This hotel has spent all of there money on a meaniless reception instead of there rooms. This is to trick people into thinking the quality of the hotel is more than it is. The rooms are old and tired but the bathroom was the worst part, dirty, old tired very small bath towels and the shower tray filled up quickly and I had to cut short my shower to ensure the bathroom did not flood!!! Poor lighting These rooms have probably never been updated since the building of the hotel and are 20 years over due. I know it's London and I know it's not expensive but come on people deserve a certain standard no? I've seen animals treated better than this. The hotel is regularly booked up so they are making money they can re invest.  Only stay here if you can't book elsewhere and could be…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location ,"Just 5 mins from Tottenham Court station exit 3, cross the road and turn right to Bedford avenue. I love the location, so convenient and safe. Next to Primark. I walked to Oxford Street everyday. I requested for early check in and was happy to check in at 10am. Check in was smooth and staff was helpful. It was a bit noisy in the middle of the night as I opened the window but it's of no fault from the hotel. They can't control anything outside the hotel. I will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small& unclean ,"This hotel is near China town & I would say in pretty much central location. But the hotel itself is small, tiny& not clean. No fridge,  the room smell& coffee marker was dirty when we got the room. There is no customer service.  ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Charged twice by St Giles and left with no money!,"Let's talk about the positive first: the hotel is well situated, right next to Oxford street and it's pretty easy to go from one place to another. However, the room is really small and with barely any light, it was really dark but I guess for the price that's something I can live with.  What annoyed me yesterday is that I went to buy my groceries and when I tried to pay with my card...SURPRISE! Card denied! I know it's the end of the month but I also know I have money left. I called my bank and they told me that I have been charged twice by St Giles! Fantastic! So I called them and even though they were saying that I haven't and that I should call my bank first, when I mentioned that I DID call my bank first, all of a sudden they took care of it and sent an email saying they…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Location,Very good option if you want to stay near oxford street with a reasonable price .the hotel is Located in the very heart of London (1 mile from totenham court road station ). You can't beat the location. I would definitely come back if i have the occasion.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel great location,"We stayed here when we visit London to see a show our room was a good size and very clean, breakfast was serve yourself and had lots of choice, the restaurant had a good pre-theatre menu but drinks was a little on the high side,  A really good location for theatre goers and good location for shopping  . the only thing i would say was our room was on the main road so a little noisey when the window was open",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location,Rooms are small but clean beds a little uncomfortable breakfast  you can have at one of the restaurants in the hotel. Staff are very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel for shorts stays as close to to just about all major attractions theater. Would stay there again.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Claustrophobic? Stay away ,"I've travelled A LOT and never been in a room as small and awkward as #1032 at this hotel. Added to that the lift/elevator sounded like it was in what passed for a bathroom - it was literally separated by a thin 'wall'. Staff are nice enough, perhaps other/most other rooms are better than this one, maybe on other days the coffee machines work at breakfast - but I wouldn't come back to this room if the management supplied a free buffet and paid for the room themselves. ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It was so convenient!,"The room is small, but clean.  We got a room with 2 single beds, we stayed for four nights and thought it would be more comoftable then trying to sleep in a full size bed.  It is centrally located for EVeRythING!    Staff was freindly and helpful.  There are a few restaurants in the hotel so that was handy.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location.,"Stayed there for work so booked through work.  Reception busy and staff (3) walked away from their desks even though I was clearly waiting.  Then told ""single room"", when it was a double for single occupancy, pre-paid.  Receptionist then asked whether I would pay cash or credit card!!  Bed & breakfast included, so imagine my surprise at breakfast to be told I wasn't booked in for breakfast.  After a five minute phone call I was waved through.  Room ok, thick dust behind bedside cabinets but small bathroom clean.  No curtains, only venetian blinds inside glass, with slats broken, so early wake up at sunrise.  Double glazing good but even so heard sirens through the night. Hairdryer and mirror in room but no mini fridge.  Safe inside cupboard but I didn't investigate it.  It is…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,just don't stay here,the only thing good about this hotel is the location. the hotel is horrible!!!! look's like really old college dorms. The rooms are tiny and filthy. the hallway... I don;t know how to explain them at all. The first night I slept on a broken mattress!!! we got there at 3am after a long flight so couldn;t call to let them know (no phone in room) until the next morning (they did replace - but what kind of a hotel puts a broken mattress in the first place). there are no curtains just some ridiculous blinds in between the window . very dirty rooms. on the 3rd night I had a drunk guy sitting across the door in the hallway  with only his underwear on and again there was no phone in the room and I couldn't let the reception know!!! I was with my 12 year old daughter and terrified . I…,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Recently stayed here for a theatre break. Room was spotless and most of the staff are very friendly and helpful. Reception were lovely,and a special mention for Chris the concierge who was extremely helpful to us. He is a shining example of customer service. We had breakfast included,but unfortunately we didn't bother with it on the second day, due to the chaos of the room and the quality ( seriously lacking ) of the items on offer. We preferred the VQ cafe next to the hotel which had a great menu at good prices. Would definately stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Jane,"Stayed for one night, we found that the hotel staff weren't very helpful.  The breakfast was ok, the rooms were clean but small, the corridors were very confining.  There are four lifts that are very small serving hundreds of rooms and the queues were ridiculous.  We did use the stairs but they were very steep and not very wide. It's central location was it's saving grace!!!!! ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK,"You get what you pay for ! Cheap accommodation by London standards. Very small room, buffet breakfast under hot lamps - it was fine. With hundreds of bedrooms, the breakfast room was mega busy and difficult to find somewhere to sit. No complaints - a cheap place to put your head down, and not far from theatreland and the West End.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay here again,"Entrance to hotel was difficult to find to begin with as the hotel is incorrectly listed on Google Maps as the next street over. Once I arrived check-in was ridiculous, I was greeted by massive amounts of refurbishment going on, with workmen everywhere and no idea where I had to go, it turns out that check-in is nestled in the restaurant while the works are being done. Room was really disappointing. Single bed with the thinnest, most uncomfortable mattress ever. The walls were also paper thin so you could hear everything going on in the rooms around you. Bathroom was an absolute joke, the tiniest one I've ever been in but the cherry on the cake was having the sink INSIDE the shower. So to brush my teeth in the morning I had to get inside the shower with drips of water coming…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,First visit ok second visit not ok,"Clever reservation system. We asked to book a room again after our first stay of 2 nights. The room rate was double but we were told we could book on line. However when we tried that there were no rooms available! But yes, reservations could let us have a room... at that double room rate. So when we returned we were shown to our double room which was approx 3m by 4m. Could hardly walk around the double bed.  The concierge, Brennan, was so good and helpful. The only good memory of this visit to St Giles Hotel",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money ,"Came here for a few days away with my mother. It was a special occasion as we were going to watch The Cursed Child. We decided to go for the executive suite and obviously we paid more. When we arrived the reception was full of workmen. We were aware of this but finding where to check in was a nightmare, eventually we got shown to the reception where we were checked in by a lovely lady however, the workmen were behind me 'I need to go there and she's in the way' I'm in the way?! Unbelievable! I turned around and told him to wait, it wasn't my fault we'd been shown to this desk. Anyway. We got our key and found our room on the 7th floor. The room was extremely poor. There were stains on the duvet covers and on the description of the room it said 'complimentary water' I expected it…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very pleased with this Hotel and much recommended,"My sister and I stayed here whilst on a visit to Windsor Castle and Kensington Palace. We were not truthfully expecting it to be as good as it was so we were pleasantly surprised. Free WIFI in your room allowed us both to keep husbands up to speed with our trip so far. We eat our Breakfast and Evening meal at the hotel and enjoyed both meals very much indeed. The beds were very comfortable and we both slept well, not something that happens all the time these days unfortunately. Rooms were slightly on the small side but in London you really expect that to be the case. Overall I can only say that I would recommend this Hotel to my family and that says it all!",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, terrible room","Travelled with relatives. Both couples had booked standard doubles with breakfasts.  Other couple had reasonable standard room.  Ours was minuscule. No room to move and minimal storage for our clothing and luggage for a 6 day stay.  There was one small window that barely opened, a vent near the ceiling that was full of dust and a small, ineffective desk fan. The room was unbearably hot and stuffy. The breakfasts were reasonable. It is in an excellent location however, with Tottenham Court underground just a short distance away.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Visit for a show,"Huge building with box sized rooms but we were there to sleep not spend the whole day in the room. Well maintained room, friendly staff, wide selection of food at meal times and overall a good visit. Would gladly stay there again ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well located and nice decor but single rooms are tiny and breakfast has to be fought for!,"Lovely single room but very small, couldn't even open the window as it bumped into the wardrobe. Noisy because it's centrally located. Breakfast is like going to war. Far too many people and lengthy queues.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central location,"Basic accommodation but ideal for being at the centre of attractions. Many within easy walking distance. Staff friendly, efficient check in / out. Good value for money based on location. Breakfast standard fare in the attached restaurant.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Friends trip to london,"Very basic room for what we paid. Very small space for my husband who is 6'8 ! No view at all just a wall of another building. Great location. Would defiantly use again if a larger room with view. Breakfast standard, greasy with no taste crammed eating rooms. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,take at face value and remember where you are for how much,"Having read the reviews and used to staying in a 4* i was dubious.....but there are many pluses and i was very happy. If you approach from Bedford Square it seems lovely , if you approach fom tottenham court rd tube station it seems convenient and if you wander around to theatres restaurants and shops the location is fab. I was there for business i wanted  comfy bed, bath and easy food....got all three. Staff at checkin on both occasions (twice in a week) saw i got room with bath and were quick and courteous.. no fridge or room service means no fussing with having to give a credit card. There are two restaurants on site, takeaways 50m away and sainsburys . The morning breakfast is good and yes canteen style but plenty of room and food if you are early and opens promptly. If like…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,comfortable 3 day stay,"After reading several reviews we plumped for an executive double room. We were not disappointed with the room which was indeed quite spacious with four chairs that were comfortable, a very comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. The only negative was the slippery shower base. Plentiful supplies of toiletries were topped up daily and small bottles of water were supplied, topped up on second day. Towels were changed daily and if wanted the bed made up. We were on the eighth floor and noise from neighbouring rooms was minimal. Street noise was not too bad even with the window open. Our rate included daily waitress served breakfast and this was well cooked and plentiful with a reasonable choice. We also had a lunch and two dinners in the VQ diner. They too were well cooked and…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Best location, with a serious lack of quality","If you want to stay at a central location this is it! Everything is so close you can walk. However the quality of the room is very poor. Furniture is old. There's mold on the inside of the windows and the airconditioning is so bad the air is moist and heavy, probably because it only runs when your keycard is in the powersupply. When you go showering, the water is abnormally hot even when you turn it down. It is not possible to open windows for fresh air. Next time I would rather live a little further outside the city center in return for better quality, especially because the price isn't really cheap. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A pleasant surprise in the heart of London,"A friend had recommended the St. Giles. I could tell by the map that it was perfectly located but given the price (100 pounds/night) I was a little apprehensive. I had an early morning arrival and although the posted check-in was 2 pm, I decided to go straight to the hotel. My room was ready!! As I had only 2 days, it turned out to be the perfect choice.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Small rooms,"Very small rooms and beds, ok for single people, check in was ok , TV did not work , reported it at 1pm still not fixed on return at 11pm, staff were helpful and pleasant. Good location and breakfast was reasonable with help yourself.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for walking everywhere ,Perfectly located hotel for walking places in central London. Very busy but didn't have to wait long to Checkin. Rooms small but clean. Only complaint - tiny shower and struggled to get the water to run hot enough. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but clean and good location,"Stayed here about 10 times. Not large rooms.  Central London location with Tottenham Court Road tube 3 minutes away.   Clean and tidy hotel. Popular with overseas visitors, and coach trips. If arrive at check in at the wrong time, you might have a long wait!  ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Great location, and extremely comfortable bed. Price is good for London, especially for it's location. Right near tottenham court road tube station. Rooms aren't particularly special but I don't think that matters for London. Staying her again in September and would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average London Hotel,"Stayed here for business for a few nights. the hotel has a small bar attached which was busy.  breakfast was disappointing, canteen style collect and sit down. not a big selection.   the front desk staff were ok on arrival but there were long waits at times to check out. asked one of the ladies on reception to take my oversized key when I went out and she told me to hang on to it.   When booking you are led to believe the hotel has a pool and gym but this is not actually part of the hotel it belongs to the YMCA in the same building gand you have to pay for it.  I wouldn't stay here again, many better hotels for the same money.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, horrible furniture, very limited space","Plus: friendly staff, room and bathroom was clean.  Cons: tiny room with crappy furniture (see photo) - there's no room for 2 luggages and yet they advertised this room for TWO.  There is only 2 feet space on either side of the bed.  No AC - very loud ventilator if u switch that on. Also, if it gets stuffy you can either open the window (thereby letting noise in) or use the table fan! Even with window shut, traffic and noise from adjacent street are clearly heard all day.  Tiny shower with stationary shower nozzle, no room for racks to place toiletries. They do however provide all-in-one 'detergent' to clean from head to toe. Ventilation in the shower didn't work.  At the lobby there is a ridiculous set of steps to go to the lifts. No ramp at all.  This hotel provides the…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is perfect,Recently stayed at this hotel. The best thing about it is the location. It is near tottenham court road station.  The rooms are small and off fair standard. On our first night we thought saw a mouse in our room!! We couldnt be sure..  Breakfast is busy but its a big hotel so thats to be expected.  Would think twice about staying here again to be honest..,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel with fantastic staff,"This is my 3rd stay here with my mum, we stayed again for 2 nights. Check in was very quick and Caroline who checked us in was very friendly and chatty. Our room was as requested on the side as rooms on the front are noisy at night. The rooms are small but we don't come to London to stay in our room. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfy and the bathroom has plenty of hot water. Only negatives are the fan didn't seem to work so bathroom left very wet and the towels are very small. Craig on the concierge desk was very helpful and friendly and had some good tips for our day out on Saturday. Breakfast was great as always, plenty of choices and staff are all very friendly. If you are looking for a comfortable hotel in a fantastic location then this is the hotel for you. We will…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"Stayed here for three nights. Deceptively spacious room really, barhroom and shower was very good. Check in easy and painless all in all the hotel was absolutely fine, very well located for all of central london activities. View was not brilliant but who comes to london to look out of a hotel window. Enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice from the outside, dated on the inside","Stayed a couple of nights on a business trip. Outside of the hotel looks quite upmarket, however the rooms tell another story. The double room I had on the 4th floor was very dated. The walls are partly wood panelled, with no air conditioning and windows with venetian blinds, that don't close properly. Very reminiscent of the 1980's.  TV in room placed far too high above shelves, so the only way you could watch was on the other side of the room sitting at the headboard of the bed. Breakfast was nothing to write home about, basic bacon, sausage and eggs affair with pre-made cold toast. A nightmare using the lifts to and from reception, so very slow, having to resort to taking the quicker route of 'the stairs' I won't be staying there if I can help it!",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfekt location,"If you love shopping, this hotel is located at the end of Oxford street. The rooms are very small, with just enough space to turn around. The beds are not big enough for two. Apart from this, we enjoyed our stay. If you are interested in a quiet holiday, this is not the right hotel to stay in, there were never a quiet moment. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"We stayed for 2 nights Friday- sat. When we first walked in I was impressed, it looks very cool. As soon as we got up to our floor (3rd) and walked to our corridor the smell hit me, it smells like a chain smokers house. The smell was consistent even in our room. The corridors were very dirty, and old. The floor divider was popping up, which I tripped over but luckily didn't hurt myself. The walls and doors were stained and dirty. There were a lot of stains on the discoloured red carpet. There are pictures on the wall but as you can imagine, they were outdated, dirty and even one of them had a crack right the way through it. We looked though a couple of the corridors, and from what I seen it was the same throughout the hotel. The room was tiny and I was shocked. There is next to…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location to stay.....,"Stopped overnight here a couple of times now and found it very good value for money. It's situated almost right next to Tottenham Court Road tube station. It's a 20 minute march to Euston and St. Pancras / King's Cross. The rooms on the roof terrace give a splendid view on the city skyline although the room was quite small, I'll forgive that for the view. I found the staff courteous and the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable.  One point of note is the downstairs bar has been sold to a separate business and for some reason which was not explained very well, when you order a spirit and mixer they fill the glass with your mixer but it is just too much for the glass leaving half inch of mixer in the bottle. They then keep the bottle and want to charge you another 70p…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"The hotel was in a good location for us but was pricey for the night we wanted to stay. The staff were friendly and welcoming on arrival. Small room but bed was comfy and room was clean with fresh towels availiable. The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment as the shower got blocked up as soon as you turned on the water so had to keep stopping the shower, wait for the water to drain then turn the shower on again. For one night it was okay but I wouldn't recommend anyone staying any longer than one night. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nightmare stay,"Stayed here for work, as convenient location. Firstly check in was awful no one could find our booking or seemed to know what was going on.  We had booked 9 rooms and 2 of them had mice!!! (Don't stay on the 2nd floor, although we were told they even had mice on the 8th floor!) This we were told was common in the hotel and what did we expect as 'it is london!' Majority of us had to get our room keys updated every day!( we were here for 4 nights) due to them being cancelled and making us unable to get into our rooms.  Towels weren't changed daily and we had to chase this up. Basically don't stay here unless you want to share your room with mice! ",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,4th visit but will not go again,This is my 4th visit. Always had a nice experience but now we were not happy. First of all there are mices there!!!!!! First after one night my husband saw a mouse. We let the reception know and see said they would take care of it. The next day´I saw a mouse on the same place but this time the reception did not seemed surprised. Offered us to switch floors (but then there were only one night left). The same night we asked to have check out a little later than 11 but got no. Then we said it was really a small favour for the mices. Reception was really inpolite and said they had not heard about it and we felt they thought we were lying. Not a great feeling and no communication abviously between staff members.  I ordered some packages and the staff there were EXCELLENT. Really nice…,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice hotel, small rooms","We booked this hotel with a show and stay theatre break, since it was one of the cheaper options in a good location.  We were greeted on arrival and directed to reception, and the staff were very helpful. We'd read that the lobby area had recently been renovated, and you could tell.  The location is great for theatre breaks, being a short walk from most West End shows and a very short walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. There are three restaurants on site, one of them open 24 hours, which was handy for a late night snack and drink after the show. We booked with breakfast included, and it was a decent help yourself buffet.  The rooms themselves are very small.  I don't know if that's to be expected for this price in central London, but for someone used to booking chain…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but disturbing problems...,"A very well located hotel in the city, A friendly welcome, A clean, functional and pleasant room, But two major problems that seriously hampered our stay.  First of all, the noise. The room was absolutely not soundproofed (you can notice it with the large space visible between the bottom of the door and the floor...). On both nights we woke up at 7am because of a large group on our floor - which occupied several rooms due to the constant back and forth in the corridor - and the bells of the elevator.   And then, the maid came into our room the second morning at 9:30 am while we were packaging our belongings. She came in as she was knocking at the door, but we did not have time to go and open it. For the privacy, it is not very great...   It is a pity because the hotel really has…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location - rooms a bit on the small side!,"This hotel is an ideal location - only about three minutes walk from Tottenham Court Tube Station. It's also easy to walk to many of the West End theatres. Although the rooms (standard anyway) are a little small, the beds were comfortable and the bedding of good quality albeit the bath towels could have been a little bigger but the shower was excellent. The room also benefited from all the usual amenities - a safe, tea/ coffee making facilities. Very good value in this location and I would definitely return!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"Great location but hope the building work in reception is completed. Breakfast was a bonus although a bit like a school dining room. Bedrooms on the small side and lack curtains, blinds are not sufficient even double glazing does not reduce the noise from the street sleepers",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central address, yes!","Several nights at St. Giles is completed, and yes, it is central and in walking distance to London city attractions and streets. That is the most positive things to say. Because, the more central, the more of a shoebox the room. It that it? Anyway, even though I had a room - clean and tidy every day - at the 6 floor, noisy nights from buses were the brand.  When it comes to service, yes, breakfast is served, but being a large hotel, the group of us must be too well experienced. I myself like the English breakfast, but not everybody does. Bits and pieces of cheese were to be found, but not much.  However, if running around London doesn't give you the training, the hotel holds no less than 3 floors for workout, including a large swimming-pool.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One week Easter stay,"Chose St Giles on recommendation of a colleague and was not disappointed. Booked directly through hotel website  Good points: brilliant location, right behind Oxford Street and 3 minutes walk from a tube station (Tottenham Court Road). plenty of eateries around; placed on 7th floor which limited the street's sound, comfortable bed and clean room, staff friendly and very helpful  Points to comment on: bed too small for a double, no fridge, no closet, too few clothes hangers  Overall - thumbs up! refurbishing works have provided a nice welcoming reception area and the location makes it perfectly suited for your London stay.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good,"Decent location,  not much frills.  Very confusing, maze-like corridors.  Rooms were decently sized.  Bathrooms looked more upgraded than the rooms.  Had issue with power...ended up using the USB in the TV to charge devices!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Twickenham ,Great hotel nice double room restaurant nice! Close to town and train station...  McDonald's near by nice little pub further down the road called moon on the square worth a visit food is fantastic! We use this hotel every year as we go to army v navy rugby game! So any army or navy guys looking for a good hotel this is the one.... ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Strategic location, good breakfast, and the concierge of course!","St Giles is very close to Tottenham Court Road Tube station and several restaurants nearby, making it a perfectly situated hotel in Central London. The concierge is the most special part I found, in which they are very fast-responsive in answering guests questions; not just about the room and the electricity panel (they sell an adapter for £5 each), they are also willing to help you on queries about tours in London, especially whose managed by Golden Tour. The breakfast (valued £9.95/adult) is English one.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good value but average overall","Needed to stay for one night in London and opted for this hotel due to its location and good value.  It was OK with a clean room and good WiFi. As I needed to leave early, I heeded the warning (apparently after 8 am it gets a little chaotic) and went very early for breakfast, which was OK.  My main problem was that being on the first floor I could here traffic below during the night. Best to have a higher floor for less noise.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"An ideal location - beside Tottenham Court Road and near to Covent Garden (10-15m walk)  The room was compact and a little basic. We struggled to sleep as the room was quite warm. Roadside view meant it was a little noisy too. However, if you are looking for an ideal location and only want a clean room and double bed for £90 then this is for you! ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel,"Clean,  6th floor room noisy as very hot and the minute you open your window people and transport noise.   10 days stayed and know it is a cheaper 3 Star but so many things wrong and so many hundreds of people moving in and out of wee spaces,  the best part of this hotel stay is that I am writing a short story of the staff who are trying to manage and be professional while obviously the owner/s has his managers trying to keep the place afloat on the barest of budgets.   9 days of daily requesting concierges, reception, even a manager for a replacement telephone cord as mine was eaten through.    Breakfast room,  I asked where the egg cups were for the hard boiled egg.  I was told we have no egg cups!   Ok then I asked for a teaspoon.   Oh no, we don't have teaspoons.   Make sure…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location very small rooms,Stayed here for 2 nights with my partner and my parents. Both rooms were incredibly small with no space to move around. They were also incredibly warm and as we were on the 7th floor the windows only opened slightly. The bed was very small and uncomfortable more suited to one person rather than 2. The check in process was very quick but then we had a very long wait for the lift. On the plus side the hotel is in a great location.  ,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel,The rooms in this hotel are really small. Smaller than they say they are. Very clean but only given I towel for both of us. No spoons in room with tea & coffee facilities. Ok for one night but too small. Viewed 2 other rooms but all the same. ,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location ,"It is a reasonably priced hotel in a very good location. If you are looking for a bed in central London (and a fairly basic bed at that) it's fine. If you are looking for any kind of hotel experience, it's probably not for you.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice, clean hotel in a perfect London location","What a great location: next to the British museum and the Tottenham Road tube station, and walking distance to the theaters and pubs of Soho.  Also excellent value.  We will come back again and again - a great base to enjoy London from.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and value for money,"We stayed here with family during Easter and can only recommend this Hotel. We had to nice rooms (3 bed & 2 bed) and both rooms had rooms had good space compared to other London hotels. We had our Breakfast at the VQ Cafe which is connected to the Hotel and the food there is really good and the service just perfect. If you stay in the Hotel you get a discount when dining in the VQ restaurant. The Hotel is close to all the attractions and placed in a very quite area. From outside the Hotel does not look too attractive, but inside it is very nice and the staff is very professional. We used the restaurant and bar in the hotel which is very nice and can only be recommend. We will definately come back to this Hotel next time we visit London.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay,"The room was clean and tidy. Bed was comfortable with 2 very thin pillows. Located spares so that was ok. Window doesn't open more than a crack so getting air into the room was tricky. Bathroom was small but functìonable. TV was tiny and freeview, think in today's hotels they could offer more especially when it's over £100 per head for a night. It's not bad but if your looking for somewhere nice on a budget then look elsewhere",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,I stayed here previously in 2013 so decided to stay again when they did a special over Easter. They have updated the reception which was nice. I found the service a little lacking this visit. A couple of the ladies on reception weren't very helpful when I was trying to sort a mobile issue out. There was a gentlemen who was very good. Also I assumed I'd just be able to use the phone but they needed to be told and I still couldn't get an outside line after they said they'd opened up the line. The room was fine and more updated than the previous room I stayed in. It's in a great location... would be good if the gym opened earlier. It was too late for me when I want to be out sight seeing most of the day and then closed too early.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Professionalism taken to the next level ,"We have stayed here for a night with my work friends. It was a company event, though we are all really close and have attended together. The night have got them a little messy we all had a few drinks and when we have arrived back in to the hotel at the reception we still received the same professional attitude and kindness from your staff. A gentleman called Joao especially stood out with his kindness, even towards our not so great behaviour. He handled the situation very well, and kept us feeling very welcome the whole time. It is hard working in a hotel, I know from experience, so this guy for sure deserves a pay rise for his immaculate standards of customer service. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Work conference,"Attended work induction day. Hotel located 5 mins walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Event held in conference centre which is immediately next to hotel front entrance, and down many, many stairs. It was so far underground you could hear the tube trains passing! I'm sure there must be a lift for those with mobility problems. Rooms very comfy, but air con was a bit much at times - way too cold! Toilets clean and decorated well. Staff friendly. Food was sandwich buffet and fresh. Coffee was instant sachets, and tea selection was twining. Overall a an ideal place to hold a business conference or event. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London,"Have stayed here before. Stayed again April 17, on returning to our room, we decided we were getting very cold. When I contacted the reception to say there was a problem with the heating,  I was advised the hotel had turned off their heating systems. They did say they would bring a heater to the room, which eventually arrived. The strange thing about the heating being switched off, is all the public spaces were considerably war,EE than the bedroom.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Hot, noisy and depressing","Hotel has a great location, but the room was so hot, I opened the window and the noise was really bad (other reviews say to ask for a higher floor.... I was on floor 6). The room was very run down and in serious need of some TLC, not even a spoon in the room for the tea/coffee got a little plastic stirrer. I also had no curtain, and was kept awake by a distinct blue glow coming through the window, even with the poor blinds closed. Shower was dirty. Generally very shabby, my room also had some exposed wires.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good impression ,"The staff was able to get an UPS package and hold it until my arrival. The staff was very nice, the room was cleaned on time. For three stars this is definitely the best you can get in London. Also the it has winning placement at the heart of SOHO.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,"Stayed two nights here for a company trip to London. The hotel is clean and tidy, quite ok but nothing special. Breakfast was so-so, wifi worked well. I asked to borrow a power adapter in the reception but they could only offer to sell me one for 5£.  I don't know the price, but if relatively cheap I would be happy to recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Hotel,"Well situated very busy hotel with friendly staff.Room very small but clean, bed comfortable but again very small.Breakfast expensive and poor choice of fresh fruit No specialist tea and limited juices all in seemed to be very poorly organised.As a very experienced hotel traveler found it overall only average and expensive but do accept that central London is very expensive.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Honesty and Integrity,"Recently stayed at St Giles for three nights, this hotel is situated in a great location and for the price we paid was more than satisfactory, our room was clean and spacious, bathroom was modern and the bed was comfy, one small criticism for the want of being picky, the ultra small TV was set far back on the wall and difficult to see without a very powerful telescope. Sadly the breakfast let's the whole hotel down, too many guests running around like headless chickens, not enough tables however the odd table which became available was full of dirty crockery and not cleared, massive queues for everything, cooked food was Luke warm and we were so disappointed on two mornings out of three we ate elsewhere, thus defeating the object and spending a small fortune in the process.…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!,"The location of this hotel is perfect for anyone wishing to explore central London or enjoy a show in any of the nearby theatres. It is within walking distance of a number of popular landmarks such as Trafalgar Square, the Palace of Westminster and the London Eye. We saved a fortune on tube tickets! The staff were all polite and very happy to help. The twin room we shared on the 10th floor was a little on the snug side, but it didn't bother us much as we didn't spend a great deal of time there and the price was very reasonable. The room was cleaned to a very high standard and there were plenty of towels and pillows available.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's a B&B,"We chose A St Giles due to its location ( it was a choice of hotels in a package we had booked).  The hotel is conveniently located for Shaftesbury Avenue, Oxford Street and for us Euston Station (only 20 minute walk).  The hotel itself is simple and basic, we stayed on a B&B basis.  The receptionists on arrival were not overly welcoming and there were a lot of them standing around talking (which made you feel somewhat uncomfortable).  We were given access to our room earlier than the entry time of 2pm which was a blessing as it enabled us to drop our bags off before we went off to see our matinee performance. The room itself was simple but clean.  We booked a twin room for myself and my daughter.  The bathroom was clean although the difficulty arose later when I went to take a…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good facilities, generally reasonable for the price","I've used this hotel a few times over the last couple of years as a ""reserve"" to my regular hotels on business stays in London.  The hotel sits on a quiet street just off Tottenham Court Road and is only a minute or 2 from Tottenham Court Road underground station. The location itself is good for anybody wanting to make a foray into the West End or just wanting to stay centrally in London with good access to the travel network. Pricing tends to be on the reasonable side for the location but is obviously reflected in the more basic nature of the rooms and the overall standard.  The hotel is in the same building as a casino, which to some may be an attraction but which to me, certainly is not. Of more benefit is the fact that for a fee, guests can use the gym / pool facilities of…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,stayed one night,This hotel is central to all sights in London and underground which is great but we booked a double room and when we got there was given a free upgrade which was great but when we entered the room was shocked to see how small it was I would not want to see the smaller rooms. the food in the hotel was really nice but some staff a little sharp in the restaurant. Would stay again for location.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel close to Underground.,"Spent four nights here over Easter weekend 2017. I had a single room, which was tiny. Not complaining because the cost was decent for central London. It's an easy few minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road Underground station. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"Just had two nights at this hotel, fantastic location, within ten minutes walk of most of the West End Theatres, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Westminster, The Mall, Oxford St to name but a few. Hotel very busy but very friendly, from checking in to any questions or directions you may need. We asked for a quiet room when checking in and that is what we got, only reason, central London all you hear is emergency services sirens all night long. Pleased to say we never heard anything, very peaceful room. Spotlessly clean all through, not large but simply adequate for a few nights or more, we would have been quite happy to stay longer there. Bathroom very modern and clean, complete with shower over bath, hair, shower gel, Hairdryer. TV in the room. Bar & restaurants, quite…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location but poor services and facilities,"The hotel is near tube station but we are not happy with the services and facilities. First we booked the hotel as a double room, me and my wife but was given only ONE bath towel. We called the reception once and promised to send to the room but after waiting for an hour and not delivered so we became impatience and I need a shower after a long day outside. So I went to the reception after calling for about 50 times but no one pick up the phone. The reception asked me to check with the concierge. The concierge tried to call the housekeeping but being told that no one available having their supper. I waited for another 2 hours again so I gave up by using my wife's towel. After we went to sleep, the housekeeping boy came with a towel around mid night. This interruption caused me…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Getting better,"The hotel is centrally located and is being refurbished. The lobby is now redecorated in modern style. However the room allocated, albeit comfortable and clean, was one of the old ones and needs updating. Wifi, which previously was against payment, is now free. Breakfast is good although in a school dormitory type of setting. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Slitet,Did not get what I expected. Had booked a doubleroom with a double bed. Got a room that was almost full with the bed that was 140 cm wide.  The room needed a lot of TLC ! I use to stay on budget hotells but I  have never been this disapointed. Othervise OK. ,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel is not bad but has it's flaws ,"+ good location + not too expensive   - the matras is really bad and lived through  - you can see dust in the corners - the smell is humid  - breakfast is average and not everything is fresh - we slept right next to the aircos, that were really noisy ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great stay,"Wonderful friendly welcome, excellent service, even finding a room for 4 of us to decamp, freshen up before the required check in and the second room later in the day. Great area to stay for all events we were under taking for 3 day. Nice varied selection for breakfast. Clean and comfortable rooms.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Holiday,Was ok breakfast good didn't get much info when arrived and didn't sleep one bit as very loud from outside very clean tho and bar prices were good! Walking distance is great right by China town and the underground ,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's the only hotel I book in London !,"I’ve been coming to this hotel since 1987. It’s changed internally over the years and looks tired at times and yet is constantly like the Forth Bridge …always getting a makeover. Try to avoid the rooms that are near the lifts as the occasional “ping “can be heard thru out the night. Don’t know this place, I don’t as it’s the ONLY hotel I book in London . There are plenty of rooms (and yet you should still book) and if you are a shopper or theatre lover it’s RIGHT on the doorstep, speaking of which so is Sainsbury’s Local etc. . . . Rooms can be on the small side at times but it’s only a base for others things to see and do in London. Museums are close by and for those good on your feet it’s a 15-20min stroll from Euston Train Station. The St Giles has it all and I look forward…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Dirty ,A group of us we're on a school trip and when we got to the room it was quite gross. We had got a alarm for the phone to ring and a guy from the front desk ended up in our room to wake us up which was very awkward for two teenagers. Our room was serviced when we had put out a don't not disturb sign. The free wifi was not good so I recommend getting a phone plan. Very close to the underground train. Some of the rooms were nice and updated unfortunately ours was very old. ,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location,"helpful receptionist, booked in fast. room small but adequate for the 2 of us, likewise the bathroom small but again 2 can manage. We  where on 3rd floor, quiet streetwise,and hotel wise. bar downstairs gets busy, but pleasent staff none the less. the breaksfast for the price is excellent, plenty of choice. quite near to Tottenham Court road station, where you can get to anywhere from. will stay again for sure.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine for an overnight stay......,"We stayed here for one night as part of a Coach Trip to Kensington Palace. Although the room was small - as we expected - it was perfectly adequate for an overnight stay. It was clean and tidy. The only ventilation appeared to be the window which could be opened just a few inches for obvious reasons.  The reception staff that we met were all helpful and friendly. The Breakfast was of the self service type with troughs full of beans, sausages, mushrooms, hash browns etc - my sort of breakfast. The healthier fruit, yoghurt, muesli, cooked meats, cheese options were also available so all bases were covered. Best to get down to breakfast first thing - 6.30am - as we were told that it becomes very busy later on.  The shower was of the walk in type which I much prefer to the 'shower…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Trip,"My partner booked this hotel for the two of us for my Birthday. I emailed ahead and got swift replies to my queries from reservations and the concierge. I also phoned ahead and spoke with reservations who were really helpful and friendly. You cannot beat the location of this hotel, it is right beside Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Station. Really easy to get to if you fly from Gatwick, get the train from Gatwick to Vistoria and then the tube to Tottenham Court. We arrived and were checked in super quick. We got up to the room and the chamber maid knocked in to say she wasn't finished the room. I told her to come on in as it was no bother and she just dropped in some soap. The room was a very standard double room, really small, stains on the carpet, no phone in the room,…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Credit where Credit's due!!!,"I had read a few reviews on different sites before leaving for London and was fearing the worst to be honest but they couldnt be further from the truth in my opinion. From the immediate welcome from the concierge to the friendliness of ALL the staff, from reception, restaurant and cleaners it couldnt have been better. The rooms and hotel in general were spotless and the food in the various eateries was perfect. The hotel is about 2 mins walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station - handy to all the major attractions in London. The only ""complaint"" I would have is that the room was a bit small but THIS IS LONDON - rooms meant to be for sleeping in, not playing football in. All in all, a great time, great hotel and I would definitely recommend staying there to anyone.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't do it.,"This is the most dismal hotel I've stayed in aside from a roadside motel in Kentucky. The lobby is dark, the front desk staff not super friendly. The room has no ventilation and the windows are caulked shut so you cannot get any fresh air. The bed linens are low quality, as are the mattresses. One of the legs on my bed was broken so the bed was slanted. The room keys won't hold their programming. The towels are thin. Flight attendants have regular rooms on the ninth floor and the odor of marijuana permeates the floor from their rooms. The only worthwhile thing about this hotel is the full British breakfast and it's proximity to the Feltham train station. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girls trip away,"Great location, small but clean rooms with all that is needed for a comfortable stay. Close to tube station and oxford street for all you shoppers out there. Breakfast choice is great, cooked and continental available, cereals, fruit and coffee machines. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Would recommend and definitely visit again.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel,Don't know what people are complaining about! All the staff are very friendly and polite. Our room was very clean and tidy. Breakfasts are very good. An excellent location for the dominion theatre and sightseeing.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very impressed!,"It's been 4 years since my last visit to this hotel and in that time I had heard some negative tales of the place being dirty and the rooms being too small. As I was staying as part of a group trip I didn't have a choice of where I would be staying so wasn't keen when I found it it was this hotel based on what I had heard. My fears were unfounded! Yes, the standard rooms are small but well equipped, very clean and fit for 3* purpose - after all it's central location means you want to be out of your room seeing things surely not in it? I'm pleased to say the lighting in the rooms has improved too but not sure if any other rooms offer a 'city view' - ours did but with the angle of the window it was very limited. Yes, it's a bit noisy at times but you are in a central city…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Room infected with tiny bugs,"We stayed at this hotel for a theatre break. The room was infested with tiny bugs only visible when anything white was placed on any surface or the BED !!. They were everywhere, you only had to place an item on the bed and within five seconds it would have these things crawling over it. On asking the management to investigate our complaint we were told they could find nothing. Talk about being in denial.Needless to say after one email saying nothing could be found and the guy on reception practically calling me a liar we have had no response. Seems they have just washed their hands of it, just a shame they didn't do the same with the room..",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and value for money,"St Giles is ideally located in the centre of London with all tourist attractions within walking distance.  The rooms are small but clean and comfortable, the bathrooms appear to have recently been refurbished.  Breakfast is buffet style fare with lots of choice and the various food/drink stations were constantly topped up.  All staff we met were friendly, helpful, polite and professional.  Would recommend this hotel for it's location and excellent value for money - we shall return when next visiting London.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideally Located,"This hotel is ideally situated for easy access to anywhere in London. Tottenham Court Road tube station is a 2 minute walk away so then is Oxford Street. The hotel itself is very adequate given the cost. Depends on what you want if you want room, peace and quiet and all the mod cons then this way not be the hotel for you. If you want somewhere to use as a base that has all the ameneties and get your head down with the possibility of something reasonable to eat 24 hours a day then this may be for you. Yes it can be noisy purely because of where it is situated also the rooms can be very warm and dark this again due to location and the fact that they are quite small.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a great position,Staff are friendly and reception is welcoming. The hotel is ideally situated for sight seeing with Oxford st and the tube station literally 1min walk away. Rooms are small but have everything you need for a short break and the beds are comfortable if a little on the soft side. Breakfast is buffet style and is generally ok but nothing to write home about with the sausages being particularly cheap tasting. All in all this a good base for a short London break and decent value for money.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central hotel but very noisy,Recent visit to hotel results in a very noisy stay. Also very lengthy lines at lifts and breakfast and checkout. Told that more than 800 guests can be accommodated per night. Avoid at peak holiday times.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Quick stopover,"St Giles is right in the middle of everything,a quick 2  min walk from the front and you are slap bang in the middle of Oxford St. The room we had was a luxury one where you also had a little sitting room as well as a decent size bathroom and good size bedroom. The reception was spacious and had a mezzanine overlooking the reception area where if you need to do work that seemed to be the ideal place to get the best WiFi reception. The reception/concierge staff were very helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them. We stayed there as we went as a family to a show in the west end a nd it was a 10 min walk from the hotel. So if you are looking for a good priced hotel close to everything in London I would definitely recommend St.Giles and would not hesitate to stay again.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I use this hotel at least twice a year for weekend visits to London.  Centrally placed for shops, theatres and tourist attractions.  Staff always friendly.  Rooms small and clean  but adequate as we only sleep in them.  Breakfast is usual full English/continental buffet. Tables cleared and wiped down as soon as vacated.  Bar and restaurant at Hudsons are run efficiently by Michael and his staff.  Always a good atmosphere which is enhanced by a varied selection of music. Once again thank you for looking after us and I hope we'll see you soon",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasure,I have to say there are only two Hotels I stay in now. This one and Legends Brighton. The st Giles hotel never lets me down and now after a fabulous meal in the 24 hour cafe I'm so proud to giving five star. The onion soup was amazing and the Lamb burger the best I've ever tasted . Seriously! Please thank theChef on at 7pm today. This is truly a recommended hotel and Restuarant . Thank you ! ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location,not bad hotel","Went for the shaftbury theatre,location couldn't really be better. Room small but fine really,shower great . We were on the 6th floor and was fine (though in the height of summer i would guess the room would get pretty hot) Breakfast was self service conti or full english which was a good dtart for the day. The location is supurb,just off oxford st near Tottenham court underground station. I would book here again if going to the west end. Happy hols to all",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre visit one night,"I'd booked this hotel a few weeks previous to staying here. Il be honest I was a bit apprehensive about what to expect as I had read a few bad reviews of the place. But il give this hotel its dues. It's bang in the middle of all the amenities, right near oxford street, the tube station is a stones throw away. You have soho and liecester square right on the doorstep. The lobby has just been renovated and looks dead smart. Our room was on the first floor and it was clean, tidy and comfy. And not as small as I was expecting. Staff were helpful. And there's a room you can iron your clothes on the 6th floor. Hotel is sound 👍🏻 I'd definatly use it again. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location! ,"Set just off the Oxford street, this hotel is in perfect location. This is not our first stay, the rooms are compact and very warm (but are air conditioned) and have recently refurbished, we were lucky enough to have a room with an excellent view over the city. Breakfast is disappointing, the room is like a canteen and the food leaves someone to be desired but don't let this put you off the has a gym and swimming pool and the staff are happy to help.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bail hostel chic ,"The hotel lobby does not match the rooms which were truly awful. Boiling hot with no a/c or fan, the tiny tv was hermetically sealed to the wall in a wooden casing as was the radiator, the small towels were hard and unpleasant to use. The bathroom was very small and the shower was too narrow so not possible to bend over to wash my feet without bashing my head on the shower control. Good water pressure though. The bed itself was small but comfortable although the duvet covers were made from some strange synthetic material that was shiny and unpleasant to touch. As there was a top sheet between the duvet cover and the bed it made me wonder if the covers are changed between room bookings as mine smelt faintly of aftershave. The room and bathroom were clean but desperately in need…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location in need of a refurb,"This hotel needs a total re-furb, it's now showing its age! Staff helpful at reception and sorted out problem with shower, restaurant not able to cope with the amount of guests! Queue for breakfast was right down the stairs into reception",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small, hot and noisy","At this rate I expect a bit more. Rooms are very small, and the noise form the street (Tottenham rd) is very loud. Staying here is almost like being on a live jazz-concert. I have never seen a smaler TV in a hotel room before. The staff is very helpfull.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Hotel was clean and staff friendly Rooms in good order and modern The problem was the breakfast queue out the door and down the stairs not good if you have a deadline to meet. We went down for 8:00 in the morning so avoid this time,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,"Main entrance looks really smart but the rest of the hotel needs a refurb as it is very dated. Iron's aren't supplied but they do have a ironing room on  2 and 6 floor.  Location - 5/5 amazing location really close to Soho Sq, Westminster is around 20 minute walk. Room - 3/5 - had a double bed but rooms are really small, deco needs a refurb as the rooms look dated. Bathroom - 2/5 - very small bathroom, design isn't great  Staff - 3/5 - friendly staff on reception Food - n/a - did not eat at the hotel on this visit Gym - 3/5 Independent YMCA Gym is attached to the hotel, there is a £5 cost to use the gym which is not mentioned on the hotels website Pool - 3/5 - good size pool WiFi - 1/5   very slow internet access, better to use your data on your phones.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Filthy, Uncomfortable, Overpriced","I stayed in this hotel as my travel agent made a mistake in my previous booking and this was the only hotel available in the area near my corporate office and which met the budget.   I have never stayed in a hotel which cost over 100 Euros and did not have basic airconditioning or heat and small cheap fans were offered as an alternative.   It was April but very hot in the room.  The windows do not open all the way (only slightly) and then 3-4 mosquitos quickly forced me to shut the window,   The carpet was dirty and looks to be 20 years old.  The sheer amount of dust and dirt around the corners was very uncomfortable.   I would not recommend this hotel for anyone based on the price.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Old, hot & noisy. Good location","The rooms are quite small and really hot. I guess that's why they don't have duvets, only sheets for the beds. If you open the window, there is too much noise outside. No fridge in the room.  The elevator is extremely slow and the capacity is not in line with the size of the hotel. We ended up taking the stairs down multiple times.  The location is great, walking distance to both soho and oxford st. Tube station is close.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cramped and noisy,"Good value for what we paid but the room was too hot, (I never thought I would need air conditioning in the uk). We had to have the window open due too heat. Very very compact even too the point of light switches on door frames and a shower door that wouldn't open fully due to shower head. Very clean and fairly modern. Great friendly staff",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Staff,"I went to London on a school trip over spring break and absolutely loved it! Everyone at this hotel was very friendly and the front desk staff was great the whole time we stayed there. My room was very clean, but it was a little small for two people. The location was amazing, and we all enjoyed walking down Oxford Street and going to restaurants and bars in Soho. My only complaint is that they are doing major renovations to the lobby and it was hard to get luggage up the stairs. However, the free wifi made up for this! Awesome stay, I'll be back soon!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Get an executive room or higher if you can ,"We stayed here in the summer in an executive room but when we re-booked we decided to go for standard due to the small length of time we would be in it. I knew room would be small but that didn't matter. I wasn't prepared for the grubbiness though. The telephone in there circa 1983 looked like it hadn't been cleaned since. Not a massive deal but it did make you wonder what else had been skipped. The room brochures you didn't want to touch and you couldn't shut the bathroom door as the handle came off. We had a good laugh and paid £25 to upgrade to an executive room.  Such a difference, large, light, airy and clean! It also then gave you 20% off in the attached diner VQ at breakfast. That is really worth visiting but be aware of the £10 service they add to your bill. I didn't…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Education in London ,"Top location in London, near Oxford Street, everything is in 2 Sq mile. It is positioned near British Museum. Nice stuff and food. Clean room and maintains is above average. I had nice time in London and St Giles Hotel. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All about location. ,"Stayed 2 nights in an executive suite. £305 for 2 adults but breakfast not included. The room was good with an amazing view. The bed was positioned so close to the window that I only had 15cm between the two. Really difficult. The facilities were as you would expect; Tea, coffee, toiletries etc.   As breakfast was not included we opted to pay £9.95 each. What a let down. The bacon was over cooked and the sausages were the cheapest they could provide, one of the tomatoes had mould on it. Limited choice for cereals and the croissants a bit flat and a big queue for drinks. I've paid less in London for so much more. Unless it's included avoid it.   There is an ice machine on the first floor. Why? To get to it you have to take the lift to floor one, get your ice then take the lift…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mr.,"Worst hotel I have visited !!!  May be location is good, but service, rooms, breakfest, everithing is terrible. There is no reason to stay in this hotel: this is really dirty, noisy, stinky... When I choose this hotel I did not expected something like this.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Halls of residence style hotel, busy but more than adequate.","I spent one night here, arranged by work. Having recently visited different halls of residence with my son, this accommodation had exactly the same vibe.12 stories high,  I had a twin room, there was a large built in unit with a safe, mirror and dressing table/ desk area. There was a TV and smallish window with built in blinds. I asked for a bath, but was told that I wasn't allocated one on the rate that was paid for my room. Reception did have a look but said that there were none available.Breakfast was included, £9.95 to buy and was as good as the three star hotel we had just stayed in in Paris. Area was quiet at night, bed was surprisingly comfortable, and it is 2 minutes from Tottenham court tube station. 10 mins walk or less to major theatres. If you want a quality hotel,…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Small Double Room,I stayed here on the 30th March for 1 night. I booked due to location for The theatre and shopping in Oxford Street. The good part was the location is great for both as they are both within 5mins walking distance. Unfortunately the downside was I booked a room through their website direct - special package. I was charged more than quoted :-( . The room was split into two rooms. 1. Which I am guessing was supposed to be a double bed but I would say was only a large single ( 4ft wide ) 2. The other part of the room had a pull out single bed.  Obviously I was very disappointed as not what I booked or expected.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great price for the location,"The room was very small and quite hot (no aircon) considering it was March.The bathroom was small, but clean.The breakfast was fine,the only issue was the very slow check in speed.Overall the hotel was ideal for a short break and at less than £100 a night b&b in a clean  and safe hotal in such a central location you can't go wrong.I would certainly use it again.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All about the location,"Conveniently located round the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station and less than 2 miles from kings cross the hotel is perfect location for a trip to the city.  Reasonably priced and recently refurbished, this is the 4th year in a row we have stayed there.  Yes it looks dated on the exterior but it is clean and functional  Only minor issue this visit was the patch of mould/damp in the bathroom (rather off putting) But on a whole I would advise u to give it a try !! ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A GOOD P,ACE TO STAY","Stayed here overnight this week on a visit with Nottinghamshire W.I. As we were going to their Crafting Extravaganza at Alexandra Palace. Our rooms (13) were ready on arrival and ours was on the twelfth floor, which meant getting out on Floor 11 crossing the corridor and getting into another lift or walk up either one or two floors.  I personally thought this was unacceptable as a lot of our members have walking difficulties and could have done with being on a lower floor and let the young people staying in the hotel have our rooms. Although our room was acceptable, I would not have wanted to have stayed more than one night, there was just a leg width between the two beds, and my bed was right up against the wall, not conjusive to my sleeping habit! We didn't eat dinner in the…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Good.,Visited here for three nights with my partner to see some West End Shows.  The hotel itself is very easy to find and is situated in the perfect location.  Right at the end of Oxford Street and just around the corner from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station.  Check in was quick and easy.  We did request a room on a high floor for the view which was granted.  We did have a view of Big Ben and The London Eye but windows are very small and only open a tiny amount.  The room was very clean as was the bathroom but plenty of hot water in the shower.  My only negative comment would be how small the room was.  Absolutely tiny but we were not there to spend a lot of time in the room.  It was adequate enough for what we needed.  Also the bed is not a full size double bed but a 3/4 size bed…,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Holiday,"The hotel was under construction. The staff is the best part they are very helppful, smiling with a positive attitude. But, the sng room was I asked for and it was really small.  Though the location is great very close to all attractions. And just in between Soho and Covent Garden, close to all the teatres etc.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,Bathroom handle fell off . Told reception. They didn't care less. Hairdryer sparked and went on fire. Reception couldn't care less. Took 15 mins to free my girlfriend from bathroom. Very rude night manager told me he'd give us a free breakfast. I fail that'd be great if you could find my girlfriend in bathroom. Very rude and clueless. Would not recommend . Still in hotel I'd management would like to rescue my girlfriend or give me a Hairdryer that doesn't threaten to electrocute me. ,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Small Rooms,"This was my first trip to London , so I am not sure if all the hotels are like this one , but the Hotels Room was tiny it was even smaller then a Cruise Ships ( which I had just been on ). There was little more then space for the Bed.  If I get a chance to go back to London I would not stay here , will have to see if other hotels have bigger and better rooms.  One good thing is it is very close to the British Museum.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It was ok for the one night,"Didn't know really what to expect but we booked an executive room but I think these are just names as it wasn't that ""executive "" in what I thought it might be like!! The room was fairly small but I suppose suited our needs. We were short of towels so had to go and get some more then finding the shower towels were not that large. Other than that the room was adequate as we were not in there that long. The breakfast the following day was ok, self service and you sit where you find a place. I found the food to being very basic as the hotel deals with large numbers of people and the sausages were not that nice. There were no fired eggs or not that I saw only scrambled eggs. No mushrooms and the toast they put out was quickly done and most were underdone. I think because they do…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Crap & very crap!,"Good location / okish rooms Whilst there , building work goin on , not a problem but during my stay , there wasnt any water on! Arrived 11:30am by the time it came on was 16:30 , too late for me as was goin to a function. Couldnt shower etc! I had to go to sainsburys to buy bottle water to use!  I had travelled 275 miles & not be able to shower Have u ever heard anything like it! Apparently there was a back up plan by the hotel ? But no solution was offered  at hotel.  Very poor service! To charge full price is audacity & a rip off! When complaining the ""duty manager"" offered a discount on a future rate , who's gonna accept that service? Not good & crap service, i wont be back , not happy",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent enough ,"Stayed here mid March beginning of the week. Not a bad hotel, clean and great location. All very standard wth no frills - exactly what was expected. Very busy and chaotic at reception so clearly a popular hotel. Corridors are very narrow and go on forever so can easily get lost!  Paid for breakfast in the restaurant one morning which was pretty decent though can eat at nearby places for better prices!  Ok but wouldn't like to stay for more than 2 nights. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Retirement home meets backpackers!!!,"It's a sweet mess !!   The chaos , the rooms , the guest profile , the breakfast room service !!   The volume of people staying at this hotel makes it feel less than a hotel but like a backpackers or trailer park.   And it is for this reason that for them it seems that they service is built to serve the quantity with the unfortunate  consequence of compromised quality !   The rooms are tiny ! Even for London and TV remote in my room had many dysfunctions   The breakfast room reminds me of boarding school and the scramble for first in line to dish up your tray , sad !  Overall , disappointed ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We loved it here ,"Great location! When we arrived there was renovations being done in the lobby. I couldn't imagine working reception around that all day but they handled it wonderfully. I used the YMCA a few times which was nice. £5 per use, just get a token from the machine by concierge. There is a 24 hour diner attached to the hotel, and they have their own restaurant. We didn't eat at either because we ate out so much. Our room was cleaned daily. The staff were kind and helpful. We had to organize early transport to our half marathon one weekend and the desk arranged it for us. There is a loft waiting/lounge area that we would eat and play cards in. There is a local grocery store across the street, a bento/sushi to go place and a drugstore. We walked everywhere from here: kings cross,…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay somewhere else,"It is true that the location for a vacationing couple appears perfect.  However do not let the glitzy entrance fool you. The front desk people are abrupt to the point of rude. The rooms are small, uneven, bathrooms tiny and window opened to a wall. Except for the lobby, nothing has a/c. Breakfast reminded me of my college dorm days : hectic, grubby with a pervasive steamy greasiness.  You will find that the only folks who are helpful are the doormen. They will find you a cab if you require. The concierge tries  but apparently does not know how to give directions to anything except the Museum and the tube. Anything else is beyond him.  Those places are but a couple of short blocks away.    Find someplace else. ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Left feeling really disappointed after being a guest here previously and having a fantastic service I decided to bring my Daughter and Mum for their special birthday treat. We were given the smallest room possible but we were delayed getting in so didn't make a fuss, however my mum who has just recovered from an operation struggled in the ""double bed"" this was actually a queen bed just slightly larger than a single bed. This bed was supposed to be suitable for two adults and believe me it wasn't neither of us are that tall or big either, my daughter had a pull down bed the room was claustrophobic and the bathroom was so tiny you had to leave the door open for air!  There was a stain on the duvet and an unused tampon under our bed which showed that there was no attention to…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,DIRTY ROOM,"We are  late putting on the review as we had several issues with ST GILES HOTEL. It has took over a month to receive a refund (which they said would take 3-5 days). I would recommend the hotel for location, but that is all Worst room I have ever stayed in.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Chaotic,"Stayed here with my work team for one night, good location but room basic and musty. So busy with work going on in the foyer that made talking impossible. Breakfast self serve and like a youth hostel. Very noisy preventing a good night sleep. Even chaos trying to catch a lift. Pay peanuts get peanuts might be the best saying.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel I have stayed at for years,"In an average year I stay in hotels for over 100 nights. This hotel is without any shadow of a doubt the worst I have stayed in for years.  What are my complaints:  1. Check In took ten minutes because it is so busy. So busy it reminded me of a Vegas hotel reception. 2 .Room was small even by London standards, so small the sink is in the shower!!! 3. It was noisy. There are no carpets by the elevators, so this adds to the already noisy levels. 4. I slept with ear plugs in and was still woken at 4am by people returning from a night out. 4. Breakfast, so busy you end up sharing tables with others. Even though I had pre-paid for breakfast I ate elsewhere on my last morning. 5. I was on business so needed somewhere to work. The ""Shelf"" provided for this was tiny. 6. No way to…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,bizzarely changed reception checking in area....when rooms need revamping?!,"Stayed here about half dozen times, all rooms I have stayed in are 3*standard, quite grotty but clean comfortable beds! Get what you pay for, its cheap but in a good location, ! My room this time was incredibly noisy, woken up every time someone came up in the lift and we were half way down corridoor!, very nice large bar area!",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location everything - Quality Standard,"I have just come back from a 2 night break in London and chose the St Giles as our hotel.   Before I write my review please be aware there are major renovations being taken place currently in the lobby are that due to be completed soon.  I had briefly before hand read that there was renovations happening in the hotel but I was unaware of how extreme these renovations where. If health and safety were present I am pretty sure they would shut the hotel down to ensure that the work can be carried out safely.  Apart from the the location of the hotel is absolutely fantastic! With London you need to be in a central location that is close to all attractions and a subway to ensure that you can get around the city quickly and efficiently. The hotel is located around many bars, shops and…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs a revamp ,Reception looked nice (think they've done it up). Otherwise the hotel is tired. The corridors look scruffy. In general the hotel is old fashioned. Rooms were small & the blinds on the window didn't work. Also noise from inside & out. Location is good near tube. Wouldn't stay again. ,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Huge,convenient, noisy but central to theatres and shops.",Overall good value for money.  A very good evening meal indeed and breakfast was the usual  adequate self-service of a large hotel.  Staff all ultra helpful and polite. Shower in our room good with water hotter than normal for a hotel.  Would stay again. Get down as early as possible for breakfast as it becomes frantic and noisy but there is adequate seating ..,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location!","I stayed here with my with my boyfriend for four nights at the start of March. We stayed here to explore all the tourist sights of London.   We flew in to Stansted airport and used the bus service to get to Liverpool street station. This cost 15 pounds return each and took about an hour and a half. There is a train service too which is probably a lot quicker but was also double the price. From Liverpool street station we got the underground train to Tottenham court station, the hotel is literally a 2 minute walk from this station. So getting there was very easy.   I had requested a quiet room on a high floor, away from elevators with a view over the city and that is exactly what I got. Our room was compact but had all the amenities we needed.   The location of the hotel just…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK hotel in a great location,"This hotel is just off Oxford Street and very near the London theater district and the British Museum. It is best for those who are looking for a hotel in central London that is not too expensive. The rooms are very small and have only the most basic features. The bathroom was very small. Food is available but the quality was minimal and the presentation was poor. The food service reminds me of a collage dorm cafeteria. Expect to find lots of people arriving and departing at all hours of the day and night. This hotel is a good fit for those who will not spend much time in the hotel.  In March 2017 this hotel was being remodeled. Work was being done in the lobby and reception area. According to staff, other parts of the hotel will also be remodeled.  I would, and have, stay again…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pay basic get basic but would use again,"Stayed in St Giles hotel for 1 night for a theatre visit.   2 guests in a twin room which was adequately sized with a bathroom. Room came with hair dryer, safe and TV. We stayed on the 12th floor which is accessible by stairs from the 11th floor lift. We wanted a quiet room away from London roads as we are light sleepers. Unfortunately we seemed to be near the lift mechanism/hotel boiler as there was a repeated but intermittent mechanical noise through the night. We stayed in room 1234.  The rooms are dated but clean.   Hotel coffee and tea facilities.   The shower only has a body wash which is also a shampoo (?) which may be fine for the vast majority of people but my hair requires conditioner which I felt wouldn’t be too much to ask/too expensive to implement. The lobby was…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too noisy ,"The thin single glazed windows allow all the street traffic and ample emergency vehicle sirens to wake you, and the thin room doors allow for all other guests and hotel workers allow you to hear all conversations. Despite this, the cleaning staff thought it was appropriate to stand outside our door in a morning to congregate and chat. The hotel it's self is well located and pleasant in all other respects. ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,all good go here!!,great location excellent breakfast rooms are okay  out and about most of  the time love it going back this year and have already booked looking forward to seeing you all again staff very nice great restaurant next door and nice bar for a night cap,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,Hotel is situated in a good position for the theatres and shopping. Lots of building work going on while we were there  (we were contacted before and decided to carry on with our trip) Hotel staff very good. Breakfast is a buffet style and was lovely. We ate in the hotel before going to the theatre with their theatre menu which was also lovely.  The only downside was we were woken up by the cleaner trying to enter our room at 8.15. I reported to reception and they couldn't apologise enough and quickly contacted housekeeping but it was too late to stop us being awake.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City Break ,"Stayed here from the 13th to the 16th of February..on arrival the hotel looked a little rough as it was undergoing renovations..The hotel staff didn't let it faze them one bit.they took it in their stride and simply apologised and did their best,booking in went smoothly and we were on on 7th floor so we it was very peaceful..the room itself was a deluxe double and had all we needed.it was clean and very well serviced.eating in the restaurant was a treat,again service was provided with a smile and the food was well presented and tastey..close to all the shops and sights..enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay again..thankyou St Giles.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Our 5th visit to this hotel but unfortunately probably our last. It is undoubtedly the central location and easy access to the west end which always brings us back to this hotel. On this visit however, check in was chaos in the middle of a building site. Although the staff were doing extremely well in very tough conditions it was not very smooth. There are always queues for the very busy lifts so found that we used the stairs most of the time, though the stair well is very unpleasant. Our room was on the third floor and facing Tottenham Court Road. We have previously stayed higher up in the hotel but on this occasion couldn't escape the noise. All night you could hear the traffic and the beeping from the pedestrian crossing. The rooms are very warm and no ability to change the…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Daughters 11th Birthday ,Location fab. So near tube station. Hotel staff so helpful. Rooms adequate for central London tourists and rate good. Good choice of food in house and bar nice also will definitely be back and would recommend  ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel was very comfortable yes at the moment they are decorating the reception area but staff are very apologetic about this and it does not effect the rooms. Each day there was complimentary coffee at reception throughout day, access to gym suit and use of wifi at no extra cost. The location was great close to subway. within walking distance to most theatres and to leicester square. Oxford street just 2 minutes walk from hotel plenty of shops and restaurants surrounding hotel. Could not complain as hotal staff and location made my stay at London perfect.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,when the hotel manager is unprofessional,"st gilles continues to be a well located hotel and the rooms are both confortable and clean. Yet, this time, there is a manager who simply don't care about the clients. when i asked where to write a complain he gave me an empty white sheet! that is, if you face even a small problem, for sure he won't be helpful.  besides, the works at the reception were supposed to be over three days ago. the minimum was tell the clients there was a delay and to offer something for that.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful,Arrived to a building site! Check in painfully slow. Staff do minimal. Room small. Noisey. Wardrobe not even long enough to hang a jacket! Full of luggage rack and fan! Restaurant is awful. Thank goodness it's just one night.,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break,"My third stay here, but my first in  a single room, which was small and compact to say the least.  The renovations had no impact on my stay.   The staff, as usual, were efficient and friendly.  The breakfast was good, and gluten free bread was available.  I shall be returning!!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wait until renovations complete,"Whoever decided this hotel could operate while massive renovations are taking place in the lobby, reception and first floor should be sacked. And just for good measure, the computer was down throughout the afternoon. Check-in was totally chaotic, heightened by the banging and disruption from the builders (who were doing their best to co-operate). It was like a scene from a bad comedy movie. Saying that, the staff were tremendous, doing their best under extremely challenging conditions. The one exception was bar staff who were completely dismissive when the power suddenly went off at midnight (whether deliberately or not, we couldn't be sure) and we were effectively told to clear off! The room was good; well appointed and comfortable, helped by being at the rear which allowed to…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,synthetic opinion,"hotel with works inside. not qualified staff. rooma clean. No noise.Breakfast satisfactory ,but it cannot be charged on the room.  Great location to move walking.Great locstion. Confident i  the new restyling.  ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but...,"Really disappointed by my recent 2 night stay here. Whilst I understand improvements have to be made it would have been nice to have been informed in advance and to be able to change my mind if I wanted to. First night the work was still ongoing past 7pm and on the sencond night it was gone 11pm and if previous comments on TA state that it will be completed by the 17th March then I believe that the hotel are going to be sadly disappointed. The double room was incredibly small with no separate seating so if you wanted to sit and relax it had to be on the bed. The room was really hot, no air conditioning and a plug in fan that was next to useless I'm afraid. The small window didn't open far enough to let in any kind of breeze and as our room overlooked Tottenham Court Road it was…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never Again!,"Booked four rooms for a group of eight for my Husbands 50th. I knew there was work going on at the Hotel, but nothing prepared me for the room. We all had Executive Double Rooms. Our room was on the 13th floor. The room was so small and stuffy, the rest of our party had larger rooms.I did complain but was told the Hotel was full. If anyone goes to stay here, be sure to check accommodation to avoid disappointment. The only positive thing is the bed was comfortable, each couple paid £155 without Breakfast",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not good value for money, dirty room !!!","Renovations on going, we were informed before arrival. Offered free Wi-fi , but rubbish connection ! Got to our room, very small, no towels , had to get some ! Room very dusty ! Dirty pillowcase on bed ! Shabby furniture, rip in chair ! Shower dirty, no grab rail for safety, curtain not long enough, so water went all over floor ! Bathroom door handle was loose, so couldn't shut properly, no working extractor, so made room steam up !! We paid £97 each night ! Very poor value for money ! Only good point was location, for theatres, etc. Won't visit again !",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"It's ok, not great or something to seek out","Pros - Location!  Really close to the Tube, great restaurants within walking distance.  The price was right for what we received... but we lucked out on received free WIFI due to construction. Cons- There's no fan or ventilation in the bathroom, so when we took a showers, we needed to open the room windows - otherwise the entire room, not just the bathroom, became a sauna.  The hotel is undergoing construction - so the entry is a total disaster.  The lifts are up some stairs from the lobby, with no bellmen to assist with your luggage up the stairs - this was an issue for my father who is not 100% healthy.  The bathroom was poorly lit, so showers, brushing your teeth, washing hands/face is done the by the light of a single dim lightbulb.  And WIFI is not free (it's free during…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well placed hotel,"Stayed here with a friend on a theatre break, the St Giles is a lovely hotel where the staff go out of their way to make you feel welcome. True the hotel is undergoing renovation work but even the guys carrying out the work went out of their way to help. Chris the doorman is a gentleman hailing a taxi for us when we needed one and even giving us advise on the local area and how to avoid the crush on the tube by giving advise on the London buses instead thank you Chris for all your help. Breakfast is wholesome with a choice of full english or continental or a bit of both whatever you fancy. Rooms a little on the small side but enough for our needs. I would not hesitate to recommend the St Giles to any one.Two blocks from Tottenham Court Road tube station and round the corner from…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This is really a 3 star type hotel, but with a great location steps from the Tottenham Court tube station and Oxford St (shopping!).  Walking distance to popular tourist spots including British Museum and theaters in Leicester Square, Piccadilly Square, and Covent Garden.   The deluxe twin room is small, but has a separate small sitting room and mini frig to keep drinks, juices, yogurt, etc., cool to help cut down on eating out.  Market is across street.  Staff is helpful despite the lobby reno going on this past week and they offered free wifi to compensate for the construction.  Only downside is that outside music (not from the hotel) was heard all the way up to the 12th floor until 11:30pm most nights.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central but not luxurious,"Very Central location, but the rooms are extremely small and Wi-Fi is very poor for price paid. The hotel is currently under construction. Good range of foods for breakfast. Staff friendly and helpful",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Return to St Giles,"This was our second visit to St Giles after 3 years and our arrival was greeted by the reception area under renovation. But it did not interfere with our stay. The staff were as usual very polite and welcomed us on arrival. The breakfast was good value and there was an adequate selection, both hot and cold. The room was very cosy and suited our needs. All in all it was a very pleasant weekend, being our 50th wedding anniversary on the Saturday. (11th March)  The Concierge was incredible with nothng too much trouble, luggage and taxi's etc.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,This was our second stay at this hotel. It's great value for money and in a brilliant location right in the centre of London.  The staff are attentive and helpful.  Although the rooms are a little on the small side they have everything you might need for your stay. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"The hotel was going under renovations but didn't affect my stay at all (couldn't hear building work going on at all on the 6th floor). The staff were great and we were even given access to free wifi and pool to compensate. The rooms aren't massive, but have everything you need and very clean. My only issue was how noisy it was at night, despite the amazing view out onto Oxford Street and even being able to see Big Ben :). Breakfast had lots on and I was amazed at all the different types of restaurants there were. Big queue in the morning for luggage storage but that can't be helped, just make sure you get down at a quieter time incase you are in a rush. I would say if you are looking for a good, reasonably priced hotel that is convenient (few minutes walk onto Oxford Street and…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break stay,"We stayed for just one night as part of a theatre break. Yes, the reception is being renovated. Get over it! The reception staff were doing a grand job and we found checking in very efficient. Yes, the lifts are slow, but does it really matter? Take the stairs if able to. Our room was a standard double and was small but had everything we needed, mirrors, hairdryer, coffee and tea making facilities. The bed was VERY comfy and the bathroom nice and clean with a fab shower. I think if you were staying for a week then it may feel to compact but we choose our hotels to suit our needs. The breakfast was Fabulous! Huge selection, cooked food was a plenty and hot. Lots of cereals and fruit etc, we enjoyed very much. All in all, if you need a few nights stay EXTREMELY close to theatre…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just the job,"Stayed at st Giles over the weekend, the staff were very pleasant we stayed on the 6th floor room lovely and clean with fresh towels and bedding, tea and coffee facilities were also included, and breakfast there was all you could need to start the day. There was some building work being done for a new reception area which was at first a shock but will be lovely I'm sure when it's finished, this did not disrupt our stay!!! Lovely visit to London.  ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay  girls 50th birthday,Was celebrating sister and friend 50th birthday new there was alterations going on in reception but I think it was a health and safety issue for staff and guest having to be there with dust in the air and wire could be seen from ceiling room was not as expected bedding I have thrown better out we did complain and were moved for our second night which is the room I would expect for a premium room not what we had been given.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, comfortable enough, major renovation site","I stayed here recently for some work. The best thing about it is the location, just near Tottenhamcourt Road tune station. The worst thing just now (March 2017) is that it is undergoing renovation, which means the lobby area is a dusty, shambolic area. The impact of this is that it takes forever to get a lift. However, this had no impact on my sleep. Notwithstanding the renovations, it would still just be an average hotel. The rooms are small and basic; my bed looked as if it had been made by me! My shower took ages to heat up, and there was a flimsy shower curtain that blew with the pressure from the water. I did have a nice night's sleep, so no problems there. Breakfast was quite basic; it felt like being in a  cafeteria. Considering the location and price paid, this place…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"The hotel reception is currently undergoing renovation so can be a bit chaotic , but given the circumstances the staff are doing a great job. The standard rooms are very small as is the double bed. The bathroom is about the size of 2 phone boxes and decorated in black makes it very pokey . The extract in the bathroom is useless which makes drying yourself in the smal towels almost impossible. Everything in the room is budget. The breakfast was excellent.  As a stopover hotel it is good value and well located.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Subpar Hotel in Good Location,"On the plus side: good location and pretty cheap.  On the minus side? Well, let's see. The maids always changed my towels, even though I had hanged them up trying to save the environment and what not. But it took them three days to replace the empty box of Kleenex. There was no toilet brush in my bathroom, I heard others having this problem also. There was a weird, metal thingy under the carpet by the bathroom door. I know others also had this in their rooms. The blinds in my room only had two settings, closed and closed. Would have been nice to actually have been able to see outside.   The lobby area was under refurbishment while we were there. This was not shielded well from guests, it was chaos having to go through this area several times each day. The only compensation we…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay away from this hotel unless you are a fan of Vermin!!!,"My girlfriend and I recently visited The St. Giles Hotel, London for a weekend break. Having stayed in this hotel on two previous occasions we were confident that a pleasant stay was guaranteed. On arrival, we were greeted to the sight of extensive renovations being carried out in the lobby and reception area of the hotel, something that the hotel did not make guests adequately aware of prior to arrival. Instead of walking into a hotel, I feared we had taken a wrong turn and entered a building site.  Upon check-in at 10 am, which is located in the bar we were surprised to learn that our room was ready and we therefore decided to drop our luggage off in the room. Whilst we initially thought this was fantastic news, what truly lay ahead we could not have envisioned even in our…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Ok. So ,the upgrading of the reception area was tricky. But the hotel staff were really helpful and the location of the hotel more than made up for any inconvenience. This is not the first time we have stayed at the St Giles and we shall certainly stay here again",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok ish,"Well, unlike some of the previous comments you can forgive a hotel for carrying out upgrades whilst it is operating - it has to and people would moan more if nothing improved. The makeshift reception area worked and the staff were very welcoming.  People just need to remember that this is a relatively cheaper hotel considering it's excellent location. A 5 min walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Therefore there are lots of tourists and the rooms are small.  It is not a boutique hotel, most will use it purely for b&b.  Due to how busy the hotel is, if you go for breakfast (OKish) it can be a bit of a major scrum and the decor is a little tired.   It is what it is - have realistic expectations!",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"very good location. Building work was going on which to be honest didn't affect us too much. The main thing was that the room and bathroom was very small. I wouldn't have wanted to spend more than 1 night in it. This is probably the smallest double room I have ever stayed in. Breakfast Room wasn't very welcoming, it desperately needs revamped to open it up and cater for the number of Cusromers",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dirty bathroom,Stayed here last week during a last minute trip to London with friends! The hotel was undergoing renovations in the lobby so it took a long time to check in! However we were given complimentary wifi due to the state of the ground floor of the hotel! The room was quite out dated but offered everything we needed! The only complaint I have is that the bathroom was unclean and there were a lot of hairs on the floor and in the shower! Overall stay was good for the price we paid as we only spend a few hours in the room!,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great find,although the hotel was under going refurbishment the noise was minimal. great location for sightseeing right next to tube station (tottenham court road) bed very comfy would recommend! staff we're very helpful and we were able to leave bags at the hotel after check out whilst we toured london ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Mediocre Hotel,Stayed here as a base for part of my wife's 60th Birthday celebrations. We were upgraded (with thanks) to an executive Double Suite but the floor to the entrance to the bathroom had sunk considerably. This was pointed out and we were given £20 per night refund and free breakfast which I will cover on my next point. For the bathroom floor we were given towels to put over the collapsed area of the bathroom floor but were then not able to close the door itself. My wife actually tripped a couple of times. The furniture was crammed into the remainder of the triangular section of the room and pigeons woke us very early in the morning. We could also hear the flushing of toilets for most of the night.The Upgrade was to compensate us for the extensive work not being advertised on the…,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff, no problems !","Stayed for 2nights last week. Did online priority check in and breezed thru check in. Confirmed booking, got key & in room within 10 minutes. Twin room with fridge, safe , air con unit, hairdryer. Everything you need, not massive room but got an extra space between the bedroom  & bathroom so perfect for suitcase! Bathroom fine, towels bath/shower gel/ shampoo & loads of hot water. Breakfast ok, very busy but if you can leave it till after 9am loads of space . We had dinner at VQ on first night & Tang the noodle bar on second. Both really good Tang was really nice, very friendly and a  big bowl of really tasty chicken, noodles & broth. Very good value !  The staff should get a medal for working on a building site, but it didn't put us off . We had been notified about the…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as before,"St. Giles has the best location. This time, other things were not too impressive. The deluxe rooms were a waste of Money- they felt smaller than the double rooms. No heat in the bathroom, it was really cold to take a shower. And tiny towels after the shower doesn't really help when you're cold. We were a group of friends and booked 4 rooms. All rooms were on different floors, not really what you expect when you book 4 months in advance. Staff was not very helpful with getting us on the same floor (or closer). All rooms had problems With flushing.  Positive: Didn't have the breakfast this time, but it is normally a good breakfast. Also, we got 3 of 4 rooms early, when we arrived at noon.  I will still give the hotel a ""Very good"" rating, as I really have liked it earlier.…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Great location for easy walking to all of London sights. Very clean and exceptionally helpful staff highly recommended for a weekend sightseeing and really close to theatre land.Although building work was going on the staff went out of their way to help. Will be back!,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good ,We stayed here prior to flying from Heathrow the hotel was clean comfortable  and generally the service was good. We did not eat at the hotel. But we were pleased with everything til the morning we were waiting for our taxi to arrive the hotel set off the fire alarms and we had to go across the road to the meeting point. We waited there to be checked off the list but we're feeling uncomfortable about missing our taxi. In the end it was OK but could have been a disaster.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would stay again but some elements were disappointing ,"Stayed on a Friday night. Room cost was about £120 for a double room and no breakfast. Thought it was a good price considering the location. Easy walk to Leicester Square and soho. Room had an overwhelming smell of fragrant as if they were trying to cover up the smell of smoke. Luckily it did go away after a while. The reception was a building site although they did warn of this on their website. It was a bit frustrating dealing with reception on the phone to change our room from a Saturday to a Friday.  Should have been easy but no one took responsibility and took a few phone calls to sort out which was really frustrating as we were only directed to the right person once we'd said we wanted to raise a complaint. Overall, whilst this was frustrating and the reception was a…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good deal, good location, so so hotel","I stayed at the St. Giles during a business trip to London in February. The price was very good, just 175 pounds for a 2 night stay in a regular room. But the renovations are major, basically no lobby, reception is in the entry way to the adjoining pub. Room was small but had all the basics. Location is very good, in heart of central London. If price is a high priority, I'd recommend the St. Giles, but otherwise go another route. Things should be much better when the renovation is done.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't bother this hotel is horrific,This has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It doesn't help that there is ongoing building work in the main reception and the drilling is terrible. Trying to check in was challenging with staff who have poor English and shocking customer serine skills and the the noise was awful. The room was dusty and dated and the bathroom all mouldy. The room was tiny the bed and pillows were uncomfortable and the bath towels were grey not white and just bigger than a hand towel. I did leave comments on the card in my room but no doubt they won't be actioned. This was a business trip and I will be feeding this back to our hotel booking company. Why do you think it is ok to charge what you do and put people in dirty rooms? Oh and fire alarm activation at 23.16 and just no control…,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"Great hotel to stay in  if shopping  as you are only 10 mins from Oxford Street. If you are there for a trip to the theatre you are within easy walking distance of them, with easy access from Tottenham court road tube station.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,So ok there was renovations going on in the lobby! But to be quiet honest myself & my daughter loved our stay! The staff were very helpful! Our room was clean & cosy! & breakfast was good! We had a lovely time & yes will stay here again! ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Like a building site!,"Although booking.com warned there was some refurbishment taking place, we did not expect to what extent. The reception area is just inside main door and we had to queue outside as the area was so cramped. Once registered, we had to find our way to the lift - up some temporary wooden planks for stairs with scaffolding poles as handrails. The room was reasonably good - twin beds and clean but view of concrete wall, but we were only going to be sleeping in the room for one night.  Breakfast was just about ok, but tomatoes were barely cooked, no mushrooms or fried eggs.  When we returned to our room to collect our belongings, we were surprised that the room had already been prepared for the next guests, but we were using the toilet and cleaning our teeth before travelling home.…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed with service after stay,I came here on Friday 24th Feb to celebrate my wife's birthday. I had informed the hotel of our special weekend and I was told on arrival that something would be sent to our room for my wife which never arrived. Ok that's fine it didn't arrive anyway we had a good weekend sightseeing away from the building site which was the hotel. Payment had been taken from my bank card for our stay and had been paid in full on arrival and obviously I was all spent up by the time we returned home only to find the second day of being at home the hotel decided to again take another  £195 from my account  to which I only found out once I'd put petrol in my car and went in to pay. No money in my account as the hotel had taken it. I spoke to the accounts manager George at the hotel to be told sorry…,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed this time...,"We booked 3 deluxe rooms (and 1 single room) this time as we've previously stayed in double rooms three times and find them very small. The rooms were disappointing, all extremely small with a useless ""loungearea"" which took up the whole space. The bedroom itself was actually smaller than in the doublerooms, so no need to upgrade.... The room was also in need of a generel upgrade... We were surprised on arrivel with the whole reception area beiing under a total makeover, and chaotic with builders and construction work during the whole stay. Location and price the only positive to mention this time, hoping for a better experience next stay, if we go...",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reception like a building site but rooms OK,"I had an overnight stay in London and found the Hotel was in the location I needed and at a good price. On arrival, I realised the discounted price was due to the fact the refurbishment of the reception area was in full swing with builders and debris to negotiate before being allocated a room.   The room itself was fine and clean with room enough to make my stay comfortable. I was also given a room on the 8th floor, when I requested a quiet location, which worked well. The staff were very helpful and friendly, especially the receptionists, who were working under very difficult conditions.   I did not have any meals in the hotel, so can't comment on the food, but I did see long queues of people trying to get into breakfast. My room did have facilities for making hot drinks, which…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,overnight thearte stay,"nice location , the hotel had some building work going off while we were there which was a bit chaotic. the room was basic but clean , we didn't have breakfast included so had this in the 24hr restaurant .",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel despite the renovations.,"To be honest it was a bit like walking into a building site, My first thought when I walked in was ""what the hell have I booked"" But you soon see past the chaos.  Lots of people were complaining about it, but you cant renovate without causing a bit of upheaval and mess. it was only the lobby area, the rest of the hotel floors were unaffected If you have ever renovated your whole house like I have just done you would understand the frustration the staff would be feeling, they are trying to work and keep the hotel running and clean and guests happy. The rooms aren't huge, but they are comfortable and clean, we had a roof top room with some great views. We had breakfast in VQ restaurant attached to the hotel and it was fantastic. Hudson's house bar and restaurant was also great. On…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"we stayed for the wife's birthday and could not have been more happy with the location, it is just around the corner from the Dominion theatre and easy access for the tube at Tottenham court road. the checking in was swift and we were soon of to our room. On inspection we found hairs in the bed and stains on the mattress. we complained straight away and with no quibble was moved to another room which was the same size but clean. The bed was soft but was very comfortable only one chair we had booked a double with two single beds but found a double and a single in the room. The bathroom was ok with a sink large mirror toilet and a shower, it had enough power and hot water for me. the view from our room was rubbish (room 577). The wifi was only free for 1Gb of access after that you…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!,"This is without a doubt the worst hotel in existence!... Please do yourselves a favor & avoid this place at all costs!!  Problems with the reservations we had booked: They messed up our reservations (which was booked for 2 x nights, they thought it was only for 1 night) So when my colleagues tried to get back into their rooms after a long day at work, they found that the staff had kicked them out of their rooms & removed all of their belongings, to then misplace all of their things! (Luckily later to be found an hour or so later) they were finally able to check back into rooms at 12:35pm - unacceptable!  Staff: The 3 or so ladies that we dealt with over the week prior to arrival, spoke barely any English. Maria & Aissa didn't bother communicating with each other which resulted…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again. ,"Stayed here whilst having a nice couple days away from home with my partner, we were here to have a lovely stay and this hotel made sure that it was far from it.   As soon as we arrived renovations were going on which we were not warned about when booking.   We went to check in and the woman who checked us in was friendly enough but didn't speak English very well and took a while and in fact at first said we hadn't even made a reservation.   When we eventually got our key we got in to a very small shady looking lift which smelt of urine, we joked on the way up saying I hope our room is better than our first impressions ... it was not.   We had mould growing pretty much everywhere in the room, chipped paint, ripped head board and a very distinctive smell of damp surrounding the…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location being very close to the Tube,"This hotel was recommended to me by friends. I had received an email from the hotel informing me about the works to the lobby area but was not expecting the area to be in such an upheaval, but in saying that the staff were very helpful and we checked in very quickly, then again we didn't book the hotel to stay in the lobby.  Our room wasn't ready as we were too early, the hotel were able to store our luggage and my son aged 6 received a teddy bear which was a lovely touch. We had a room on the second floor with a view of the BT Tower, room was clean and comfortable, everything we required was included.  I found there was plenty of room for us both to move around comfortably.    Room was quiet at night time which for me is a bonus when travelling with a child.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Staying in a building site,"The hotel was a building site! start with arriving to the hotel, the reception was in the bar, work men everywhere, temporary steps to the second floor and breakfast area. Lifts were slow and small. always a queue to get into a lift. Our room was right next to the lifts which could be heard from the room. The room was not sound proof in the slightest and people talking as they walked past sounded as though they were in the room with us. We called down to the reception and requested a room change which was granted however between us picking up our suitcase and getting to the lobby the reception staff didn’t know who we had spoken to. They did however give us a second room which was away from the lifts but was dirty, tiered and in needs a big face lift. The fire alram went off at…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In the middle of a refurb so difficult to be definitive,"Temporary reception and hassled staff and cramped common areas means that it's difficult to tell how this hotel will be when the refurb in progress is complete.  Hopefully the refurb will extend to the rooms. Hurried decorating, cramped room but with all the basics.  No fridge in room, but a safe, small bathroom which took an age to get hot water flowing (again hopefully fixed n the refurb) but once it was flowing was ample and good shower.  Double bed quite large and comfortable. Small wall mounted TV. Very basic heating control. Not sure if this would be cool in summer.  Hotel exterior is interesting; brutalist concrete style similar to the Barbican.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"""amazing"" adventure with mouses and fire alarms",We should see the reason at under renovation is not everything perfect. But the mouse in the neighbor-room and the fire alarm twice during our stay (one was at 4am.) were didn't excpected. The location and the staff is perfect!! :),Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,How desperate do you need to be? ,"Never have I experienced anything quite as bad as this place. When reviewing a hotel experience I try to make it balanced and find at least one good point or one bad point to include. I failed to find anything good to say about this hotel, the rooms or the quality of food (breakfast). Location is good but not at the price of staying in a building site, with very poor quality food and rooms that are so small you have to sit on the bed to pass each other. Their website says ""some renovations to reception "" I would say that the extent of the work demands closure until finished. The only access to breakfast is up some temporary steps put together from scaffolding planks. Access from temporary reception to the lifts is the same. Disabled? Then forget it. In fact forget it until this…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location & staff in a building site,"Yes we were told that some building work was taking olace in the reception, but the area was a building site. In a few weeks it should be resolved. Staff were well trained and this element the hotel has got right. Room was small but clean so overall it was a ""value offer "" for a central london hotel at about £100 for a night. The breakfast was just about edible but not the best of British food. Room was quiet which is unusal for london.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing birthday stay. ,"My husband booked this hotel as a part of a theatre trip for my birthday.  We didn't know the hotel lobby was being renovated and looked like a building site.  We had a less than welcoming greeting from the reception staff who seemed too busy to be bothered with us.  Our room was incredibly small, the bed was uncomfortable and the room felt stifling and claustrophobic. We had 2 teabags in our room,and 2 tiny milk sachets. There is pay as you go WiFi, which is a bit outdated now, even most shops and cafe's have free WiFi.  The hotel wasn't cheap and was for a real treat for my birthday, but it didn't feel luxurious in any way at all. It was a shame. ",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a great hotel,More of a hostle than a Hotel. No mention of building works on ground floor. Small and tired room. Shower did not work. Pay extra for wifi and pool (belongs to YMCA not hotel) staff tried best. Too busy.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The location is the best thing going for it.,"The ground floor is a building site. I feel for the staff who have to endure the conditions and disgruntled customers like me. The room was dated, with a stale odour and a bed like a bean bag. Our two night stay had been paid for as it was part of a prize, but we went elsewhere for the second night.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A building site,"Excellently placed for a theatre break.   The foyer and surrounding corridors are a building site as major ground floor refurbishment in progress.  We found the rooms tiny,  but adequate Didn't manage to sleep very well as blinds let in light and open window for the heat let in sound.  . Every where insufferably hot, and breakfast in what looked like a works canteen with the queues to fit.  Otherwise, we saw a good show.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Convenient Hotel With Some Good and Some Bads,"Stayed here a few years ago on my first trip to London ever and this hotel has a lot of goods and some bads. I'm gonna get the bad news about this hotel out of the way first because there are a lot of good things about this hotel which we began to enjoy throughout our stay. First off, the rooms are small and in some areas extremely noisy. We checked in to this hotel after spending most of the day travelling to London on a train from Scotland. After getting off the train at Kings Cross and taking a cab over, we check in to get a room on third floor. The room was, cramped, the window faced out to Great Russel Street though you couldn't see much and the TV was left on too so music was blasting at us as soon as we opened the door. The window couldn't close to so we could hear people…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well located and reasonable price,"Unfortunately, there were major renovations going on in the hotel, during our visit . It would have been good, if we had been notified of this during our booking confirmation. As reception, lobby, bar and restaurant, were all affected by these renovations, I don't think that we got the best impression of the hotel .  That been said, staff were friendly, rooms were clean and comfortable, but small.  No irons in the rooms, but there was a shared ironing room available . All in all, well located and reasonable value for money",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent ,"Good breakfast and selection of conjoined restaurants and bars, even a casino ! Standard Rooms are abit too small Parking is advertised but doesn't mention about the cost! You get it stamped at main desk but that only makes the first24hr half price. However after that it was full price ! We parked for up 27 hrs and it cost £36!! But good hotel non the less ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The work was the least of the problems! ,"I stayed for 3 nights with my mum for my birthday at the beginning of February. About a week before our trip my mum got an email telling us about the work being done in reception, we were still surprised though by the fact that the reception looked and sounded like a building site!! The room was dated but that didn't bother us too much, the issues were that there was no fridge or iron, we were given 3 hangers between us, the ""bath towels"" were the size of hand towels and we were actually only given 1 between the 2 of us until we requested another one. Not all of the plug sockets in the room worked which meant the kettle was balanced on a tiny thin shelf, as if that wasn't dangerous enough the kettle wasn't turning itself off when it was boiled so my mum had to press the button…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing and ,I have stayed before and I can not believe how much the hotel has deteriorated.  Poor welcome at reception.  The smell of damp as I  approached my room was a sign of things to come .  The most uncomfortable bed I have slept in for a very long time.  The room was dirty a discarded sock just under the bed .  The room smelt .  ,Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well situated but a little tired in places,"This was our second visit to the St Giles which is perfectly situated for Theatre Land and reasonably priced.   We booked a double room but were given a triple which meant we had plenty of room for our bags and to get dressed. Rooms have adequate tea and coffee facilities, hairdryer and a safe. Bathroom was clean albeit a little small.  This is a large hotel that is undergoing refurbishment in the reception area but I think this should extend to the passageways and rooms which look tired and could do with a little refreshing.   Hotel staff were very polite and everyone of them from the concierge to the cleaners greeted us.  All in all, for what we paid and the positioning of the hotel I feel it is good value for money and will stay again. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OMG!,"Ok fair enough they are refurbishing the lobby so you can deal with the unsightly mess and open walls and ceilings but the quality of the rooms is just so sub standard it's not real, the beds are harder than the floor and the quality of the room feels like I've just gone back to the 80's.  Yes it is clean so that is something but for the price you would expect, no, demand, a higher level of comfort.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Interesting experience!,"We have stayed in this hotel a few times now and have always been happy with it. However this time was an experience. On arrival we were checking in and I was told my booking hadn't been paid for. I had an email confirming payment which I showed but still had to pay again! Good start. Later on in the night we were in the bar, was told we had to drink our drinks. The bar man kept coming up to us telling us to finish our drinks, there was six of us at our table, only a couple with drinks. We were told we had to pour the drinks in plastic cups and leave. There was another table with several people sat at it, we told the bar man to tell them to drink up and we were told by him they were his friends and ok to carry on drinking. The bar man went back behind the bar speaking in his…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"This hotel was booked as a package with theatre tickets. It was only on arrival we found out about the renovation work going on in the public areas which wasn't a good first impression. Our room wasn't as shown on the website, it was small with only blinds at the small window. The building opposite had bright lights on throughout the night which we found disturbing. The shower doors made it difficult to get in and out of the shower as the bathroom was so small. On the plus side the hotel was close to other amenities, the breakfast had a good selection of hot and cold foods and the staff were very apologetic about the disruption.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel But Nothing Exceptional,"Stayed 1 night Room was OK big enough not massive, bathroom and shower had plenty of hot water free tea & coffee could have done with more milk. Soundproofing not brilliant but its in the middle of London so expect some noise especially at weekend Staff very polite and check in was quick OK for a night or 2 would not want to stay for whole week",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and value for money,"Clean, friendly, good breakfast all for £65 pppn, which made it cheaper than other rivals in the city.  Perfect location too; didn't need to use the tube at all as Euston only 20 mins walk away and hotel situated side on to Tottenham Court Rd nr junction with Oxford St; consequently Covent Garden and theatre land all within 20 mins walk too.  Would use again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,Second time i have stayed at the st giles and can't fault it. Great location for shopping and theatres. Clean well equipped rooms. Reception refurbishment going on but didn't cause any problems. Looking forward to coming back later in the year to see the changes.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Harry Potter room!!!!,"Well where do i start? We wasnt informed on the building work going on within the hotel so that was a loud disruption straight away. The hotel room, well may aswell have called me Harry Potter it was like being in a cupboard under the stairs!!! My bedroom is bigger at home! Me and my friend asked for more towels to be sent up as there was only 1 head towel and 1 body towel in the room (even though they knew there was 2 people in the room) and the lady said she would get them sent up, well they never even turned up think we'd still be waiting now had we not come home!, no iron in the room and when asked the same happened again like the towel situation, no curtains in the room so even if you dont wanna be up early - you most definitely will be!! And as for cleaning, our room was…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really good location,"Stayed here for one night whilst attending a course. Chose the hotel due to it's location to the course venue. It turned out to be an excellent choice from start to finish. Check in staff were very helpful and apologetic for the temporary reception due to refurbishments going on. Bedroom was perfect, plenty of room for one. Breakfast was good with a good choice to suit all tastes. Would recommend this Hotel for a break in London",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really nice hotel,Stayed here for a night with my daughter. We had a room on the third floor. If you are given the choice I would opt for a room in the higher floor purely for the views of London . The hotel was quiet and there was little street noise. The room had everything you need.  Will definitely be staying again.  ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Far from something you could call clean, very unpleasant experience. Small room, dirty, very old fashion, small, dark shower. Currently the entrance area is under construction.  Breakfast below average. ",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and cheerful accommodation in the heart of the city,"This hotel is central to the main attractions of London. If you are into walking you will have no problem for Oxford St, Buckingham Palace, Bond st all museums and theatres. The rooms are adequate and the breakfasts are eat as much as you like. all self service, but good for visiting or work.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weehend in London,"Ideal hotel to stay to see London sights and west end shows . They serve a decent breakfast , the staff are friendly and helpful . we upgraded the room and it was very pleasant. We have stayed here before and would return again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good ,Sweetest staff ever! Even though we stayed at the hotel in the middle of there big renovation. We would definitely return. Our room was really small but we didn't mind. The only bummer was the small closet. It was filled up with a broken fold chair and other unnecessary stuff.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Away,The building works really detract from the hotel. It is the first thing that you see as you enter the hotel. I understand that this is essential but it really is ugly and noisy. The lifts are in an awful mess. Somewhat bizarrely the some of the floors only have down buttons for the lifts. This is silly when the ironing room is on the 6th floor and you’re staying on the 9th and have to travel down to the ground floor before returning to the 9th. We booked an executive double for the weekend and when we checked in were given room 807. This room was very small and certainly not what I would call executive. We returned to concierge and they changed us to room 901. This was more what I would expect for the additional money. Due to the building works checking in was a nightmare. There…,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK,Firstly there are major refurbishing works going on in the reception area. Whilst this is happening Reception has been moved into the bar area. The rooms were ready before the advertised 2pm which was great. The room we had this time seemed more run down than last time we stayed. However you can't complain really for central london as this hotel is very cheap when compared with others. Room was also very cold and couldn't find anywhere to turn the heat up. Would I stay here again probably because of the price as its only a place to sleep.,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Standards have dropped!,"This is our second stay at St Giles Hotel and if this had been our first we would not have booked again. There are extensive building works going on which we were not informed of until after the booking was made and quite frankly it is like walking through a building site. After queuing for 5 minutes to check in at the temporary reception area in the bar we made our way to our room. This was definitely not to the same standard as our previous stay and there was quite a bit of maintenance needed for this room. Firstly the bathroom door mechanism did not work so you could not lock the door and it swung open, as we are a married couple we decided that this would not be too much of a problem however after returning back from our evening out we discovered the shower was not working…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for a budget,"I booked a single room.  It was exactly that and no more.  The room I had was probably 6' x 8' or thereabouts, with a twin bed.  The shower was barely big enough to turn around in.  I'm not complaining, I just want to be accurate.  However, given that the same room in New York City would have cost twice as much, I felt like I got a great, clean, comfortable room for a good price.  I wasn't in London to stare at hotel walls.  I needed a clean home-base, nice place to sleep, etc.  This filled the bill.  The double rooms are bigger (they have to be), but if you're budget minded and just want clean and relative comfort, this is a good choice.  It was also a very good location.  I was within walking distance of the West End and actually walked to the theaters where I watched Les Miz…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel under renovation,"I was not awhere the hotel was under renovations until entering , so was a little disappointed. Although I do understand these things need to happen but would have preferred to have known when booking. In our room we had to move the beds as the wall lights were directly above so bashed my head on sitting on the bed. The shower room was clean but the toilet made a load noise from the pipes on flushing. The breakfast was decent enough & the staff friendly. They did have a hot drink station with disposable cups,  set up in the lobby which was thoughtful so you could grab a hot drink for on the go.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place when it's ready...,Great location near the subway station and the main attractions. Unfotunately the hotel was under construction so it was not as it's best. Breakfast was quite minimalistic compared to the standard that's normally served at the continent.,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday visit to london,"We stayed at the hotel last week. The staff were all friendly and helpful. They are undergoing a period of refurbishment at the moment, which is clearly going to improve the entrance and reception. Although it was a little like walking through a building site it didn't detract from our enjoyment. Yes, the room was very small, but it was clean and perfectly adequate. The situation is spot on, just a few minutes from the tube/ bus and from oxford street. They were also happy to look after our luggage as we had a late train. Breakfast was good with plenty of choice.  We would probably stay again due to its good location. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very central for travellers,Stayed in january family group of 5 2  twin rooms and 1 single . rooms are tiny but spotless perfect if you are looking for a base to just sleep in central london and don't want to spend a fortune . There is plenty of food and bev options in the hotel and best of all Primark oxford street is just across the road . Costs €15 for taxi to liverpool street station ,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles, London","The hotel is mid-refurb and in my opinion should have been closed whilst this work is in progress.  Guests are rubbing shoulders with the construction staff and some stairs and passage ways are of temporary construction. Pro's in respect of our stay: it is in a good location within walking distance of theatres and other central London attractions.  Free wi Fi for general use, streaming would need to be paid for. Con's: on the evidence of our stay the hotel rates no more than 2 stars at best. The room we occupied was I think a refurbished room.  It was clean tidy and tiny!!  The 'double' bed was a small double, you would expect to find two of these in an American hotel classed as a double.  The bathroom would be uncomfortable for anyone of slightly larger than average build. The…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Just an overnight stay in a single room which was adequate.  It was a bit dated but generally clean.  The hotel is undergoing major improvements.  It is a very busy hotel and basic.  The dining facilities is a free for all and quite like a workhouse canteen,  however the food was good and the young waiter/table clearers were kept busy and kept the tables  nice and clean.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fire alarms...,"This was our 14th stay at the hotel. Always loved it, always great service (my compliments to Joao). But in these past 3 days we had 3 firealarms where one was even at 4 in the morning and there we had to evacuate cause it didn't stop. Maybe you need to get it fixed? I understand that it sometimes can happen due to the works at the moment but this is a bit much. If it would've been our first stay I wouldn't come back, sorry. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel Great location,"St Giles hotel is in THE BEST location. One block to Tottenham metro and the British Museum, 10 minutes from Traflager Square, theater district, shopping on Regents Rd. All around the hotel is good eateries. We had an awesome breakfast at Planet Organic a block away. The staff were very welcoming and efficient. They had free secure luggage drop off for before and after our time. The bad side is they are doing major construction of the lobby. I knew ahead so was not a surprise but not very pretty. But the staff were right at the front door helping if needed and they did have coffee and tea free right by the front door. Also had signs for everything.  The room was small (I have been in smaller in London), overall ok in cleanliness. There was a candy wrapper on the floor and the…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mouse in room!,"I would not recommend a visit to this hotel. Firstly, I was not told at any point during the booking process that the hotel is basically a building site as it's going through a refurbishment. I received a email telling me it was the same day as I was checking in and after the free cancellation period had ended. The rooms are quite old fashioned in appearance and the noise is loud from outside. Then, as my title suggests, I noticed what I thought was a spider crawling by the desk, but it was in fact a mouse! I've never stayed in a hotel before where I've had rodents come in the room. Would definitely not recommend a stay here. I asked for a refund but was only offered an upgrade but I did not feel comfortable after this incident and won't be staying here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,such a shame,"we were told about the building works, but not until after we had booked, and despite promises of noisy works being between 10 and 4, they started earlier and went on til close to 6pm each night.  the hotel did their best to compensate by offering free gym admission which we used (and was great!) and free chocolate muffins by the entrance.  the staff were brilliant, all very friendly and helpful, especially carrying bags up the stairs. if you are disabled then I would strongly recommend you looking elsewhere as there are unavoidable stairs during the works.  the breakfast was a pretty poor affair, whilst cooked ok, it's disappointing that they have a huge cooker on display yet weren't serving fried eggs. first hotel I've ever been to that cooked toast for you, and that just…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay away,"Terrible place. 2 nights 2 fire alarms in the middle of the night, so now at home shattered. Bar staff are either rude or have a grumpy disposition.  Look elsewhere I'd suggest. Tried to complain and the staff just smiled and listened. No attempt to placate the huge number of complaints.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful experience! ,"Booked this hotel in advance of staying, at no point was it made aware to us either through communication or price that the hotel was undergoing major refurbishment (even down to reception now being a table in the restaurant and handmade stairs to the lift)!! Then at 3:58AM the fire alarm goes off, full hotel evacuation only to be told this is the second night this has happened and that it is a separate area of the hotel that the alarm was triggered and we can go back to our rooms, after being outside the hotel for 20 mins! (People in night dresses and shorts!)   The room and corridors to the rooms smell damp and walls of the room wet with condensation!   Very small room (size of a cleaners cupboard at best!)  Absolutely would not revisit this hotel and absolutely do not…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poorly organised from start to finish ,"Stayed here yesterday evening and we were extremely disappointed! Put a huge dampener on our Birthday celebrations. At no point were we ever told there would be building works and when we arrived the checkin desk was in the bar! Again poorly organised and the lady who checked us pretty much ignored us, passed over the key and carried on talking to someone on the phone!   The whole hotel smells damp, same as the room. Though clean and tidy it was pretty much a box room. Bathroom was decent and the shower was good.  After calling it a night we were awoken at just after 3:40 am by the fire alarm. Headed down stairs were all the other guests were outside. The staff didn't seem to know what to do or how to cope with the alarm. After about 10 minutes we were told it was a false alarm.…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ideally situated for all amenities,"We pre booked the Hotel before Christmas when the hotel reception area was not going under upgrading. We were informed of the work to be carried out about 3 weeks before our stay which was from 28th January.  When we arrived at 11-30am  the temporary reception was just inside of the Bar area and was staffed by 4 check in clerk's which were super efficient, and surprisingly we were able to check into our room. Our room was on the sixth floor and was well laid out clean all-round commutable twin beds and nightstands. Good sized flat screen TV and tea and coffee making facilities. The serve yourself  Breakfast is particular good value and many many choices and unlimited and very tasty. Our visit was to fit in with the Chinese New Year celebrations in the city and we choose the…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel.,"Absolutely dreadful experience. A number of issues...  1. Refurbishment. Was unaware (and was not made aware upon booking - which is shocking in itself) there were significant works going on. All in all, this was actually the least of the problems. However, the staff seemed disorganised and the makeshift reception in the bar makes for a very unpleasant check in experience. Not a disastrous start, but certainly set the tone.  2. Room. Stayed in a Deluxe Double. Travelling for business frequently means I'm not in the room apart from sleeping. Room was clean enough, but that's where the good feedback ends. The shower had very low water pressure - if you want to wash your hair, this isn't the hotel for you. The light switches didn't work properly and I had to stumble around in the…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The locaton is the key,"Stayed here for 3 nights.The location is what makes the hotel worth stopping at. Our room was for 3 people so had a bit more room.The lifts to the 8th floor were a nightmare.I dont know if this was because of the renovations been carried out or not. Like other reviewers we were e mailed by the hotel to say that work would be carried out between 10 and 4.No it wasnt it started earlier and carried on later,but didnt really hear it on 8th floor. The one problem I had in the room was that one of the lights over the bed was actually where my pillow was.Not the best place for a good nights sleep.  didnt want to make a big fuss about this,but mentioned it but mentioned it to the receptionist in passing.She got really snotty and said that there was only 2 of us in a room for 3 and if we…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel advised us wrongly,"Stayed here 3 nights last week as a birthday break to London from my other half. Before we went we received an e mail with regard to building works getting done in the hotel. We were told that this would be happening between 10am and 4pm so we were happy enough to keep our booking. Sadly the building work started around 8am as we were woken up with the noise and when we went down to breakfast around 8.30pm it was clear to see the workmen were in and had started work. We found this the same each morning and the work clearly carried on until after 4pm. We were very unhappy about this as the hotel had clearly advised us that the work would not start till 10am, and if we had known it would start each morning around 8am we would have booked elsewhere. We feel ripped off as this 3…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dont waste your money.,"Its ok to tell people that you are having some refurbishment works on your own website, but who books direct anymore? Its not on this site, or booking.com. And its not 'some' it is a major project. The hotel should be shut. Its a disgrace that they feel they can charge money for this type of thing, and when we asked to talk to someone the manager refused to talk to me, yes REFUSED! Walked away before he had even heard what I was going to say! The room, an 'Executive' upgrade was no bigger than a box room in my Aunt Mary's 2 up, 2 down. Air con that was either a sauna or a fridge, builders who start work at 9 on a Sunday morning and to top it all the room was on the 13th floor and the lifts only go to 11. The 'Executive' lift for the last two floors was not working as part of the…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Perfectly fine hotel in good location for West End theatres. In walking distance from Euston, which from our point of view is a real bonus. We have stayed there on a number of occasions. Some of the rooms are small but they are clean and tidy. No bells or whistles as far as the hotel is concerned but it is more than okay for a one or two night stay. The only drawback is having to pay for wifi. I would have thought that in this day and age that this would be provide as part of the standard package.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,Stayed here for a couple of nights with a friend for a weekend break . The hotel was undergoing construction work and was very busy with workmen etc when we arrived . Check in was hectic but ran smoothly. A very busy hotel which is probably to do with the great central location. The underground is very  close by. Our room seemed clean enough on arrival but we just wanted to head straight out and see around us . Later on I noticed some blood stains on the carpet and bedside cabinet. If I had noticed this earlier I would have asked to change rooms. Not the hotels fault itself but poor housekeeping on someone's part. Breakfast was again very well laid out and ran quickly and smoothly even with the large volume of people coming in . The food looked well with a good variety to choose…,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"GREAT location, smallest room!","This hotel is in a fantastic position for visiting the theatre which was the purpose of our trip, Reception (even though they were in a temporary set up due to renovations) were very friendly and efficient, the room was rather small and a little dated! but had everything we needed for a good nights sleep, we met a gentleman in the lift who put it perfectly, 'May be a little creaky and compact but with all that's on its doorstep you wont be in the room for long!'",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre visit,"Stayed here again for a theatre break in London, excellent Location, and lovely kind staff.  Stayed in an executive room on the rooftop which was lovely, great views, and a great breakfast included.  The refurb is underway but did not make our stay awkward at all.  Have already rebooked for June.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired - Noisy - Dirty,"Without doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  There is currently renovation work underway meaning the reception is now in a very noisy bar, where it was almost impossible to hear the receptionist over the load music and drunk people.  The room itself was in desperate need of updating and was filthy.  The walls and doors are paper thin, so the couple arguing next door may as well have been sat in my room !!!  I stay in London hotels every other week and NEVER have I stayed in one as bad as this.  The bar seems to be a meeting place for the bicycle taxi riders as the car park beneath the hotel is full of them.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and central ," The Hotel was a little dated and building works currently ongoing.  Other than that can't complain at all, ideal location for Soho, Leicester Square and Covent gardens. Breakfast was fine. It's roughly a 45minute walk from Paddington station. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It will do!,"Located about £6.60 and 5 minutes in a Black Cab from Euston station. Far quicker and less stressful that the Tube.  The hotel is in the process of being refurbished and for that, guests get a few perks (previously you had to pay)  Free WiFi. Use of the pool and gym etc. Although I am currently unsure if these facilities are within the hotel. I know the Casino is on the other side of the road. I think the other facilities may be off site also. Perhaps a reduction in the price would have been a kinder offer during the refurbishment? At £120 per night, I do not know how comparable this is with ""London Prices""?  The room I am in is tiny and is the type shown in the brochure. Others mention it as being compact! A really good photographer has been used.  Our room it a bit tired. It…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location !,This is mid range hotel but with great value . If you want to be in central London and do shopping this is your hotel. It is also near the tube and train stations.  Rooms are clean and ok in size. Breakfast was good . Hotel staff are  professional and friendly. Next time we are in London we  will use this hotel again.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for visiting London,"St Giles is only a 30 minute walk from both Kings Cross and Euston stations and is very handy for Covent Garden and the theatres. We went to see Girls at the Phoenix theatre and it was literally a 5 minute walk from the hotel. We also visited the Shard, which again was just a short walk away. Tottenham Court tube station is a couple of minutes away too.  The hotel foyer was being refurbished when we visited but disruption was being kept to a minimum and work didn't begin until 10am and finished at 4pm. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Breakfast is excellent. It is self service with a choice of continental or cooked breakfast.  Our room was small but very comfortable. The shower room was plenty big enough and was very modern. I was pleased that the hairdryer was a…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for shopping,"I stayed here in May 2016 and again February 2017, it was undergoing some renovation during my recent stay, which was inconvenient but didn't really affect our stay, the staff were very apologetic. This stay was in the east tower, room was very small and basic, bathroom was tiny, the noise along the corridors echoed extremely loudly so I would avoid staying in the east or west tower rooms as the corridors are tiny and you struggle to get past to your room when the cleaning trollies are out. If you are staying in London for shopping it is ideal location as it is at the top end of oxford street, Tottenham Court Road tube station is just around the corner, so getting about to other places in London is ideal.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic with tired decor,Good basic hotel that was very centrally situated . The rooms were very tired and small - we had a double room . The staff on arrival were exceptionally friendly and efficient and I couldn't fault them . The bar area and the breakfast area were very basic although the selection at breakfast was reasonable. The hotel is undergoing renovations so maybe this does affect the first impression that this hotel gives as I have never visited it before . If you are looking for somewhere just to rest your for the night the hotel is in a great location and is perfectly adequate. However if you are looking to have a special few nights in London then I think you would be highly disappointed! I wasn't paying for the room as it was a business trip so for me it served a purpose but as I was…,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We stayed here for 2 nights, the location was perfect for the show we had come to see. My partner has mobility issues following a stroke so I had requested a room close to reception, this is exactly what we got, the first room out of the lift, thank you. The room was small and basic but very clean. The restaurants on site were brilliant and offered plenty of choice. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and have to give a special mention to Joao the doorman, he was always there to help.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location ,"Absolutely fantastic location, right on top of all the theatres. 10 minute walk from leicester square and covent garden. Hotel was excellent value for money for such a central location. Twin room was small but adequate for our needs. Would definitely stay here again. Some refurbishment work going on a present, but didn't affect us.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed on 1st Feb for one night, although it's currently slightly in disarray due to updating building works, I found the staff exceedingly polite, helpful & cheerful, the room was very comfortable with a partition wall for an 'office' area, bathroom was good size with excellent shower.  Bed was very comfortable, room was very quiet throughout the night, no traffic noise, (I was on 4th floor), slept very well indeed, breakfast was very good, as usual buffet style with plenty of choice.  Would stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Concrete sleepmachine,"This is a Place to sleep - and it's very central. Ok standard, but a bit weared. It was a bit of work to check in, as they were rebuilding the reception area, and we had to check in at concierge NeXT to the bar. Very ""School-like"" breakfast, not very good, and I recommend going elsewhere for Your food",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for Money ,I have stayed at the St Giles Hotel on several occasions when travelling on business and have no issue with this hotel. The staff are friendly and  accommodating and go overboard to always make the effort to make you feel welcome. In my view this helps to  make up for the fact the property does need some investment. At low cost room rates you should not be expecting 5* treatment and you can pay double the rates of St Giles for standard budget hotels in London. The hotel is frequented by many international travellers and has a great cosmopolitan and relaxed feel with a lively bar area. If you are concerned over the size of rooms book a deluxe or executive room which offer more space and are still reasonably priced. The location is good and very handy for public transport. I have…,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed [this time].,"First of let me start by saying that I have stayed here many times [its a great location]. This time before we went I emailed the St Giles web site to enquire about an upgrade as I had never been offered one before at this hotel.I had received an email informing me of renovations being carried out in the lobby area, fair enough I thought. Upon arrival at the hotel the check in process was a shambles, far to small never mind an upgrade they couldn't even find our booking. Only two of the lifts where working so ..quite a long wait to go up or down the hot water was intermittent , and we asked for an alarm call the day we where leaving which we never got.[COME ON ST GILES I KNOW YOU CAN DO BETTER].",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Great hotel very clean and of a good standard. Excellent location just off the junction of oxford street and Tottenham Court Road . We didn't have breakfast as we were going out shopping and there are loads of places around to enjoy sitting outside . We are staying again in June when we are going to see Adele at Wembley . ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible experience. ,"Very small rooms, even for central London, I could barley turn around in the toilet/shower room. Old fashioned and outdated furniture and linen. Worst part was the noise. The windows don't stop any noise at all. It was completely impossible to sleep, I'm not unreasonable, I expect some noise in a city centre but this was just ridiculous. Will be telling my company not to book anyone into this hotel again.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Standard hotel,This hotel was central to everything we needed whilst in London so this was a bonus. Building work was being carried out so that was a negative only slight though. Rooms very basic but enough for what we needed. I would stay in this hotel again for the area but if I wanted more luxury and comfort I would reconsider. ,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good trip,"Thought st giles was a good place to stay, rooms were clean and very comfortable, staff friendly and helpful , work going on in reception but wasn't a problem. We would definitely stay here again, breakfast was good only complaint I have is that the breakfast should be called English breakfast and not European, after all we are in England",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny rooms and busy cante en breakfast ,Had a single room. The smalest I have ever seen. Had to go out in the corridor to change my mind. The bathroom and shower were even smaler. But the bed was nice. It seamed clean. But with carpet on the floor I never know. ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","The location is perfect. Right in the middle of everything. Tube and buses are few meters from the door. The rooms are small (as they are in London) and the bathroom too. Our room had twin beds and a shower. The water is warm, and shower good. The soap dispensers not so. Because of the location, you will probably not want to sleep with the window open, and the air quickly gets very stuffy.  However, the staff were very friendly and helpful when needed. If this is always so, or just during the ongoing renovation, I would not know, but hope it is how it is. Due to the renovation we also received complementary wifi in the room, which I hope will be the new normal, as any hotel today should offer free wifi if they are serious.  The cleaning, however, could really need some help. It…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Friendly hotel,"Really good locations near shops, stations and walking distance to threatres. very clean comfortable bedroom and en-suite, had a beautiful view from our bedroom looking over London. Breakfast was included was confusing where to go for breakfast but once we got directed to correct breakfast area it was a delicious breakfast to set you off for the day, Staff very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Return Visit!,"Again, despite ongoing major refurbishment in the reception area, everything again was very good. Well done to ALL the staff for their warmth, friendliness and most important their patience under difficult circumstances. As before, on a number of occasions Hudson House restaurant could not be faulted - good food, service and price. The hotel is more than ideally located for Oxford St, Theatre land and the underground. We would not hesitate to stay here again whenever we visit London for theatre weekends. And we fully recommend St Giles Hotel  Many thanks.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"The hotel is next to the tube station , Oxford Street, short walk to Soho and not that far to Covent garden either. The rooms are ok . Good bed, cold bathroom (but that I have experienced at 5 star hotel in London as well)",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We Won't Be Back,"We visited the St. Giles a number of years ago and found it to be in a great location with standards fairly reasonable. Unfortunately deciding on a last minute break to London we did the unusual thing for us and did not research the hotel. This was a major error. The hotel is undergoing a reception refit and the hotel can only be described as in chaos. When trying to go for breakfast we found more than thirty people waiting to get into the breakfast room. We therefore went away , got our bags and dropped them off before returning, by this time the queue was even longer, no breakfast for us then (this was before 9am) ! The room had not been renovated since our last visit and was extremely tired, however it was clean. All in all a hotel we will not re visit and for someone who…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The hotel is situated within walking distance of all of the places to see, such as Soho, Covent Garden, China Town etc. The reception staff are friendly and seem to be coping well with the renovation work being completed.  The double room we had on the 4th floor was very small, but clean and tidy. The noise from the renovation work woke us up quite early, along with the cleaners banging on the door.   In all an okay hotel but the location would mean I would use it again if the price was reasonable.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Great location just a couple of minutes from tube station, shops and restaurants. You can easily walk to the tourist attractions.The hotel is clean although there is a lot of work going on at the moment. The room was very small and very noisy from traffic outside to doors banging and an alarm going off for nearly the whole night inside the hotel. The staff are not the friendliest, they don't do anything to make you feel welcome or make your stay any better. Wifi is free in the bar but you have to pay if you want it in your room. The leisure centre is not part of the hotel so you have to pay for that.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate for all needs,"Myself and my boyfriend returned from this hotel this evening where we found our trip to be pleasant. The location was the best we have got. A sainsburys, boots, Tottenham court tube, theatres were all within a 2 minute walk away. A 5 minute walk took you directly into Leicester Square.   We had booked an executive double room as it was only a bit more expensive than the standard and we like the extra space. I booked this through booking.com and had received the confirmation bookings. We both went to breakfast at the hotel this morning to be told that we had not paid for it. Very confused I insisted that she looked again because I had. She said we will have to go through to the check in section to ask them to check. We sat and waited a further 10 minutes whilst another lady at…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very freindly,"stayed the night here with my partner, room was very clean, the staff are so friendly, had breakfast following morning food was fantastic, can fully recommended this hotel, so many different places to eat nearby,",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okey,"We had an okey stay. But the room was a bit dirty. There was food in the corners and very dusty. We got all the information we needed from the staff. And also, everyone were really helpful and so kind. I am coming back, hopefully to a cleaner room :-) ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wheelchair accessible? ,"The worst Hotel I have stayed in ever. Now in wheelchair I asked for a room for a wheelchair.  We could just get the chair through the door and just about close it but that was as far as we could move. I had to get out of the chair, we then collapsed it then sat on the bed. There was 18 inch all around bed. The shower was a disabled wet room, great, that was it. The mattress must be 20 years old it was so uncomfortable, we were  awake all night.    I was told there was more room in this room than a deluxe double !!  Good points - Staff were great.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel at a decent price,"If you're paying just over £100 a night for a double room in Central London then you've got to have reasonable expectations - you're not going to get the Savoy. The St. Giles certainly isn't the Savoy, but it's a decent hotel.  We booked a deluxe room but were upgraded to an executive, though I'm not clear what the differences were. The room was nice enough. Not massive but a reasonable size, clean, quiet and with a pleasingly responsive aircon unit to warm it up.  The main plus point of the St. Giles is the location. Two minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street, and another couple of minutes from Soho. For exploring Central London and the West End it's very convenient indeed.  Check-in was a bit cramped as the hotel is undergoing renovation at the…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, old, uncomfortable and glad to leave.","Stayed here for work, otherwise would have asked for my money back. Room was tiny, dirty, old fashioned and the most uncomfortable bed ever.   No curtains also made sleeping difficult, with the blue neon glow coming through the blinds.  Great location for central London, sadly that's all the hotel has going for it.   Wouldn't stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Excellent ,This hotel is well located in a vibrant part of the city for tourists and business people alike with many of the attractions of London a short walk away. The YMCA gym is attached to the hotel and entry was free during my stay. The VQ Resturant has great breakfasts and the bar is a good to have meetings or relax for a quiet ale. The decor of the rooms a little old and small but that would be the only shortcoming. ,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value, Good location, Good service",This hotel is a bit of a hidden gem. Good location at the top of Oxford Street at good value. Room was OK. I suggest you upgrade to the larger rooms if you are there for more than one night. Staff were very good. Checked in early without any problem or the usual nonsense of some of hotels about only 3 o'clock onwards. They checked there was a room already prepared I had it. Very good friendly service. There is building works going on at present but you are kept away from them. I recommend this hotel based on my visit.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Old and tired ,"Upon arriving the first oddity was a set of twin outer and inner automatic doors. Only one set was working but on the opposite sides to each other so it meant 'snaking' through from the outside to the lobby that meant any arrival with large bags or cases was made more difficult. This appeared to be deliberate, perhaps for some sort of security but we found it annoying as this remained the case throughout our stay.  Renovation of the lobby area was in progress so boarding, workmen and noise greeted us but as it was for improvements then this was unavoidable & would be unfair to cloud any initial impressions. Certainly the speed and efficiency of the four lifts left a lot to be desired. While this may be a busy hotel, we were often left waiting up to 5 minutes for a lift to…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!!!,"Absolutely fantastic location, right on top of all the theatres. 5 minute walk from leicester square and covent garden. Hotel was excellent value for money for such a central location. Double room small but adequate for our needs. Would definitely stay here again!!!!  ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location... Bad accommodation,"Negatives: Very poor room ... 1. Tiny room. 2. No Air conditioner. 3. No fridge. 4. Very noisy due to nearby constructions.  Positives: Excellent location ... 1. Very close to Oxford Street. 2. Nearby theatres, restaurants, shopping stores. 3. Next to British museum. 4. 5 min walking to the underground station. 5. Everyday cleaning.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"We have stopped here a few times over the years and the last 2 years for New years eve, small but warm clean rooms, great location for the landmarks, reasonably priced, nice bar open til late and friendly staff",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girls Weekend Away,"This hotel is in a perfect location for shopping, visiting the theatres and generally having a good time with friends. Although the room was small it was spotlessly clean and had everything you needed for a weekend break. Breakfast was not the best I have ever had but there was plenty of choice. Staff very helpful and friendly. Only downside was wait for lifts which was awful. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The hotel is in an excellent location a few minutes from Tottenham Court Road underground station and very close to the shops and theatre land. There was a lot of building work going on at present at reception but the staff response was quick and very welcoming. Our only complaint was the size of our room which was small but we did manage to upgrade to a room with extra space. The price was very reasonable for London and whilst breakfast could be had in the hotel but was charged separately,, it was easier and cheaper to go to an excellent shop next door to the hotel. But all in all it was good value and very central.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A decent place to stay,My wife and I stayed at the St Giles last November on a visit to London.The checking in process took two minutes and we were in our room unpacking 5 minutes later.The concierge gave us very good advice on how to get to where we wanted to visit by walking instead of using public transport.The breakfast were very good and the bar food served in the evenings was also quite good.If your ever on a visit to London give the St Giles a try its situated near the West End.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Stayed here again, and hope to again.","Once again we stayed at this hotel on a trip to London, it is very central within walking distant to Dominion Theatre and Oxford Street Shopping centre, also to other places to visit like St Pauls Cathedral etc. Covent Garden and the British Museum are within a 10-minute walk away. The room was very clean and nice quite adequate for our needs as we only slept and showered in it. Breakfast was included and the choice was very good catering for all tastes . There is a fitness centre and an indoor pool and a bar. We cannot fault this hotel for location and value for central London.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for theatre goers,"The hotel is very centrally located, and both theaters and lots of tourist sites (British Museum, Trafalgar Square ...) are within walking distance. At the moment the entrance is being refurbished, which may make it a bit stressy for the staff; there's a helpful person trying to direct you to a receptionist who's available, but the receptionists are quite ""cool"" (to state it mildly). The rooms are quite small, but this is not so unusual in London; they are reasonably priced for London standards. Breakfast is quite ok, but the restaurant is much too small for all the people residing here; result is that you may have to wait to find a table or get ushered out as quickly as possible after finishing your breakfast. Can get quite noisy at night with groups going back to their rooms…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great,"Having been told about renovations, we were sceptical about our stay at the hotel. However despite the minor disruptions the staff were very accommodating and friendly. The consierge was truly the most helpful person I've met. The room was nice, with great views of London and a small Lounge area. The beds were comfortable and bathroom was clean and modern looking albeit a bit small. There was a fridge and two Tv's. there were extra blankets and pillows for use if needed which was nice as there's never enough pillows at hotels in my opinion! The hotel was right beside Soho and near china town so the local amenities were amazing. All in all a wonderful weekend.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight in London ,Stayed here for one night. Good location but room small and noisy with oxford street being close by. Bed was really uncomfortable too. Good basic hotel which was really busy. Didn't eat here so not sure on the quality. If you want a central location than this hotel is good for that. Don't know if I would come back here as I might go for a bit more luxury.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,central location ,"I have stayed in this hotel twice and am actually booked in again to go in February 2017. The location is perfect for shopping and transport. Tottenham Court Road is buzzing with wonderful shops and restaurants. The hotel is full of lovely staff, very friendly. The standard rooms arent enormous but they are equipped with everything needed and they are spotless, which is all I look for. Full bath and shower and everything is spot on. The breakfast is vast, so much to choose from and its a great start to the day, here's a tip though, the cues are long so get there as early as possible. I have booked again because I enjoyed my time, the place is clean and its very reasonably priced especially for the good location. Give it a try.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, spartan room","Stayed on the first floor in the east side annex, some sort of massive humidity problem in the corridor with a terrible smell due to it, it partly carried over to the room. No existing ventilation & a very spartan room in general. All of it weighed up by its great location & a very affordable price. The staff was extremely friendly & helpful",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another lovely stay,"Well, the wife and myself decided to return to the St Giles for our Birthdays. Once again, everything was perfect. There was some building work going on in the reception area but was no inconvenience to anyone. Was upgraded to executive room which was  lovely. Breakfast was again super and we dined one night in the VQ restaurant which is open 24 hours. Lovely meal at reasonable price considering Central London location. Check in / out was simple and the staff always have a smile and nothing is too much trouble. Can't wait for our next trip to London. It will certainly be the St Giles for us.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay for west end function,"This hotel has a fab location, room was good, has a nice bar, staff were great apart from a huge breakdown in communications between the receptionist and the concierge which was close to wrecking our arranged evening !!!! I asked reception if I could book a taxi for an hour later she politely said no need sir as the concierge only needs five minute notice, later I asked the concierge to order a taxi he replied he could not as he could not leave his desk !!!! I had to flag one down myself in the rain which took 30 minutes and I went to a function late & wet !!!!",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average London hotel,"Average London hotel. Ok room for London (they are on the small side, to be nice). Found it really weird that you buy a wifi code in the snacksmachine in corridor. Cash-based portier-service with handwritten ""receipts"" - what is that?  Portier worked rather hard to discourage us from ordering a taxi to airport, while colleague could do it ""cheaper"". Odd.  The building is nice, the Italian in-house restaurant also. Short walk to Oxford st. Had a nice enough stay. Could stay again, but might not.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,This is a hotel with a great location. All the shops are nearby. The rooms are average and there's carpet on the floor. The room wasn't noisy.The breakfast is very good. All that you want was available.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location.,The hotel is located 50 meters from Oxford Street and the Metro station. Fantastic location. The hotel served a rich English breakfast. The rooms and bathrooms clean. Staff are professional and courteous. Internet at the lobby for a fee. The price is not cheap but it is recommended.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,best location,"Great location in central London,working on reception and foyer.....rooms need refurbishment.Would recommend hotel for location...staff very helpful and informative....bar area lively at night....stayed for two nights and enjoyed it",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theater and casino trip,"Spent 3 nights here in early January. Hotel is in an exellent location just off totenham Ct road less than a minute from Oxford St. !0 mins walk to the Shafstburu theatre, 15 to the Hippodrome casino and took 30 mins to walk to the London eye via trafalger square. Room was on the small side but not unexpected for central London. Spotlessly clean and all you need for  a couple of nights. breakfast was included in my deal but was priced at £9.50 as far as I could see. it was a good selection buffet with plenty of choice for both cooked and continental and unlimited tea & coffee. Check in and check out were both quick and easy, I would happily stay here again on my next visit to the city.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Executive single room,I stayed at 10th floor. In this executive single room No 1041. Great quiet room and bathroom. Good view. Bathrobe and mixer in the sink. Surprise: free breakfast during Xmas period.. Until the 31st dec. Definetely coming back again. ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for good money!,"We have been there with my friend for 5 nights. The hotel is quite big, nothing special but with good cleaning ladies and 100% in great location, very near to Oxford street.  The thing what I hated was the Wifi connection. Because I had to work during evening at least a little bit. I bought some code for 15 pounds I connected my mobile and friend of mine did it too. But after that, I couldn't connect with my laptop because only two people could connected on one account. So I had to buy it another one....   Please do it something with that, it's year 2017 everyone want wifi on all devices without extra paying etc.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break in London,"Having read other comments on Trip Advisor about this hotel we knew the rooms were going to be on the short side! However they were quite adequate to ones needs, clean and warm. The location is excellent for central London with the tube virtually on the doorstep.  We didn't have breakfast - but there are numerous eateries within easy walking distance. The hotel is not the Ritz - but then neither are the charges. Quite reasonable for its locatin.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Found this hotel to be a real gem after recently visiting London, although the rooms were a little on the small side, it was very clean , warm and comfortable. The staff on reception were very courteous and professional, also staff on the concierge desk were friendly and informative. Breakfast was plenty and fresh. The location is in a good place to visit all the main sights if required. I would definitely recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not the best,"You get what you pay for and that is true! But my god for £89 would expect a little bit better. The room was very small and needs a refurb, Bathroom tiny and not cleaned to a good standard. Hole in wall under dressing table, Smelt quiet damp. Room 1036. On checking out of my room i left a shirt in the wardrobe, I realised this 4 hours later so i called the hotel they called me back to say no shirt was hanging up in the wardrobe which is very hard to believe as housekeeping have to go into the wardrobe to replace your fresh towels!!!! So for £89 hotel which has now cost me £169 which was the value with shirt stolen",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two night weekend stay - friends jolly,"Decided to stay in london on a short two night break rather than breaking our necks with the trains etc when visiting to watch a show, by staying over we managed to cram so much more into the trip for very little expense - this was booked the day before travelling up so we weren't expecting too much for our money or to get anywhere very central - frankly I couldn't have picked better! All staff we spoke to/saw were extremely pleasant (i even heard a staff member welcome a guest back to the hotel and wish him a happy new year when she was passing him in the corridor - which i thought was an extremely nice touch for such a large hotel). Arrived approx 9/10 pm and room was clean and ready - had booked a twin room and on arrival found this to be a double bed and a drop down single…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday present..,"My wife booked this stay at St.Giles Hotel as a birthday surprise with a theatre package. Great location with Tottenham Court Road round the corner and easy reach to all the theatres , bars and restaurants. Big clean, and busy hotel. Breakfast was very good.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shopping trip,"Went to London with my younger sister to do some shopping. So we didn't stay at the hotel very much but it is a great location if you are just shopping at Oxford street.   Went to the bar quite often its a nice one! The room was very warm in a bad way and no Air conditioning.. But we are from Iceland so maybe it doesn't count hehe.   The traffic to the elevators is very busy and you always have to wait, we were on the 9th or 7th floor if I remember correct. Once we got stuck in it and we were just told to wait, we weren't stressed at all but when we got down none of the staff asked if we were ok or even looked at us, which I fund weird but not that bothered at all. I was about to ask for a room on the second or the third floor just so we could skip the elevators and walk. Dont…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central & does the job ,"We booked the St Giles for an overnight stay as part of a theatre ticket package.  Centrally located, an average hotel that does the job. The bedroom was clean and tidy, the buffet breakfast cooked to a good standard. The queue for the lifts was a bit painful at times. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient hotel for Oxford Street shopping and west end !,"I have stayed here a couple of times when visiting the Dominion Theatre which is literally five minutes away also same distance to Tottenham Court road tube station so handy for shopping,  The first time I stayed at this hotel I stayed in a standard room with breakfast which was nice because you could help yourself to what you like,  The last time just before Christmas I stayed in a deluxe room which meant you ate your breakfast in a different area of the hotel  and were served at the table from a fixed menu, the breakfast was not huge ,and there is no option for more unless you paid extra! so if I stay again it will be in a standard room ,much better breakfast !!  Overall a comfortable and convenient hotel for a reasonable price for London I think, also a casino ajoining ,if…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central convenient and functional,"I stayed here for a business meeting. The room was clean, bed comfortable and everything worked.  Location great for the west end, Dominion theatre, Oxford Street, Covent Garden all within walking distance.  Plenty of great breakfast places close by although there are eating facilities and a bar downstairs which I didn't use. There was noise from the street and from fellow guests in the corridors - (which are narrow and warren-like).  I wouldn't have liked to have stayed on higher floors if I was physically disabled in any way as emergency exits and stairs were steep and narrow. Good value for central London.  ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central but with problems ,"Early check in allowed by very friendly reception staff. Hotel conveniently located next to Tottenham Court Road tube station. Room allocated to 253 had issues.   Bedroom window could not be closed despite informing reception staff at 11:30 just after check in. At 23:00 after returning from busy day out, bedroom window was still fully broken. Sound, noise and cold wind came into the room all night long. Room small but adequate size for city hotel. Main bedroom door lock from inside not working. Toilet door lock not working, either. Bed mattress old with springs poking through mattress various places. Bathroom small and dated. Sink cracked, shower leaked over the floor. Shower wall fitting broken. Tea, coffee and kettle provided in the room was very welcome. We would not stay at…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Little Gem in London,A very comfortable little gem in London. The location is wonderful for the food lovers visiting London. The room is not that large but very well kept and clean. Many staff in this lovely hotel can speak Romanian and English of course!,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ticked all my boxes,"Stayed here for a couple of nights before Christmas as we had been given theatre tickets for a present.  Our room was what might be called 'compact' however it had everything we needed for a short break, including tea-making facilities, and was comfortable and spotlessly clean.  The reception staff were extremely polite and friendly and we felt very welcome.  We did not use the restaurant on this occasion so cannot comment in this respect.  The hotel's locality is excellent for the West End and the British Museum, and is well placed for bus and underground travel.  We would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great affordable central hotel,"We couldn't of asked for a better hotel.   I know London reasonably well, but was looking for a central hotel for my wife and I to stay on the run up to Christmas to shop and go to the theatre.   Hotel is literally minutes from Oxford street, and a ten min walk to Leicester Square and Covent Garden with easy access to the tube network, although we only used it once our whole trip. It's a 15min walk from Euston making it ideal for anyone come into the station.   The reception staff were helpful and seemed genuinely happy to help. It was the first time we had been to London together in a while so we were quite happy to be there. Guy on reception was amazing and upgraded us to an executive room, which was stunning! The views across the city are amazing. We were stunned but well…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small Room but Adequate,"My wife and I like to spend a night away in London between Christmas and New Year.  This year we booked into St Giles hotel which is really quite well located being very close to Tottenham Court Road Tube Station at one end of Oxford street and within easy walking distance of Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Art and Portrait Galleries. The hotel is quite large but we did not experience any noises within the hotel nor the road as it was just off the main thoroughfare. We were welcomed by friendly staff both at reception and from the concierges.  As we were only staying one night and we had a luncheon date on the day we left, we did not use any of the hotel restaurants or other facilities so we cannot comment on those. The room was small but adequate for our purposes as we only…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Poor Hotel","The location is just perfect! Just a few minutes from Oxford Str, Soho Str and theaters. Good Breakfast. But with 118 euros per night..... and No minibar? not even a water for welcome. No room service. No free Wi-fi. Small room, too small bathroom without bathroom amenities. Urgently needs renovation.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,something good something bad,"I stayed in this hotel for a 3 nights. It is good located right next to Tottenham court tube station, from where it is easy go anywhere around London. It is also close to Oxford street and British museum.  I booked Executive Double room since standard rooms did not have a fridge I needed, and got very nice room, spacious with double bed and nice and fresh bathroom. All was clean warm and cozy. But to get there from reception it took me 20 minutes!!! There is 4 old elevators going to 11th floor, but room was situated on 13th (roof floor) and there is no chance to find it either using the staircase or another small elevator which is supposed to lead to the top floor. After a long journey, I was very angry but also terrified. I eventually found a room using fire escape and carrying…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A good ""no thrills"" hotel","Stayed here for two nights while visiting friends. The best part about this hotel is its location with the tube a few minutes walk away and there are plenty of cafes and shops nearby. The next best thing are the staff who are friendly and always seem keen to assist you.  My room was on the small side but it was clearly functional and comfortable. However, the walls were a little on the thin side so I did wake up hearing my neighbours having a coughing fit. My only other gripe would be paying for wifi which turned into an obstacle - you either had to purchase a voucher from a vending machine on one of the floors and as I I didn't have change, I had to go back down to reception to get some as the machine doesn't accept notes. Or you could sign up online which meant completing a…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice stay, excellent location. ","My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for New years. It is a brilliant hotel which offers some great services, including a casino, a leisure centre, a great bar and 24hr cafe. All the communal areas were exceptional clean and the staff were very helpful. However after paying for an executive double room we expected a little bit more space within the room. It was quite small but suited our needs. The only downfalls include the checkout, it was a very busy morning and the reception seemed to be understaffed as the line took forever to check out. Also there is no room service, this is something which could definitely improve the hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine for a shopping trip to London,"The location of this hotel is the winning point for me. Rooms are clean but small.Some rooms have bad ventilation. Check-in can take a little longer than desired at times. Swimming pool facility is nice. If you're planning a jam packed itinerary and only want a place to sleep, this hotel in my opinion is the place to stay if the price is right.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent basic hotel,"Arrived news years eve very efficient checking in,  all completed within 5 minutes,  room on 6th floor,  small but very clean,  and quiet  Small shower room  Loads of sockets  Disappointed you had to pay for Wi-Fi,  so did not use  Breakfast was excellent and included in our rate,  buffet style good choices and plentiful",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good for the price, but not amazing.","The 3 1/2 stars that this currently has is very accurate, my room was clean and comfortable, but not luxurious. You have to pay for Wi-Fi, breakfast is not included, and there are no toiletries in the room, just one soap dispenser built into the wall. However, for the price that I got my room for this was very manageable and appropriate. The walls were a little thin and I did have some sound issues one night, but that was the only real complaint. The space was clean and the bed was quite comfortable. Very much recommend it if you are looking for a low-priced accommodation. The location is very convenient to touring a lot of areas, easy subway and bus access.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In the very heart of London,"This hotel was excellent. Our room was on the fourth floor with a sideway's view of Tottenham Court rd. Myself and my cousin were sharing a twin room, ok the rooms are a wee bit small, but who is going to London to actually spend time in their room?! the beds were comfy, the room was spotless, sheets changed everyday, bathroom was spotless with plenty of clean towels. We had breakfast included in the rate and it was excellent- hot stuff sausages, bacon, eggs etc. as well as cold items and juices, tea/coffee- as much as you like and very nice to set you up for the day. The only real thing that lets this hotel down is the lack of free wife! Its £5 for 24hrs wifi code, which over the four days we were there added up between us! But other than that it was great- thirty seconds walk…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Situated perfectly,"A great hotel perfectly placed for a theatre shopping trip last December. Comfortable beds,good breakfast & a clean room. The lift was a little slow, so mainly used the stairs. Not far from the tube station, ideal for Oxford St,China Town and Covent Garden.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Always brilliant ,"I always enjoy staying at St. Giles. The rooms are clean and if you have any problems they are dealt with quickly . Friendly staff , friendly service and very approachable . I'd recommend it too every one . Came down for a thirtieth birthday party from Nottingham .   ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disgusting hotel,"We chose St Giles because it was recommended to us by a friend. We no longer trust that friend's recommendations.  This is by far the worst hotel I have been in. Here are some reasons (but not all) why:  - The room was disgusting even though we had to wait until 4pm to be able to check in before we could check in because ""housekeeping was cleaning the room"". Some examples: dust everywhere, hair on the pillow (see pics), hair in the bathroom, hair and unidentified substances in the sink - There was a horrible smell akin to that of a decaying rat in the room. If you are not travelling solo, it's a good time to have a bet on who's going to throw up first because you can be sure someone will throw up at one point. We even started dreading taking showers and brushing our teeth as…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Easy to find, easy on the pocket, close to tube and pubs/restaurants - not a bad choice at all","Stayed six nights - rather small but quite functional room - and felt that for what we were getting, which was clean, comfortable, and affordable, in a convenient location within reasonable walking distance (and even easier by tube) of many tourist sites - it was a great choice.  We  decided to have breakfast elsewhere as it was a bit high at St. Giles for our breakfasts  (we chose the Cafe Rouge close by, which has a great deal/discount for repeat customers).  Easy check-in/check-out, and very close to the Tottenham Court tube station.   There is a lot of construction going on in the area, but we did not hear any noise.  The new construction may, however, eventually detract from the views towards the Thames from the upper floors.   But you are not really at the St. Giles to…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Unclean/didn't care,"Room wasn't clean, toilet wasn't clean and turned out it was blocked. When staff alerted couldn't care less.  On arrival weren't told about breakfast options/gym etc. Noisy room, woken at 5am by outside noise. Wouldn't recommend.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,a nice solution for a short break in London,"Fantastic location right in the centre of London only few metres from Theatre district, covent garden and Piccadilly circus. Rooms are small but ok for short periods. Breakfast is not bad. Only problem with this hotels are the elevators as they can be very slow (only 6 elevators for more than 700 rooms). I would recomend this hotel and definitely i will stay here again",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Booked this for an overnight Christmas stay. The best thing about this hotel is the location, right at the corner of Oxford street with easy access to public transport. Room was a good size and clean. Bed comfy however, the pillows were lumpy and uncomfortable. Breakfast was good with lots of choice but better to get in the overnight deal rather than pay seperately! Overall a good hotel with happy, helpful staff.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Everything is broken and concierges were rude,"Checked in to our first room, had a terribly strong cologne smell like the previous guests put on just before they left. We tolerated for an hour with window wide opened and the smell didn't even ease out. The door won't shut half the time, room was dark and filthy. The bathroom light doesn't work.  And when we came back after the 1 hour ventilation we discovered a strong cigarette smell in the corridor. That did it for us and we complained to the reception for a room change.  The reception staffs were friendly but the concierge was rude and did not believe us. Then we got our 2nd room, which was brighter and slightly better without the odour, but the shower head hanger was broken, and the shower tub was completely clogged up at 1am, room manager told us there's nothing they…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Work overnight,Booked as extremely good price and it was just over a 10 minute walk to Leicester Square area for work. Again I found this hotel to be a good value single room. Room very small but well appointed as well as the position. The rate I had included Breakfast which was more than adequate. I will definitely be trying to use this property on a regular basis due to the price/position/cleanliness.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is the only thing going for it!,Visited this hotel for the Christmas period.  Yes it is in a great location but that is all.  Our room was so small you couldn't swing a cat in it.  The bed was a four foot bed only suitable for a single person not a six foot 2 man and myself! The shower kept filling with water so I had to try and unplug it with my foot. The hairdryer overheated if you used it for more than 5 minutes.  Our room was not cleaned for 2 days- no towels changed even! I reported this to reception and they did send someone so that was fine.  Breakfast was fine however.  The bar and swimming pool were closed for Christmas Day and Boxing Day despite the hotel being full! Not a good experience at all.,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The bed was soooo so comfortable,"I stayed in this hotel from 9-12 december, 3 nights. The hotel was really nice, the position was perfect, you could reach every angle of london from there. TOP  The room was small but clean, the black bathroom also. I hate the thing that the internet wasn't free but you had to pay 5 £ for 24 h. The breakfast had a hugeee choice of food. Everything.  4 stars just for the internet.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location ","From the outside the hotel doesn't look much, if anything it looks a bit disappointing. However, needless to say the service was spectacular. We arrived early morning, and didn't fancy leaving our belongings in the car all day so a quick call to the hotel meant we were kindly allowed to leaving our belongings with the concierge service as well as this we were granted with an early check in. To our delight we were told that we had been upgraded to two executive suites within the hotel and were receiving a free breakfast each. The decor within the hotel and the rooms were both dated, and could be due an upgrade to make it a touch more modern however it does add character to the building. The room was quite small to say it was an executive suite, barely any room to walk around the…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mr,Breakfast time un organised and by the time you start at Q your food is stone cold. Why cant hotels serve a decent cup of coffee. It was awfull. If it was the last room to stay in I dont think I would.,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to every thing,"The hotel is close to Oxford and the tube, walking distance to most areas in Soho, very convent. The rooms are clean but small. The hotel has very friendly staff. The hotel charges for internet. Excellent value for money.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is just about the price,"I stayed in this hotel for the first time and promised myself never to go back. The location is good which is why I still give it 2 stars but everything else is not worth mentioning. The staff at the reception needed ages to print out an invoice as if they never did it before, the lifts have a horrible and intense urine smell and the rooms are superficially clean but this is about it. The rooms do not have WiFi so you have to pay 5 GBP a day to have Internet access which nowadays is a bit of a rip off. I do know that hotels in London are in general expensive but consider to spend a little bit more money and stay somewhere else so you can enjoy your trip.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"Not a luxury hotel , but definitely a very good place to stay. Located 3 minutes by walk from Oxford street and the tube station. Every thing is very clean . We were staying in the deluxe room and we got a very nice and warm room. The stuff always there to help in everything - they do the best to let you feel comfortable. For the price we paid we couldn't find no other place like the St Giles hotel Next time in London , we will definitely take the same hotel.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,afordable central hotel,for people visiting London on a short stay. this place is convenient.the room are.. small but clean and confortable. it within reasonable distance to main attraction and transport . the price is reasonable . we did not eat there. we took a room with 2 bed and my daughter was in a room with with her husband and two kids of 15 months and 5 yrsold . I would go back if opportunity arise,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap & cheerful single room,"Stopped here as a last minute £75 for the night to watch Harry Potter & The cursed child.  Booked due to close proximity of the theatre & I couldn't fault it.  Checked in before usual check in time, The room was tiny but was neat, tidy & compact and for me it was perfect & had everything that you could need.  For a 3 star hotel It was fine, for being a base to relax & bring your shopping back to & put your feet up for 5 mins.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,The good lady and I stayed here for one night recently. Reception staff friendly and booked us in swiftly. Given swipe card and book of discount vouchers. The room was a double and appeared to overlook the rear of the hotel. It was not the biggest room we have ever stayed in. If you suffered from claustrophobia then the bathroom would be a no go area. Had breakfast at VQ. This is a cafe that is part of the complex. We had a voucher for this in our book but were told that the discount had been applied because we were staying at the hotel. I ordered the full Englis. It was plentiful but not exactly piping hot. We appeared to pay the price in the menu....no discount. This hotel is conveniently positioned just off Oxford St and considering the location is reasonably priced. You get…,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,'A Busy Hotel',"If you want a very busy and reasonably priced hotel in the middle of London the St Giles Hotel is a very good option.  Our visit was a week or so before Christmas and the streets were very busy.  Each time we enter the hotel it felt as though everyone outside has followed us inside. We queued for just about everything but we got there in the end and the service was generally welcoming and quick.  We were with a group of people and we had all chosen different tariffs to pay - we were in what was described as an executive suite. Our room was spacious, clean and reasonably comfortable - our friends were less polite about their accommodation that was described by them as 'very small and hardly big enough to swing a cat'!  If you are going to book a room it is worth talking to the…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break,"Stayed for two nights and although not luxurious was good, rooms were small but spotlessly clean with all amenities such as kettle, hair dryer, toiletries and great shower.  Staff were very pleasant and helpful when asked questions, buffet breakfast was what you expect for a buffet breakfast but was very busy first morning with fifteen minute wait to get seated.  Location is amazing within two minute walk of Tottenham Court Road tube station with quick links on Northern Line to Euston or Waterloo stations, also close to Oxford Street shops.  Will use again if we come back to London.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not coming back a second time,"There was a bad smell in our room when we arrived. Fortunately that disappeared to the next day.Could have been that there was a big wet spot on the carpet. The carpet was very unclean. The room had no blinds to roll down the window and no curtains. Only a sort of venetian blinds so it was not possible to get it that dark when going to sleep. There were no closet in the room, only open shelves. The bed did not have a duvet cover, only a top bed sheet. There were often a very long wait for the lifts. There were four lifts, but we often had to wait several minutes for a lift. When leaving the hotel we waited for more than five minutes for the lift. It is a really bad thing that they charge extra for wifi, 5 pounds per 24 hours. (can be bought in the vending machines at the hotel).…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for Shopping: Oxford Street & Tottenham,"If you want a competitively priced hotel in the heart of London, then look no further than St Giles.   Located less than 5 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube, theatres, and Oxford Street; surrounded by the convenience of shops, bars and restaurants, this international hotel is the perfect choice if you are visiting London for pleasure or business.  Rooms are clean, beds are comfortable, staff are welcoming and friendly. Breakfast is buffet style and plentiful.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay here again,"We had very little interaction with the staff, however, they all seemed pleasant, so this review isn't a reflection on them.  My sister and I stayed here for 2 nights and it was probably the worst hotel we've stayed in.  At first glance, it seemed great.  The reception area is nice and the man on the door was very friendly.  Firstly, do not book this hotel if you are claustrophobic!  It's all very enclosed, the corridors are so narrow and the lack of air in the hotel is stifling - which brings me to my next point...  The hotel is BOILING.  The lifts/corridors are so stuffy and our room was just awful.  We couldn't breathe and opening the window did little good.  There is no air conditioning.  We found a little fan in the cupboard, however, breathing in the stale air was even…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,shortvvisit to the capital,"Had an overnight stop at this hotel. There was a meet and greet lady as we stood in the queue waiting to check in. We had a room on 8th floor, and it was in a quiet location, and we didn't get the usual road noise that we have experienced when staying here.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel ,Pros  Fantastic Hotel Great location  Great rooms  Outstanding price paid Right by tube & Oxford street  Large hotel  Good customer service  Daily cleaning Polite staff  Nice  beds   Cons  Don't provide flannels / sponge   I was really impressed with this hotel and must say it offers the whole package. Late check outs on Sundays available. Easy check in. Nice rooms. STRONGLY RECOMEND,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average at best,Stayed for 2 nights. Very small room and shower. Very noisy room but did have a fan so you could keep window closed. Convenient for all attractions which is the best point. Breakfast was like a school canteen and not good. Windows had blinds that failed to keep light out. Overall ok for a short stay but not for any longer. Sort out the breakfast fiasco and it would be better. ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel great location,"This is my 3rd stay here now,brilliant location not far from Oxford St shops and right by Tottenham court road tube station. My room was clean and comfortable and very reasonably priced. Definitely recommend",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fawlty Towers,"Wow... this is a place like no other I have stayed in. Very dated rooms, no free wifi and a bathroom to can touch both walls with your arms. Two single beds and the smallest tele. This is an ok place to stay if you are literally not going to be there. Reception staff were very helpful and polite. Couldn't fault them. Concierge acted as though asking them a question was a hardship and the lifts smelt of wee, were rickerty and slow, so very slow. There is no information in the rooms to inform you there is no free wifi and no telephone to ring reception and ask. Breakfast is like a cattle market and queues.   I think if you are looking for somewhere just to leave your bags then stay. It's right next to oxford street and Leicester square.   I wouldn't stop again here. ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Can't fault it...location, location","We had 2 twin rooms booked and arrived at 9am. 1 room was already ready so we were able to leave our bags. There was a concierge however so we could have left the luggage there if needed.  Rooms were small and cosy but adequate for a short stay. Very clean with tea and coffee making facilities hair dryer. Rooms were very quiet....fab double glazing! Location was perfect and within walking distance of lots of the main areas. 2 minutes walk from dominion theatre and Soho. 10 mins to Covent Garden.  Breakfast was from 0630-1030, and we came down at 0930 and got a table straight away. Lots of choice...toast and croissants, cereals, lovely coffee machines, hot buffet also. All very tasty. We paid £54 each for B&B which for the location and facilities is amazing for London.  Would…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best of the Best,"Every year we go and never disapointed. Very clean and the service is amazing. The Staff are really great and they speak multi languages. A must go hotel and PS. It's located round the corner with Oxford stree, PERFECT FOR SHOPPING! Keep it up and see you in January :)",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location,"This hotel is perfectly situated at the end of Oxford Street, on the Tottenham Court Road junction and is within walking distance of all attractions; Oxford St, Regent St, Covent Garden, Westminister, Big Ben and much more.  The hotel is modern in décor, has a very good bar with bar food.  The rooms are small and compact, but most of our time was spent touring around London and enjoying ourselves.  We didn't spend much time in the room. The reception staff were very helpful, the concierge, a nice touch, was fantastic and knowledgeable. We had a lovely hot breakfast each morning and the breakfast room stayed open until 11am which is a bonus for weary travellers. Another great touch was the designated PC for easy access to printing your boarding passes, free of charge. The wifi in…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Christmas shopping trip,"Ideally located to all public transport; a five minute walk to the nearest train station will take you straight into London Waterloo. Approx twenty minute bus ride to Heathrow airport. Although this is not a luxurious hotel in any way, it suited our purposes and we thought the price we paid was a good deal. The hotel is kept nice and clean. The bedrooms are comfortable enough. Lovely hot showers.  Breakfast average. Most staff we came across were friendly and helpful. The receptionist we came into contact with when we initially arrived at 6am was not at all helpful. We had just arrived from a 15 hour journey with connecting flights from Thailand/ Kuala Lumpar and were desperate for a shower and change of clothes before heading into town to do some Christmas shopping. We were…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's been some time since then ..,"St Giles got a perfect situation coming to where it's located , I love that breakfast and those junk food joints right across the street . Bring a nice chick with you and you have everything served . Nightclubs , restaurants, shopping literally everything ! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"3rd visit to the St Giles & it doesn't disappoint, staff are very friendly & professional. Rooms aren't huge but comfortable with a separate sitting area which is great for doing make up & hair. Bathrooms are clean & functional although some may find shower a light claustrophobic. As the Hotel is on a main road it can be noisy at night & there is building works going on across the road. Most of the shows are within walking distance as is Oxford street.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London.,"We stayed here on a one night stay in London. Great location, a minute or two's walk from Tottenham Court Road Underground station, so it's practically on Oxford street. A five minute walk gets one to Neal's Yard, a most beautiful little square in the Covent Garden area.  The hotel itself is comfortable, and the staff excellent. The reception was friendly, welcoming and efficient.The room we had was comfortable and quiet; we slept well.  We really enjoyed our stay, and look forward to the next time we go to London, now that we've found such a place to stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,Stayed at St Giles as part of a ticket tree package to watch Bodyguard at the Dominion. The location of the Hotel to this theatre is a 5 minute walk. Covent Garden is also walkable. Access from the main train stations is also very convenient via Tottenham Court Road Tube. The check in and check out was very quick. The room is small but adequate for a short visit. The lifts do have an unpleasant smell but I think that is down to the air conditioning rather than anything more sinister. Breakfast was included in the rate and was good albeit the restaurant gives the impression of a transport cafe. The Hudson Bar was okay for a night cap. Would certainly stop here again when visiting London but would be a little nervous that the room quality can be a lottery.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and well located ,3 star. Clean and comfortable. Ideally located for tourist  attractions and 2 minutes from the underground station  that is Tottenham Court Road. Some of the rooms see very small eggs once stayed here and was given a double room that was very small and it's enquire was a shower room.  Which was also very small. Mostly stayed in a twin room which is small but enough to to do what you need to. To avoid the tiniest bathroom request shower pus bath. This hotel can get noisy given its location.  Be aware there is no sir conditioning although a fan is provided and also the windows can only be opened a little. But have stayed here on a number of occasions and you get what you pay for. I like it because of the location  and because it is clean and comfortably.  Never had any trouble…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but rather tired rooms,"I stayed here on a business trip. The location is great as it's only a short walk to Oxford Street,  Leicester Square and the theatre district. I was able to go to the theatre and walk back to the hotel alone feeling quite safe as it's a busy area. The hotel itself is OK but my single room was very small and whilst clean was very tired. However I would stay again as the location was excellent. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant place ,Currently staying in room 1138 and we have had a brilliant 2 nights here . Location is brilliant staff are so helpful and very friendly we had a Deluxe  twin room and got the private breakfast area . The food is lovely and def worth paying extra to be able to use the vq breakfast room. Evening meal in the same restaurant was also lovely . Room was spotless and provided us with everything we needed . It's a brilliant hotel and this is our second time here . Well done to the staff for making our two nights in London perfect  Carly and Lizzie xx ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,1 Night Stay at the St Giles,"My wife & I stayed the 1 night. We got there early to see if we could drop our luggage off until check in to be told a room was already available (bonus). Not the largest of rooms and the bathroom was quite small, but it was clean and tidy and it didn't matter for the 1 night.  Great location near Oxford St and the tubes and next to the British History Museum!  Breakfast was good, always plenty out on offer and being topped off regularly, staff were very friendly and helpful!!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Extremely Happy.,"Stayed last night after booking and pre-paying for a twin room on line via their own website a little while ago.   A little unsure what to expect for such a low price and after reading reviews.  Shared room with a friend who has high standards. We were absolutely delighted with the room, cleanliness in room and public areas, service, amenities and food. Took advantage of their special of a full size Italian pizza and a beer for £7.50 in one of their restaurants before heading off to Ronnie Scott's a few minutes' walk away.  Had breakfast there today and worth every penny.  Have stayed in cheaper and more expensive hotels in London and paid ludicrous prices for breakfast. Hotel full but we heard no noise at all from other guests when in our room, it was as though we were the only…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay at St Giles Hotel,My friend and I stayed overnight in a twin room.  Great location .  Reasonably priced for a standard room.  Got pretty much what we expected;  would visit again.   Only gripe was the position of the bed lamps (and the dust on them).  Didn't use other facilities in the hotel  (had breakfast elsewhere)  so cannot comment. ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Standards have dropped since our last visit in October 2015,"The main problem with our room (166) on the first floor of the east tower was the bathroom. It was very tired looking & not overly clean. The toilet bowl below the water line was heavy stained, the sealant around the edge of the bath was black with mildew, there was also an enromous chip in the bath. The shower control that alters the water flow from the taps to the shower head came off in my hand every time I used it. A good hotel housekeeper should be aware of the cleanliness issues at least. We reported all the issues to reception upon checking out & were offered a sincere apology & a 5% discount if we were to ever visit again. Apparently our room is due for refurbishment soon. Not noticeable until we switched the lights to go to sleep did we notice a strange noise eminating…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Used this hotel as it was the ideal location for our plans.  Checked in very late, which we phoned them up to pre-warn and was not an issue.  Service desk and concierge were very helpful.  Bedroom small but comfortable and clean, had all we need, comfy beds and not too hot in the room!.  We never had breakfast booked as we had to leave early, so can't comment on the food.  Would stay again if in the area.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal no frills at the heart of things,"We love using this hotel for visits to theatreland. Latest visit was via Avios to keep the costs down. It's reasonable, easy to find, quick to register. Rooms aren't fancy but then it's not a destination, it's a place to kip! The breakfast buffet is easy to negotiate, comprehensive and well cooked, with a good choice of spots to sit in.  The arrangement with the YMCA facilities next door is fantastic; an extra £5 to use a top of the range pool, superb gym etc A real highlight of our stay. Then off round the corner to the British Museum - perfect!",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasurable stay,"Had an issue with our original room , handled very professionally and with great personal care. Ended up being upgraded without extra charge . Staff amazingly helpful and nothing was any trouble for us The concierges were very helpful and friendly especially the Chris s !!! Booked again for a few weeks time as so impressed thank you . Bringing my partner for his birthday !!!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't go back!!!,I wouldn't go back to this hotel. Water was dripping badly through both lights in the bathroom. This is obviously VERY dangerous and could of caused some serious injuries. When I told the reception staff she sniggered and said thanks for telling me. No sorry or anything!,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,XMAS LIGHTS TRIP,"Room a little small, and dated. The bed not as good as a Premier Inn. The tv average size( small),bathroom ok. The housekeeping knocking on the door at 8am to clean the room not happy. We stayed for one night, this was so we could see the christmas lights at night around London. The positive for the Giles was the location. Also the staff that greeted you on arrival.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central,"Good place to stay in the heart of the city with easy walks to the strand, Trafalgar Square, theatres, restaurants & shopping! Clean good size rooms. Restaurant & bar. Friendly reception on arrival and helpful. Plenty of lifts to all floors. Good for business guests with desk area separate from bedroom to carry out any business you need to carry out. Tea /coffee supplied in rooms.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very poor,"My partner and I had booked this for a romantic weekend away from the kids. We had booked High Tea at Fortnum and Mason (which was spectacular) and saw Phantom of the Opera on our second night. I upgraded to a Deluxe room in which no bath towels were provided, only hand towels. The bedroom was tiny and had only one bedside table. The amount of hanging space for our clothes was miniscule and there were no drawers. As usual with most hotels there was insufficient tea and coffee, no biscuits at all and not even a spoon - just a pathetic little plastic stirrer. If this is what they consider ""deluxe"" I would hate to have seen what a standard room was like. The hotel served it's purpose but only in so far as it was a warm dry place to sleep. I will definitely NOT be staying there…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,December fun,This is a great spot for London cheap for its central location clean and terrific staff. It is a extremely functional place to stay Tottenham Court Road Tube Station is really near so the whole of London is available.  The staff in this hotel are really terrific and always helpful.  Breakfast is good and sets you up for the day.  ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London,"We stayed at the St Giles when in London for business and took in a show, we had an exec double room and were impressed with everything except the breakfast.Check in and staff were very good,the room was on the 11 floor looking out over London.We arrived at lunchtime and checked in and dined in the Italian restaurant above the lobby,very good ,pizza and beer for £7.50 an absolute bargain and freshly made,my partner had a chicken dish also very good.The room was comfortable and the bathroom very good,we slept well with no noise whatsoever.Breakfast was included in the price but I would pay rather than eat that again.It was warm at best and as my partner put it we have stayed in £39.95 hotels and had far far superior breakfast,in fact at a restaurant around the corner a full…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2night stay,"Rooms very small. Had to buy decent shampoo. Breakfast time is like a cattle market and it is very difficult to get a table.  Breakfast is ok but you need to like scrambled eggs.  Twin room - two ladies - only given one key card and although we were in a group we were in and out at different times,  difficulty in acquiring an extra card. No biscuits made available.  Needed to ask for replacement bulbs in bathroom which is tiny and was dark with no light. Sorry",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value for Money Hotel,Very well situated hotel within easy walking distance of theatre land. Well maintained with very clean and well appointed rooms. Ideal if you want to visit all the major attractions with Tottenham Court Road tube station very close.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"While the room was small, it was clean and had all the amenities that I needed. The staff are both efficient and helpful. Reception can be very busy so suggest take up their prepay offer. The only problem is that while the initial reservation can be booked by American Express the prepay option does not allow amex. Excellent breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs improving ,We booked this hotel via booking.com as this was a cheap option for a centrally located hotel.   Hotel was easy to find and In a super location right next to oxford street and the theatre district/soho etc   Check in was very slow with large queues however the checkin staff were friendly and accommodated our requests for a room on a high floor.   Unfortunately the hotel is very shabby and In need of a refurbishment. Room was very small with a tiny window which you could hardly see out of. Decor is very dated however the bathroom was very clean and shower was great.   All in all a decent hotel if you are just looking for somewhere to sleep for the night however I wouldn't recommend for a long stay/holiday! ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No sleep hotel,"This hotel is no good if you want to sleep , there was a man on the street banging drums till 1 in the morning   I rang down stairs they said they could do nothing about it because it was outside the hotel , surly the police can move them as they shouldn't be there !!!!!! Queues for breakfast , only one coffee machine working for the whole hotel , we didn't even bother going for breakfast the second day , the rooms wasn't very clean , and very dated rooms ,needs up dating .",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A lovely hotel,Have just returned from a one night stay here. This is the third time we've used this hotel and I was particularly impressed this time.  We had a deluxe room which as surprisingly spacious. It had a very comfortable bed and the double glazing really did block out the hustle and bustle. The shower room could have improved lighting but it's not a biggy. The staff are friendly and smiley. You are able to hold your suitcases eith the concierge forc £1.00 per case. Bargin!  Situated round the corner from the tube station  (Tottenham Court Road ) close to many major tourist attractions. Definitely recommend. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Going downhill,"The location is really good, but that's the only good thing about this hotel. Having stayed there three times now I have decided there will be no fourth - every time the rooms seem to be a bit shabbier, this time my quilt smelt really bad, and some of the personnel are quite frankly not serviceminded at all: having spent about £300 on my stay there, they didn't hesitate to insist on me paying £1 for leaving my bag there after checkout. I wouldn't mind this in general, but the problem was that they, for some unknown reason, didn't accept credit cards for this payment, and I had no cash. But since they totally lacked any sense of service mind they insisted on me going out to find an ATM - all for one b****y pound! Cheapskates!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent customer service,"My partner and I stayed her during rememberence weekend. The location is perfect with oxford street just across the road, and a short walk to Trafalgar Square and Leicester Square. During departure day we found a problem with the room so emailed the hotel who were so apologetic and dealt with the problem right away and even offered us a discounted rate for our next stay. I highly recommended this hotel the staffs customer service skills are just amazing.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,GOOD THEATRE BREAK,"We booked St Giles Hotel for our theatre break weekend, as it was just round the corner from the Dominion Theatre, minutes from Tottenham Court road tube, and Oxford street,and about 15 minute walk to Covent garden. The hotel is a no frills hotel, the room was small, but clean, clean white towels and bedding, a decent sized very recently refurbished bathroom, good shower, lovely hot water, adequate hand/ hair/ body wash, I always take my own conditioner. A kettle with a generous supply of tea coffee and milk was very welcome. The breakfast was good with a varied selection of hot and cold food, cereals and porridge, fruit, yogurt bread rolls etc, fruit juice and coffee and tea, all self service. The hotel bar was comfortable, with a really good atmosphere, average hotel bar…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but WOW the price!","Good job this was a company-financed stay in the capital. How can ANYONE afford to stay here and pay for it out of their own pocket is was beyond me? I suppose it's the location that you pay for. In that respect, this was superb.  Room was typically central London (boxy) and the bathroom was dark and in-fresh, thanks to no ventilation. The view wasn't bad, right up Tottenham Court Rd.  A rather rude awakening by a cleaner on my first day. Yes, the Do Not Disturb sign wasn't there but neither was the Ready To Clean sign, either.  Breakfast was VERY disappointing, considering it was TEN QUID for  self-serve buffet. Coffee was passable but continental choice was processed ham and one type of processed cheese with a few sliced tomatoes.  The full English was an insult. Claggy beans,…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not for the full holiday,"We stayed here for two nights. The room was clean but not really fit for purpose. We found as usual when visiting London to be met by the Beautiful Eastern European receptionist who didn't deviate from her pre prepared script, didn't really know where we came from and explained what she had to do. Not really a welcome but not inviting either. The room once we found it after noticing the very small numbers on the fire exit signs was very small. Too small for two people and especially the shower/toilet. Everything about this hotel was extras, extra for two towels, extra for the pool next door, extra for the sauna, even extra for the centre of the plughole which was glaringly missing. Most importantly the Wi-Fi was extra which in this day is a virtual necessity and was also very…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Close to everything, but..","The advantage of this hotel is the location, near to a main metro station and close to museums, shopping area, theaters, restaurants. The locations is very convenient, the hotel, however, is simple and a bit over priced for what it offers - breakfast cafeteria style, with long lines, and paid Wi-Fi. The receptionists at the front desk are not very friendly, but they do their job. Bedrooms are small, a bit old style, but the bathrooms were renovated, which helps. A convenient place to explore the neighborhood, if you are not very pick about the hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location ,We just back from this hotel. Location wise perfect! You can jump on underground less than 5 min there is few options round. We checked in people on reception was helpful  went to room 6 floor we hade London eye view luckily bedroom was ok not a great deal bathroom was small clean comfortable beds small Tv. Television remote not working battery been leaking so you have to stand up change channels. There is a kettle coffee tea stuff in room. I find it perfect location basic rooms. Would I go back same hotel ? Yeah for the location not for the hotel !,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another great visit,"We use this hotel at least twice every year for weekend breaks in London.  Central location with easy access to all you could want to see in London.  Easy access via tubes, buses ,taxis and walking.   The hotel is clean and friendly.  Rooms are not large but beds are comfortable. We book breakfast as it's convenient to eat in before going out for the day. The self service breakfast offers the usual selection and can get busy at the most popular time of between 9 and 10am.  The bar at night always has a good atmosphere with a good selection of music ever being played.  We favour 60's music and are rarely disappointed -  thanks to Michael the manager.  If you haven't been here before it's worth trying it out.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Budget style rooms and nothing impressive,"Stayed here before and paid for a delux room for my daughter and I. I had wanted to stay at another hotel,we were dining at pre theatre but no availability.  We had room 962, quite small and extremely bad sizing, the bathroom door kept hitting the loo and huge height step from shower to the floor. Water was absolutely scalding and the shower had hardly any shower wash in the container. Could not reduce the temperature of the shower. Tiny offset sitting area wi one tub chair and a table and other chair. TVs in both sections and as this was a birthday treat for my daughter I was hoping for better, the reception staff even mentioned her birthday when checking in so to be put in this room was a bit of a let down.could check out at 11.00 but cleaner knocking the door at 9.10 am abit…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Top notch location, but poor standard","The location of the hotel was one of the best in London if you are going shopping. It's just a few meters from Primark, and you'll easily get access to Oxford Street, which is just around the corner. We walked to all the attractions we needed to see, amongst them the Lyceum theatre where they play ""The Lion King"" (awesome musical btw).  The standard of the hotel was rather bad. The room was very tired, and there was no ventilation, so whenever we took a shower, the room was soaked in damp. When we arrived the room was freezing, because they let the windows open after cleaning. The cleaning was alright though.  The breakfast was good. We had breakfast included, which was on the ground floor. You got to pick from the menu which breakfast you wanted, for instance full english…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very tired, small but cheap","The hotel is very dated, very small room, uncomfortable bed, mainly drunk and load guests. The location is great and at £99 for what was called a double room was pretty good. I stay in London often but I won't staying again. I can't comment on the food as I was not brace enough to eat on site.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor hotel","The good thing- this hotel is really centrally located and is literally walking distance to Tottenham Court Road. Bad things.... the room is tiny and smelt of stale tobacco. There were no curtains, no heating and the hairdryer only had a cold setting. Breakfast was awful. Staff behaved like they were doing us a favour being there. I'm glad this was a corporate booking so I wasn't paying as I would have been asking for my money back! ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but jewellery stolen from my room during my stay,"The location of this hotel is excellent and in general the staff are pleasant.  However, I had a small bag of jewellery stolen during my stay and while the manager and their security staff corresponded with me about this, there was no resolution to the matter and I could not recommend the hotel to anyone as a result.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight Theatre trip,"Quite pleased.  Parking underneath the hotel, £25 for 24 hours, MAKE SURE you get your ticket stamped by concierge when you arrive.  Rooms lovely and clean, and fresh linen, hot water for the bath eventually, make sure you run it for about 15 minutes.  Ate at the Chilli Restaurant, lovely food, huge pizza for the price, and make use of the 20% off voucher you are given when you check it.  Service great.  We slept solidly, after turning off the phones and alarms, was great to have a natural sleep and wake up.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"small rooms, great hospitality",With the same price you are able to get better room within the district.  The internet - you have to buy it aditionally - 24h is 5£. Internet itself is with ok speed.  Rooms are very small - 2x3m or something.  There's a lot of noise coming from the streets - so be aware for that.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rats in the hallway,"The location of this hotel is its sales point, therefore the constant large amount of tourist footfall probably means any intention on upkeep, care or general quality is compromised. The hotel is dated and very very tired in its appearance. The room I stayed in was bijou and that's being generous. The highlight was a rat waving me goodbye as I departed my room as it ran out from underneath the cleaners trolley. Probs would be asking the travel company not to booked me in here when I return to 'the smoke'",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very small rooms,Very small and dated rooms no curtains at the window to keep light out beds are very uncomfortable. The hotel it's self is looking very dated with tape on the floor in hall ways. Very bog standard for the price.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but nothing special,"Like so many other people here have stated, you can not beat this location. You can easily walk down to Covent Gdn, Leicester Sq and Oxford Street. The area around the hotel is currently a building site. From our window, facing the north, we saw and heard construction work from early on in the mornings.   Breakfast was served on different floors, the one that we had pre-booked was on the first floor. On some days there was a queue where we waited for approx. 10 minutes before getting in. And it really does remind you of a school cantine, OK but not cosy or relaxing.   On arrival we were a bit frightened at first as staff in the reception could not find our pre-paid booking. It took a bit of time to sort out. Apparently a guest with a name similar to mine had taken our room…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,14th nov 1 night,Very dated hotel..Rooms tiny and double bed a 4ft 6!!!!...aircon didnt work...restaurants not great...( avoid the Pizza restaurant like the plague!!!)...breakfast buffet discusting..central location and staff friendly...Prefer the covent garden travelodge to this hotel.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Great hotel Lovely clean room and great breakfast. For the size , this hotel is very efficient and well organised  The Hudson bar was a lovely place for a well priced cocktail. Will def return on my next visit to London. Well done to a staff !",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base to vist Central London ,"This the second time I've stayed in this hotel. Funny enough it was in the same room too. Room is kept tidy television was good bathroom quite adequate. We are use this as a base for a visit to London. Tottenham Court road Underground station is literally round the corner, and you are in within walking distance of Oxford Street. I don't rate the breakfasts very much so I went elsewhere for my breakfast and other meals whilst in London.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not very enjoyable,"The room, although clean with comfy bed,was very small and bathroom unacceptably small. Breakfast was like a school canteen with luke warm cooked breakfast and soggy croissants.  Just not very appetising.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"The check in was very quick, the room was very small but we had everything that we needed, everything was clean and the bed was comfortable, although there were four lifts they seemed to take a long time to arrive, the bar was very good as were the cocktails being made there, it was a very comfortable stay and the location was excellent.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel but good location,"Stayed overnight for business. Was rudely awoken early morning by some idiot beeping his car horn. OK, not the hotel's fault but it is in a busy location, so perhaps not best for light sleepers.  The breakfast was buffet style and there aren't enough tables to accommodate everyone.  You have access to the gym but it costs £5.  Room was quite tiny but clean.  Location is great - just off Tottenham Court Road, around the corner from Oxford Street.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!! ,"This is my second time visiting St Giles Hotel, the rooms are very dated but you just cannot beat this hotel for location!   A 1 minute walk to Tottenham Court Tube Station or you can walk straight down to Oxford Street which will take you 5 mins!  When arriving at the hotel, I was greeted by the concierge who took my luggage up to reception which was very helpful. I had a nice and pleasant welcome and checked in, in no time! I had a single room which was very small but perfect for a quick stop over!   Thank you for a pleasant stay! ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It can be hit or miss!,"I have been to this hotel a few times now and have generally found the staff very friendly and efficient but the hotel is just OK!  It is very well located close to a tube station and other popular sites. However on this occasion my husband and I were very disappointed with the so called deluxe room, which had poorly fitting windows which icy cold wind blew through leaving us freezing despite the electric heater.  Also the outside noise was unbearable and eventually at midnight we could tolerate no more of the cold and loud music nearby that we had to move to another room which was very basic.  When we arrived the window was wide open obviously to mask the terrible smell of food which was ingrained into everything in the room including the bedding!  We were so tired by this time…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel and service ,This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel and we will be coming back again. The staff are friendly and will go out of their way to make your stay pleasurable. It's in a great location and has east tube and bus links to all over the city.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for a short London visit,"This was my 4th visit to this hotel, I have gone myself, with younger family, my husband and this time with friends, it is ideally situated for Oxford Street, Covent Garden, theatres and the underground to get anywhere else. The staff were very helpful, we ate both nights in the QV restaurant and I can't praise the lovely Jack enough he really made us feel special. Rooms were smallish but clean and suited our requirements. I know I will be back",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic,Nothing exceptional and a bit expensive. Room very small and noisy. Old moquette and old fourniture on the room - I think it would need to be renovated and/or to be deeply cleaned. Central and easy location near to the British museum. Basic one and not exceptional. Cleaning and quality of rooms to be improved. ,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"One of the worst hotels in London, despite the great location","Beware, my full experience is noted below:- Arrived at the hotel, in a que of people checking in, hotel staff coped really well, 15 staff on the checkin, so a good first impression.. mega polite and helpfull staff  Once checked in that was the start of the bad experience, the staff we checked in with pointed us to a stariway to the 6th floor of 12 floors, and that was because of the lift situation, where litterally dozens of people were in a que for lifts with their cases (there are 4 lifts, but when we were there 1-2 were closed). So we found our room, it was like a single room, staff at reception reported that the 'Standard' room is v basic, and 'Old fashioned',  It was awful, tea and coffe ontop of a wardrobe, and this was the only plug socket of 2 in the room, no plugs or…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,LITERALLY had to step over the rats to get into the place...,"And once through the front door was greeted with the smell of greasy fried food in the lobby. The lobby seemed to be perpetually swamped with people so expect a wait for reception. The staff were friendly enough but understandably frazzled.   On to the 'room' (shoebox) - just gross. The surfaces and furniture were filthy, the shower was covered in mildew, there was mould around the floor in the bathroom and the sink was chipped and marked. The bathroom was no bigger than a cupboard, so small there was no room for a towel rail so they were just heaped on the back of the toilet.   Thought I would try to let some air and light into this stuffy little room to find that the blind was broken and couldn't be opened and the window opened on to the extractors from the restaurant kitchens…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Dreadful ,Dreadful and worse !!!","How is this place allowed to promote itself as an hotel .?  The lifts smell ,the room I had was really small .  However worse was to come ,the bathroom .  Never been in a smaller ""bathroom""   It consisted of a loo with a wall 2 feet from the seat ,a shower cubicle which has the washbasin inside it !never seen that before .  There was no hot water .  Please don't go to this hotel ,it doesn't derive that name   ",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Hotel went above and beyond with our stay, as the wheelchair lift  was not working my mum had to use the staff lift, the staff especially the concierge team were very helpful and made sure my mum was well looked after, taking her to the our room and collecting her from our room when needed. Also the staff were very helpful getting us taxis and making sure we were ok. The staff especially the concierge team were so lovely and very friendly.  Thanks for a fab stay. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay for 2,"We booked here as it is in a good location for access to tube and bus, not far from the theatre where we'd booked to see a show and overall the reviews were quite good. We were not disappointed. Our room was lovely, spotless, ideal for us except for one thing and that was that the radiator was on full and impossible to turn off or even down. There was a thermostat on the radiator and one on the unit but neither worked. The room was stifling hot and we had to leave the window open all night - this was not good because right across the road a building is being erected and work continues through the night! With the window open and the duvet thrown off we managed to sleep. Otherwise, everything was fine. The friendliness of reception staff, concierges et is second to none. The lifts…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but don't expect the Ritz!,"This hotel was booked for me, for a business trip, so I had no choice over my room or where I was staying.   As many other reviews mention, the location is great if you're shopping or visiting the West End. It's easy to find and walking distance from many of the big London attractions. The local area feels safe, and has plenty of nearby amenities - cafes, newsagents etc.  Staff were generally helpful and friendly. We had a problem at check in but this was to do with the booking/payment system and not the fault of the hotel staff, who did deal with it, but I wouldn't say were overly helpful with the situation.  I was given a single room that was incredibly small. Luckily it was just for one night. The room didn't have air conditioning, and with the window open was very noisy.…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, great location and good value for central London","Dont believe everything you read on the web!  After my client booked me in to this hotel and i checked out the reviews I was concerned.  Yes from the outside its a 1960s concrete monstrosity. But inside it is clean, modern and well furnished for a budget hotel.   Although VERY busy check in was quick and wait for the lift never more than 1 minute.  Rooms are not large but bigger than many i have stayed in for twice the price. They are comfortable, clean and well fitted out. The Travelodge round the corner isn't a patch on this place and charges the same.  I didn't eat in the hotel as there are loads of great places within a 2 minute walk. This includes a huge Sainsbury's local supermarket across the road.  ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No longer the place to stay,"A very disappointing stay.  it caters for one night stays and does'nt really care about its visitors.  we had paid extra for a bigger and  better double room.  what we got was two very small ones just about enough room to get out of bed.the other was a corridor with counter top , one small tub chair and a wall television.  when this was switched on the other one in the bedroom came on too. at the end of this corridor room was the toilet and shower.  in order to use the toilet we had to close the door or not sit down.  the shower was alongside this toilet with shower rose so high it was impossible to reach.  the towels were barely adequate and no toiletries at all were provided.  they were on previous occasions.  when we asked for what we had paid for we were told that we had…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel experience,"The only positive was the location. Looks like it hasn't be renovated since the 1970's. There was mould in the bathroom and was very cramped, and even came across a mouse under the bed! Dark and dingy.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value ,"I usually find that when I visit London on business I cannot get into the St Giles. It is always busy. With a tight budget of 150 pounds a night I often end up somewhere less than desirable, especially if I want to be within walking distance of my office. This trip I managed to get an executive room for 135 including breakfast and only booked the night before. Now it is fair to say that even this room was on the small side but with a clean room, flat screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities and a couple of small packets of biscuits - this was some value booking. Breakfast in the adjoining cafe/restaurant was rather good too. Compared to other places in the area, for the same price, this is a palace! No wonder I struggle to get in. The word is out...",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,central hotel,"Had another 5 days at St. Giles, as we do most years. This hotel is situated in the hub of what's happening in central London. % minutes from Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square and Leicester Square .Our room was on the small side but cosy enough with hairdryer, TV and coffee and tea facilities. European or continental breakfast optional.  a very nice restaurant downstairs and a lovely coffee shop on the corner.Just off Tottenham Court Road and 2 minutes from Oxford Street. Well worth a try.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't Read The Reviews!!,"We booked at the St Giles following recommendations from friends and THEN read the reviews. We wish we hadn't because on the advice of the reviews we were not looking forward to it! How wrong we were!!  The executive room we booked was fantastic. The free breakfast was fantastic. The location was fantastic. The price was fantastic.  The previous reviews commented on long queues for the lifts (if they even worked)...we did not find this as being the case.  The previous reviews commented on long queues for breakfast...we did not find this as being the case.  The previous reviews commented on the noise...we did not find this as being the case.  In fact, all of the negative reviews we'd read about, we did not find any evidence of.  Reception staff were polite and friendly. The…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Strange and confusing...,"Myself and two work colleagues stayed here for a week. We normally stay at another budget hotel not far away, but thought we'd try this place given it's great location. If you want to be close to the West End action, this is the location - just not the hotel I'm afraid.   To me (and I don't want to get too out of my depth here) it's main failure is in the architecture. Weird entrance, strange mezzanine levels, terrible lifts and a labyrinth of rooms. I'm pretty good at finding my way around and I got lost at least 3 times.   After getting bored of waiting for the lifts (again), I tried to head to reception via the stairs - only to feel like I was in a multi-story car park totally confused as to where I was - then found I was in the guts of the building looking at a blank…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay!!,"Stayed for 2 nights for theatre trip and meeting up with family.   Our room is good size and lovely shower room.  Convenient, great location, nice bar, various restaurants i.e. Noodle bar, Italian, Asian plus 24 hour VQ diner.  Staff are friendly, efficient, particularly the manager Choakui in the VQ diner/breakfast room.  He packed a breakfast bag for my partner since he was still in bed and missed it.  How thoughtful!!   Will stay again when we are next up this way.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, large hotel, small rooms.","Stayed for just one night at the end of October. The hotel is a little uninspiring, but perfectly acceptable for a short stay, reasonably clean with a comfortable bed. The room is on a small side but has everything you need, so as long as you are not planning on actually spending time in the room too much then it's great. My stay was very much ruined by a fire drill evacuation during the night, really not impressed as it was taking forever to get back inside with only two lifts working and the amount of people returning to their rooms, gave up waiting after 30 minutes, facing the stairs to the 5th floor, not happy! Waiting seems to be the trend at this hotel, waiting for the lifts at all the other times I needed to use them (average wait of 5 - 7 minutes, with people voluntarily…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Great location, 1 minute from Tottenham Court tube. Check in was easy and lifts a reasonable speed. Room was small, but adequate for our needs (you are not going to spend all your time in your room are you?), clean and comfortable. Excellent facilities bar/restaurant/casino. Breakfast was a good selection of hot food was well cooked, nice coffee which you could transfer to a paper cup and take out. Wifi (purchased via code from vending machine) ok; would have preferred to have this included though. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just the Job,Stayed at St Giles as going to see a musical at the Dominion Theatre didn’t realise how close the hotel was so perfect for our stay. Room not the biggest but beds were comfortable and had everything we needed. Heater and air condition unit in the room as needed due to noised when opening the window. Bathroom only had a shower which I prefer wife likes a bath so take this into consideration of booking. Very noisy first thing in the morning and lifts very busy but you would expect this. Didn’t stay for breakfast as prefer eat away from hotel.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Location Location Location Location,"I love this hotel, because the location is superb! Everything is nearby and I think that also the rate is very very good! If in London again, sure I'll book  it again! The breakfast is very good but great idea to have it before than 7.00 a.m. because if not a lot of people so or before than 7.00 or after 9.30.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip,"We booked this hotel for one night in August 2016. This was for my and a friends 30th birthdays. We picked the hotel based on the location, it's a 5 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road station and Oxford Street. The staff were really friendly and left a card in the room wishing us a happy birthday.   The room was small but it was all that we needed for the night and was clean. Some of the communal areas need a little attention as they are a little dated. But overall we had a great stay and a good nights sleep. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Whenever I come to London on business I always book this hotel, central location opposite  Tottenham Court Road station, clean and comfortable bedroom, excellent breakfast, staff very helpful, never had a bad experience here",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible,"This was one of my worst hotel experiences ever, although the hotel was a bit unlucky as well. First, maybe this is standard in the U.K, but the wifi was not included for the guests, and for those dumb enough to forget an power adapter(me), the hotel did not borrow you one. You need to buy it. The room was okay with a standard from the 70s or 80s, the bed a bit hard and the restroom nothing to brag about.   The breakfast was bad. First of all it seemed that the kitchen were poorly planned, as several guests needed to wait a long time before it came bread. Then they were out of everything else, and you waited some more. When the food came the standard  was of poor quality. I decided too skip breakfast, when i took a closer look at it on my plate as i st down.  Not good.  The…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok 3 star standard,"Ordinary standard for a 3 star. I would say middle of the scale. Ok bar with tv monitors, a 24/7 restaurant is very handy for late arrivals. Small rooms but it's very normal. Remember the location is perfect if you want to be in the city center and very close to Carnaby street.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and a comfy stay,"Neat hotel based at to top of Tottenham Court Road, a few min walk from the centre attractions and shopping on Oxford Street, Room was spacious with large comfortable bed, great in room tea and coffee, Quick checkin however my room was not ready at the time but great staff to advise where to check bags and get coffee and food. Breakfast was a standard mass produced mass rush but was adaquate enough for my few day stay.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Appalling stay.,The room was really dirty and there black hairs in the sink. The breakfast was incredibly unhealthy and when I asked if there was any fruit I was directed to a tin which had tinned peaches floating in syrup.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant position for Shaftesbury ave theatres and oxford street,Huge hotel. Very clean and efficiently run.  Some good views across London from various floors. We were on 7th.  A short walk from Tottenham Court Road tube and round the corner from Dominion theatre.  Had a good American style restaurant within its complex.  My only gripe was the chaotic breakfast queues. Having said that the food was good and a very good variety of foods were on offer. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but far too warm!!,We stayed for the 3rd time in St Giles this weekend. Price was okay for a central London hotel - the location is next to none! 3 minutes walk to Oxford Street and 10 mins in to Leicester Square - brilliant! The hotel rooms were exceptionally warm when we woke and the windows do not open far enough to let air in to circulate. The bars and restaurants in the hotel are also great and not overly expensive. Would definitely recommend but would warn people to be prepared for serious heat!,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No heat,No heat for over 24 hours the hotel solution was to wheel in very old portable heater. Not acceptable as a solution demanded a room with heat it is November and not that warm . The shower takes 8 minutes before the water is warm enough not to considered some for of torture. the four elevators take a minimum of 5 minutes to arrive. Guess you get what you pay for and Less.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Graduation 2016,We visited this hotel on 3rd November. Arrived about 8:30pm and were in our room by 8:40pm. Lifts are a pain just press every button and grab the first one. Room was lovely 668 on 6th floor had every thing we needed clean tidy extra towels and pillows safe hairdryer plenty of hangers and storage. Bed was really comfy and a good size. Only drawback was the windows didn't open very wide and the room was really warm.  Plenty of restaurants and bars in the hotel and lots more nearby. Very close to theatres and oxford street. A great stay in a lovely hotel.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but,Stayed here for three nights whilst visiting London. The location cannot be faulted as the hotel is only 50yards from Oxford Street by Tottenham tube station. The hotel was let down by the very small room with just enough room to get round the double bed. The hotel its self was a little dated and well used but did appear to be clean with the staff very helpful. Breakfast was a little disorganised and not really worth the premium as many places nearby offer two breakfasts for £10/£12.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfecly located in the heart of London,"Located just next to Oxford street, St Giles offers you a you great stay where you basically are within walking distance to most attractions. Good value for the Price even though the 2-bed rooms are rather small. There are plenty of very nice restaurants close by and if you don't want to spend money on an expensive hotel breakfast, you have at least 5 better options within 3 minutes walk. A big minus though that there is no free WiFi. ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well located,"The only outstanding feature of this hotel is the location; it is close to Oxford street, the West End Theatre District, the British Museum, Chinatown, etc. And for this I think I will still consider it in my future visits. The room and the beds are small, and the bathroom is tiny, yet everything is functional. The front desk staff is doing their jobs but I wouldn't describe them as hospitable.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,worthy of demolition,"What an appalling hotel  bedroom floor was soaking wet from who knows what the room had the door of a changing room furniture from the street or at least that how it looks,i would seriously think before you book this over rated and seriously awful hotel staff more concerned with themselves rather than customer care in general this is a place that would highly benefit from Demolition",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful but at least it's really expensive.,"So much to say this is going to have to be list style, ready?  Small rooms, small bed, slow lifts, actual holes in our bed sheets, lumpy mattress, room either boiling or deafeningly loud (depending on your window choice), invasive house keeping, door lock didn't work, 2 broken hair dryers, shower head leaked, bit of shower falling off wall, toiletries unavailable but hey, at least you get to pay £115 for the privilege of suffering through one night here.   For that money you could stay a long weekend in better accommodation in a nicer part of the country. If you have to be in London stick to premiere inns or travel lodge, this doesn't cut it. During what seemed like eternities in the lifts I heard moaning in at least 4 different languages: well done St Giles, international…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Visit,"So I booked this place from booking.com and I am still unsure if it was my mistake or the hotels mistake that I was given a small single bed room, but anyways they sorted the issue out in minutes so it was okay.  All in all its a normal hotel and the best attribute is that it's location and that's the only selling point. According to me ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely location,"Great location for its price! Stays dovee with the girls for shopping a show and night out. Rooms where nice and clean. Bar was pricey but what do you exspect for a west end hotel bar. Was great to be able to leave our bags there after we checked out and went shopping, popping back to grab them before we went home. Tune stations near by, doorman always hailed our cabs which was a nice touch. And oxford street literally just round the corner. Spot on",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but...","As the title suggests this hotel is in a prime location. Shopping, theatre, restaurants all on the door step. The hotel itself is quite difficult to review for that reason alone. First impression of our room was opening the door only for it to fly back into my face off the door closer, so the door only opens about half the distance it should, not very helpful when you are carrying bags and cases. The room was fairly cramped but sufficient for our needs, why do most hotels put one chair in a double room, do they expect their guests to sit down in shifts? Cleanliness was adequate without being outstanding. One major gripe is that there were no bath towels, difficult to dry yourself after a shower with something a little larger than a hand towel. Breakfast is a bit a free for all…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for theatre land,"Ideal for a couple of nights stay to visit a show and be right in the thick of London sights. Probably not great if you want to spend a lot of time in your room as they are a little small and cramped . The staff were all happy , helpful and pleasant . The breakfast was awesome , plenty of choice and very well cooked . Food and drink is available 24/7 in the bar and there is a casino attached .We also paid less than we have at the vastly inferior Travel lodge in Drury Lane as we booked through Hotels.com .",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location ","Just visited this hotel for 1 night, very impressed with this hotel, we arrived at 11am hoping to at least leave our bags but the receptionist was only too happy to check us in, she was very friendly and very helpful. The room was very nice with all the amenities needed, breakfast was very good,lots to choose from, the only criticism was the long queue for breakfast but that is a very small Criticism. The location is amazing, a stones throw from oxford street and 5 mins from Leicester Square. Overall great hotel, would defo stay here again. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Too hot, clunky fixtures, worn down, no free wi-fi","I was with co-workers here, and was expecting mostly a comfy place to sleep between daily schedules. I wasn't very happy.  Main gripes: too hot in the room fixture in the shower was nonsensical no free wi-fi hotel was worn down extremely slow lifts slightly too small rooms  The good things: Location; the bed was good; breakfast was ok.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,On business but stayed with pleasure! ,"What a great find!  Decent hotel, central to London, clean and well kept, couldn't fault the hotel or staff at all.   Housekeeping staff were polite and friendly whenever we saw them.   Will definitely stay here again  ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for a girly night,"We have had to girly catch up nights here this year. Great location to catch a show & meal. Rooms comfortable and clean . Good sound proofing from windows as no sound from busy Tottenham Court Road.  Today's visit we were woken by the chamber maid coming in at 8.30, which I assume was a mistake.   Breakfast buffet plentiful & good standard (although sausages seemed cheap & not nice).   Only down side in both visits noticed that the some of the mugs were not clean, had to check a few to get a clean one . (Dishwasher problem?)  Overall good stay & will use again, even though a bit on the pricey side.   ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"The St Giles is in a great location, walking distance from Oxford Street, Covet Garden and many other areas of interest. Stayed in an executive double, very spacious room with nice new ensuite and comfortable bed. Also had the executive breakfast which had many nice options! ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, fresh and cosy","Went here for my first London trip and has since returned many times. The location is great, with just 100 m to Tottenham Court Road tube station. Oxford street is just around the corner. Very cozy hotel with great breakfast buffet.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect central location,"Stayed at this hotel with a group of work colleagues as we were attending an event nearby.   The room we had was clean and comfortable, we had a nice view over London, even had two tvs which seemed a bit excessive given the size of the room! The bathroom was on the small size but it was perfect for what we needed it for. Our room you could also open the windows slightly which I don't find in many city hotels nowadays but it is nice to sometimes have a natural breeze rather than noisy air con.  The location of the hotel is just perfect, so central, (Nearest tube Tottenham Court Road - 2 secs walk to/from hotel) near to Oxford Street and all the shops. It took me about 10 mins on the tube to get to/from Kings Cross.  It is, in my opinion a very average hotel, nothing special about…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, needs some updating ","This hotel is great value for its location. Very close to the tube, Oxford Street, British Museum, etc. There are shops, including a Sainsbury's, just across the street.  The staff were very friendly on check in. The single room I stayed in had everything necessary, including a decent hairdryer and a kettle, and the bed was comfortable.   Some minor repairs to the blinds, paintwork and bathroom tiling would have made for a more pleasant stay. Also free wifi would have been appreciated. I would stay in this hotel again as it is a good budget option.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Average Central Hotel ,"We visited the St Giles Hotel on Bedford Ave , partly due to reasonable night rate , plus location to the theatre area . Checked in within reasonable time . Room was only small but just adequate . The hotel rooms are clean but a bit tired and in need of an up date Bathroom was very small but manageable . Plus points were the location to the Motown show at  Shaftesbury theatre easily within walking distance and location to Euston station , few minutes in taxi. Can not comment on food as we ate out but there is a lively sports bar with multi screens . Grosvenor casino is linked to the Hotel and can access through the hotel at certain times . The St Giles is okay for a short stay , especially for location . ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely friendly hotel,"Room was very small but it was only for sleeping in, the beds were very comfortable. The room and bathroom were clean. We booked as going to theatre then back to hotel for a few drinks before bed, the Hudson bar was very lively and staff were very friendly. The following day we booked out and were able to leave cases and went to do some shopping, hotel is a great location for Tottenham Court Road and Oxford street. Overall staff were very friendly and we are definitely going to stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice staff, poor elevators","Room on the fifth floor. Not a good view/window. Room itself was nice, old, and maybee a litle worn, but ok. Good location, just a short walk to all major shopping streets, pubs and museums. Beds where good, waterboiler in the room so you could make a pot of tea or coffe. Didn't try the restaurant there, but other guests said it was ok. One level beneith the reseption area there was a pub. Nice place for a night cap before bed.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really poor hotel,"We booked the St Giles as we have been the St Giles in New York and thought it would be similar to that, oh how we were wrong. Granted the staff were friendly, however when we arrived we were told the leisure facility isn't included in the hotel package which we were not informed on before arriving. Once we had checked in and headed to the room the elevators were very tired and dirty so thought we would take the stairs for the rest of the time even though they were like a maze themselves. Once we got to the room, it was a lot smaller than we anticipated and the smell was horrendous. We had 3 rooms and out of the 3 my room was the one to smell like somebody had just used the toilet and not flushed. We thought this was the case and left the window open for awhile but on arriving…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel Britain's Faulty Towers!!,Well where do I start...staff need customer service training very bad manners at check in and with any other enquiries. The room was horrible it was small no ventilation except for the window which of course you couldn't open because of the traffic!! It also smelt old and dated. The 17 nights we stayed here was painful - 3 x we were woken in the early hours of the morning with a fire evacuation of which were told it was technical faults or a God damn drill!   Never ever staying here again it's not worth the money and the false advertisement of the hotel on the web!,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and very tired. ,"I booked the St Giles hotel purely for its location. I thought I'd splash out a bit extra and go for a deluxe double room and at a cost of £250 for two nights was a fair price or so I thought.  Check in was fast and smooth and luckily we had a room on the first floor. I say luckily because the lifts at the hotel are so, so slow! We ended up walking up the stairs to our room.  The room itself was really disappointing. It was a fairly decent size with separate sleeping and living areas but it was so tired and shabby looking.  The double bed was small and for a deluxe room I'd have expected at least a king size bed. It was comfy though.  The bathroom was awful! The shower cubicle was small and the shower tray was cracked (see photos) There was no shaver socket and instead there was…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastc hotel,"What amazing value this hotel is. Paid for an executive room on the 13th floor. Large modern room, beautiful bathroom, great views. Breakfast included which was really good. Polite helpful staff at check-in. Perfect location for the Dominion Theatre and Oxford Street. Would definately say here again.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location Centrally Situated,"I stayed here at this centrally located St Giles Hotel on the first night when I landed back in UK soil from a two week visit to my family in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  I counted myself lucky when the Boss Isa approved my stay for 21/10/2016. One night @£89, with inclusive breakfast, but I left early for YMCA Indian Student Hostel the following morning. I didn't know much about the other parts or facilities of the Hotel.  However, the Casino is unmissable but as it didn't grab my attention or interest, I didn't explore further.  It is very busy almost all the times just outside the Front Help Desk and Reception. Many people move in and out. Hustle and bustle. I suppose the main reason is Location, Location, Location. I think if you like the glitz and the thrill in the surroundings…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK for overnight,"Stayed here for one night.  The hotel was very, very busy.  The reception staff were friendly and welcoming.  Our double bedroom was minute and very dated (nothing like your image) and overlooked a brick wall. It was clean. There was one towel and one hand towel in the bathroom but fortunately we found two more in the wardrobe.  Two of the UHT milks for making coffee were partially opened and left for us to use.  The room was stifling hot when we went to bed but we couldn't keep the window open because of the noise outside.   Breakfast was plentiful, hot and with lots of choices.  The concierge was very knowledgeable about how to get to places.  We liked that we could leave our cases behind after we had checked out.  I must say that I thought the lifts (I think there were four)…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No complaints whatsoever ,Only stayed for one night in this very busy hotel. Very close to Tottenham Court Road tube station. The hotel is clean pleasant and tidy. Rooms are very nice and comfortable. Staff are friendly and well mannered. I would try to avoid peak times for breakfast though. ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok,Been here before. Use it as it's convenient to walk to theatre etc. Not luxury.  Room was ok for one night. Lifts a bit of a pain. Wasn't a fantastic nights sleep. A bit noisey. Quick and easy to check in and out. Late night supermarket across the road. Few places really close by for breakfast. Tube station very close and shops etc close by too. Convenient.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rubbish,"I really can't understand the reviews on this location. The rooms are terrible and dated. The service is at best poor, unfriendly and totally disinterested. I went down to reception to report that the jug and the TV remote didn't work and the answer I got was, ""what do you want me to do about it""? I suggested that a replacement of the two items would help. She asked me to go away as they were busy.  Not exactly the perfect response from the play book if good customer service. But you chose. The location is great for central London and some truly excellent pubs and restaurants. But of you want value for money, clean facilities that work or anything goes even vaguely approaching service....look elsewhere. This hotel is so past its heyday it doesn't have a future.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel ever!! Never ever again!,"Nothing like the pictures!!!!  We arrived the hotel looks ok, reception fine, but lifts very dodgy stood watching them for awhile doors struggled to open and inside didn't look clean. So when got our room number we went up the stairs which again where very dodgy, didn't think we were going the right way as the stairs don't look like they should be used by the public. Anyway finally got to the room, very small room and bathroom (no baths, just a toilet, shower & sink), very small tv mounted at the top of the wall so can't see it, only one pillow and one towel even though we had booked for two people to be staying in the room and the room was a double room.  Bed was actually quite comfy, was having a great sleep until all I could hear was banging on doors at around 1am!! Then…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for location and amazing breakfast,"We stayed here October 2016 when we attend Justin bieber concert at the o2 . After a very prompt check in . We got to our rooms and we're very surprised . Nice sized rooms , comfy beds and lovely bathroom and shower .  The location of this hotel is perfect .  I would happily stay here again . The breakfast the next day was one of the best I have ever had in the UK.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Stayed at the St Giles last night in a standard room (£129.00 as opposed to the £99.00 offered on the net).  Decent, clean, fairly small room but fine for an overnight stay.    Both rooms (bedroom and shower room) were spotlessly clean, the bed was comfortable and the reception staff were helpful.  The Breakfast room was very busy and some additional signage would help to inform you that there is additional seating available (which you cannot see when you enter the breakfast room).  I suggest you take breakfast nearer 08.00 than 09.00.  There was a very long queue when we left at 09.00.  Having said that the cooked breakfast was very good but there was a lack of fresh fruit - just apples and some tinned stuff.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or1995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for central london,"I have stayed in this hotel on a few occasions. It is well placed for all attractions, theatres etc, and the underground is less than 2 minutes walk away. Good value, good price and worth staying at. Don't expect any frills in the room as they are dated and tired, but clean and warm.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Very decent hotel with a superb location and a very correct price. Just of Tottenham Court Road and within walking distance from Oxford and Picadilly circus, marble arch, british museum. Recommendable!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre visit,"The location is great easy access to theatre land and china town and other London attractions, with access to the Tube virtually opposite. Check in and out easy and efficient.Rooms small but more than adequate, however rather warm and stuffy,but it is difficult to have window open for any length of time due to traffic and building noise. Staff polite and efficient. As hotel is large I would advise that if you want don't wish to queue at breakfast get to dining area before 8.00am. We would use again",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel,  great location","Went up to watch the musical jersey boys.  The theatre in piccadilly was just a leisurely 15 minute stroll away.  Other theatres were within walking distance.  The hotel itself is a modern, clean looking hotel.  The rooms are on the tad small side,  but you are in the centre of London.  All good though.  Well recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The location of this hotel was superb. Right next to Tottenham Court Road underground station and within minutes from British Museum and very easy access to all the sites and shopping most of which could be done on foot.  There was a lovely bar in the hotel which we went to every evening ""Hudsons Bar"" very reasonable prices.  Rooms were on the small side but very comfy.  Lifts were difficult in the morning as so many people using them and most of the time at least 2 out of 4 were out of order.  Hotel is simply huge and this made the whole experience rather impersonal but the staff were polite enough when you did ask for something.  Check in time was around 3pm in our case but we were asked to check out by 11am which was early.  Should have been at least 12 by standard.  Despite…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,theatre trip 28th september,busy hotel just off tottenham court road.....so quite a lot of traffic noise... comfortable bed in quite a small room... but did the job ... staff very pleasant.... very convenient location for shops and bars and tube station,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worth the money. Main pro: location. Main flaw: elevator number.,"Average rooms. Bathrooms seems to be recently renewed. Nice hot shower and bed. Staff was nice and helpfull. Very well located, where I call London's touristic heart. Within an average eight pounds taxi ride from St. Pancras Train Station, one block form Tottenham Court Road Subway Station, three blocks from British Museum, and few minutes walk to Piccadily Circus, Leicester and Trafalgar Squares or Covent Garden, where else a tourist would like to be? In less than thirty minutes in a nice and smooth walk you will reach the Westminster Bridge (and its nearby attractions) or in less than twenty mins if you go towards Waterloo Bridge. Wifi (5 pounds/24h) and breakfast (10 pounds p.p.) aren't included but if you choose to pay for both of them, you will probably be spending less…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very busy hotel. Executive rooms excellent - beware of fire alarms,We stayed at the executive rooms for 150 GBP a night and for London - it was value for money. All other reviews already mention the perfect location so I will focus on the room and amenities - we took the executive room as space and AC are a must for us. Space - we got more than we can wish for with a GIANT room! Perfect! AC - well... we couldn't really feel it (room very warm and AC doesn't do anything) but as we stayed at a top floor we could just open the window and enjoy the London chill without the street noise.  We experienced a highly annoying event when at 03:20 AM the fire alarm went on and the entire hotel was woken up and evacuated from their beds. It was terrible - we stood outside with another 1000 people in their PJ in the London freeze and NO ONE from the hotel…,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect if you are on a Budget!,This hotel is perfectly situated for a quick visit to London and when you don't want to pay a fortune for accommodation. It is easy to find (just outside the Tottenham Court Road Tube station) and well situated from which to explore central London. You check out by 11am upon departure but you can leave your luggage at the hotel for a small fee. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were especially grateful to them for calling us regarding a wallet which we left on the check-in counter. Thank you soon much! The rooms are nothing fancy but the bed is comfortable. The bathroom was small but clean. There is a bar fridge in the room to use for drinks etc. It was not hotel stocked though. The room has facilities to make coffee and tea - again very basic. Our room was rather…,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for a night or a short break,"I stayed on a Saturday night with 7 friends. We had 4 twin rooms. The rooms were quite small, but as we were not at the hotel for very long, it didn't matter. The rooms were clean and had everything we needed.  The breakfast in the morning was delicious!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"Perfect location for our base for a weekend of shopping, eating and a show in London, easy walk from Euston station, and we walked to Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Soho happily.  Room was clean but very hot, very small and could have done with a facelift.  I'd request a lower floor as always a queue for the lift.  Hudson's bar downstairs was great for a drink.  Reception staff were very helpful when our key deactivated, and were pleasant at check in and check out, although the evacuation in the early hours was quite chaotic - would have liked to have seen more direction and control of the situation by hotel staff",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Visited London for the first time this year n stayed at st Giles hotel  Great location , walking distance to Trafalgar Square , easy walk to Buckingham palace  Nice room , very busy place , nice helpful staff  Would definitely stay there again ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean but definitely no frills.","We were staying in London overnight and having just returned from holiday were on a budget. Great location for theatres, Oxford Street etc. We were able to check in earlier that stated. Room was clean, bathroom smallest I've  ever had in any hotel. I slept well. Not noisy despite overlooking main road. We were on 2nd floor. Lifts a bit slow but didn't bother us we walked down. May be frustrating if your on higher floors. Breakfast not really impressed with the food and lots of queueing. Would I stay there again, hopefully I won't have to but if you are on a budget and want this location then I guess for an odd night its okay. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful place,"We booked in very last minute before seeing a show as some friends were staying there. I was surprised how reasonable the rates were prior to arriving there, but the reasons were soon very obvious. The hotel is ghastly. Rooms are dated, hot and not especially clean. The lift system is appalling. My partner and I waited 20 minutes for a lift to get down when checking out. The staff don't really care. On Saturday morning we were wanting to enjoy a lie in and the cleaning staff knocked on our door and came in at 9am! Check out wasn't till 11am!  As we hadn't expected to stay, I had no toothbrush and toothpaste. I called down to reception and asked if we could have one. After requesting my room number and checking something they responded telling me that they couldn't give me one as…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Value Hotel in London for Location,"This hotel is amazing value for central London - just around the corner from Tottenham Court Road Tube and Oxford Street....and generally less than £100 a night. Hotel itself is always clean and staff friendly. The rooms aren't huge - not unusual for London. Not the most luxurious - but who needs it to be honest ... for the price can't be beaten, There's also a good bar and access to 24hour cafe/bar that does a great full english if you don't go for the hotel breakfast. Stayed a few times and always my first choice go too place for central London whether on business or for please - highly recommend.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Hotel could not be in a better location. Walking distant to Covent Garden area, and lots of tubes nearby. Hotel has a great bar and restaurants. Rooms are a little tired, but very good value for a London hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Stayed here a few times before, price reasonable for London £95 per night but.......","On this occasion, room on 2nd floor with small window facing main Tottenham Court Rd. Small double room with tea & coffee provided. Noise levels meant not much sleep on first night and on the second fire alarm at 3.20am which turned out to be a false alarm. Not hotel's fault but concerned that the evacuation of e hotel seemed disorganised once outside no information just a surge of guests going back into hotel when the alarm stopped. Next to no information or guidance to guests who were all a little bemused!",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles is getting really worn and tired,"Been coming here on and off for 20 years or so. In the beginning it was great, not only due to the superb location. But now rooms are really getting worn and tired, in need of refurbishment. Carpets and furniture in the small rooms are terribly dated, beds are hard and uncomfortable. Dont know what else to say, just regret the fact that we chose this place when we could have got much more value for money at Travelodge, Premier Inn or some other chain with central locations.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"For the value, you can get somewhere better","The only positives of the hotel are the location and cleanliness, but only these two.  The first impression is not great: the lobby (as well as the rest of the hotel) is in a poor conservation status: the floor wasn't really clean and people were pilling up as the staff didn't have a hand on the situation. A regular day...  The rest of the hotel is in bad shape: the carpet is all worn, the walls are peeling and old furniture is all around. And forget the lifts. They take ages or are out of service. As our room was on the 3rd floord, we used the stairs almost everytime. Another negative: our room was next to a corridor door, so people kept bumping into our door and stayed on the corridor talking loud.  The room windows are not anti-noise and the street is busy, so you can have…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok,"I have lived in London several years and was just visiting. My friend managed to get this hotel for free on airmiles. The location is great, easy for anything as close to Tottenham Court Rd tube stop. The hotel rooms have what you need but are tiny, like budget hotels are in London. No minibar, tiny tv. Good shower, ok beds. Don't spend more than 95 pounds a night here.... not sure how much it does cost....",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location yes Service No,Yes arguable a great location but that's all the start to finish in this booking has been poor including the staff. I originally booked via booking.com because it was a business trip I put it on my card and it stated no payment will be taken. 5 days before they tried to take payment then cancelled my booking. I had to call back and book again.  ( saying can I exactly what I had before) duluxe  room with breakfast. We arrived and had to head out straight away and when we did get back around 7pm I went to my room... If that is a duluxe I dread to know what standard rooms are like.  Just about swing a cat in the bedroom. The sitting room bit was tiny.  I didn't have time to complain or move rooms. However in the morning I went for breakfast asked reception where breakfast was...…,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Price & location are good, but can easily improve","The price of the hotel was good and the location as well. The rooms are very small. We got a twin bed and there were apx. 40 cm from the beds and the wall and between the beds. Closets were also small and we only used our suitcases. Also, the room had very small TVs. They could have invested more in larger TVs (I'm not talking huge ones, 32"" would have been great). There are very few electric sockets and given people have phones, tablets, laptops, cameras, I think they should have put more. Especially, between the beds there was a small stand and lamps above it, they could have easily put sockets there. Instead the sockets were on one side of the room, meaning I couldn't tell the time without getting out of bed, as I use my phone as a watch. Also, out of the 4 elevators, 3 were…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Annual Visit,"We use this hotel every time we visit London. It is not luxurious, it isn't 5 star, it doesn't have all the added touches we sometimes like. It is clean, it is very central, the staff are excellent and it provides great value for money for the centre of London. If you need a central base whilst in London for short time St Giles ticks the box. If you want 5 star maybe give it a miss👌",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice, Clean hotel in great spot","The hotel was really nice, clean, tidy and well presented. Staff were super friendly and helpful. My only complaint was that the walls in the hotel seemed particularly thing (5th floor room). Although this is just hotels sometimes. No air con in room, but there was a desk fan provided.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"OK, could improve","Great location a short walk from the tube station.  Rooms fairly basic but more than adequate for a short stay.  The reception staff and any other staff you came across were very friendly and helpful.  The one barman I came across was efficient but could do with some customer care training, a bit grumpy I thought. The breakfast was self service and good quality.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel in London is excellent,"I stayed at the St Giles hotel as part of a Show and Stay package deal that I booked on-line.  I had no idea what to expect except what the Show and Stay people told me.  I was a bit skeptical but looking forward to a few days in London. The St Giles hotel, accommodation, staff and service were excellent. I emailed their concierge for directions from Gatwick to the hotel and received prompt, easy to follow directions.   No problem at all. The hotel is located across the street from the Tottenham Court Road tube station so I also go to use the tube everywhere and knew that ""home: was at that station, Great location for EVERYTHING and EVERYWHERE.   I would have preferred a room with a bathtub but I didn't even bother to request a change it was all so good. And the breakfast is…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,Ideal location for our visit to the the Shaftsbury Theatre - just five minutes walk away and a twenty minute walk from Euston Station. Our room was on the first floor facing Tottenham Court Road which has a lot of building work going on so resulted in a lot of early morning noise!  Would stay again but would request a room on a higher floor and at the rear or the building.  The room was clean and comfortable - adequate for our one night stay - but disappointed with the lack of power points!!!  Very good breakfast included - large variety of hot or cold food.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Over rated,"Our delux room was anything but - small, dark and very shabby.  Lifts were erratic which meant we used the stairs on our last day - bit of a trek as we were on the 8th floor.  The breakfast looked fine but the queues were reminiscent of school dinners.  With a little more thought and a slight change of layout this problem could easily be avoided.  Bonuses here - the location and the staff.  They were very professional. That's why I've given a 3 - though I wouldn't stay again. It's a shame th company they work for doesn't show the same attitude.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Business trip ,"Very well located central hotel, busy and noisy but comfortable beds and very efficient reception staff. A young gentleman can't remember his name but very good at sorting a problem out we had.  Breakfast a bit of a shambles in respect of service but food good ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location.  2 mins from Tube, Oxford St & Dominion Theatre","Very pleasant stay. Location is excellent.  Just across the road from Tottenham Court Tube, a few yards away from the Dominion Theatre and a 2 minute walk to Oxford Street.  The British Museum is about 10 minutes walk in one direction, Leicester Square 15 minutes walk in the other direction.  We'd definitely stay there again  We had an Executive room which was quite spacious & included complimentary breakfast in the ground floor restaurant.  Bed was comfortable, nice large windows gave the room plenty of light.  No bath in the room which was fine - good-sized shower suited us better.  Toiletries were ok. Disappointing that this hotel, as with so many others in London, does not provide free wifi.  As with other reviews, the lifts can be quite slow, but this is to be expected I…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,bolt hole,"a very busy foyer with steps to conquer for those with heavy bags.Room smallest Ive ever stayed in,which was very warm with no effective temperature control (fan in cupboard). Window part opens but nearby building works too noisy to leave open.Pay for WiFi, 50 pence for green tea tea bag from automat dont sit well with me. Food shop over the road and cafe nearby saving grace. The location at the end of Oxford St and Tottenham Court Road is this hotels saving grace, walking distance to central London especially theatres and shopping.Its a hotel that offers dining and casino which we did not use.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,We stayed for three nights location very good was woken by fire alarm and had to evacuate the building at 1.15am (which we were told later was a false alarm) but no one was counted or checked and was just let back in building.we tried to go to breakfast but the queues were awful even when you managed to get inside you had to queue again then try to find a table we gave up . Yes the rooms are very small but it was OK have stayed in better hotels . only good thing was the location don't think I will stay there again,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"If you want a sleepless night just come to this hotel.  They should invest in double glazing.  Fire alarm went off in the middle of the night, all evacuated which was fine, better safe than sorry but what a shambles.  No staff to advise what was going on, apparently short staffed.....unbelievable.  Very expensive night for NO sleep",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,Stayed here for one night 15 minute walk from Euston station good location for the theatres in the West End double room not too bad nice comfy bed tea and coffee making facilities safe in the room really nice breakfast staff were nice and polite will stay here again next time we visit London,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs renovations,"We were not pleased by our stay at this hotel. There is no A/C meaning that if you travel in the summer your night might be uncomfortable. The fan that they provide is not enough. The washroom needs to be renovated. The bedspread was old and faded. The elevator are antiquated. For so called environmental reason, only one set of towel is offered. Sharing a wet towel with your partner is a bit too much for my taste. On the positive side, the hotel is well located, steps from the British Museum and other attractions.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London weekend away,"Hotel location was fab, right outside the tube station and minutes walk from oxford street.   Hotel itself was clean but the rooms are tiny! The toilets even smaller, you have to go in and stand aside to shut the door.   The breakfast that's included was edible, but like school dinners all lining up waiting on it! Could not fault the hotel for location. Would most likely return if we went back to London.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bargain,"Stayed overnight as was in town to see Motown the Musical with a friend, perfect location from the tube and the theatre. First impressions from outside was 70's concrete building, don't be put off, inside was great, staff lovely and we had a de luxe twin, so more room. Really comfortable beds, there was a quiet bar on the mezzanine floor, with a good barman. Great breakfast the next morning before leaving, would recommend to anyone, don't be put off by the location on some sites, where it states Camden, it's not!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,Couldn't have looked for a better location. Great value for money. The rooms were basic and small but adequate. Literally one minute from Oxford st and one minute from tube station at Tottenham Court Road. Staff were all very nice especially Adrian at check in. The food in their different restaurants was all reasonably priced and tasty. A very comfortable stay. Would definitely return. ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"Stayed here for one night on a work trip recently. It's a decent location, and the and check in process was slick. My room was very small - not the nod of the world, it was only somewhere to get my head down for the night, but I wouldn't have wanted to use it as a base. The big issue was the window. There were no curtains, just a blind. - the kind that sits between two window panes. It looked and felt broken, and there was a VERY bright blue neon light outside the room that lit the room up when the room light was off. I spoke to reception who said a) there were no other rooms to move me to and b) they'd get someone to fix the blind. Well the blind did get fixed, but it still didn't close properly. Result when I switched the lights off it was still almost bright enough to read…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An amazing surprise in London!,"The hotel has an amazing location in the center of London. Close to the underground and other public transportations, this hotel is great whether you are planning to stay for leisure or work. The staff is very nice and the breakfast is quite varied. My room was not too big and the view was not the best but it was quiet and clean. It was perfect for a working related trip.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Close to everything, wonderful staff","A friend of mine and I stayed at the St Giles hotel in London for 2 nights in late September.  Unfortunately whilst we were there i became very ill and had to get to the hospital. The staff were very kind and helpful and informed us there was a hospital only a 10 minute walk from the hotel.  Not only is the hotel close to a hospital if need be but the hotel is also very close (5-10 minute walk) to two tube stations delending where you wanted to go, as well as quite a few cafes, pubs, restaurants, and grocery stores.   The room its self was fairly small but had everything you needed, tv, tea and coffee, decent sized shower etc. We were on the 7th floor and there was little to no traffic noise.  We also uad breakfast included.  They provided a full english breakfast buffet as well…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The only good thing is location,A disaster of a hotel. The receptionists and concierge very unfriendly and impolite!! They are not eager to help you but to push you away. There is no lobby where to sit down or wait for someone. The rooms are dirty and very uncomfortable. The only good thing is the location but it is not worth the money you have to pay for this quality of service.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wow great hotel,Stayed at the St Giles Hotel for 2 nights .. fantastic . Front of house staff on a arrival .Room was very clean an is ideal size for a couple ..Location of hotel is also fantastic for Shopping.Sightseeing.and Theatre... Buffet Breakfast is good Value an very tasty.. ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Friendly ,"A good hotel close to Oxford Street and theatre land.  Room was a little on the small side for a double, but perfectly adequate for an overnight stay. Very clean and well presented. Good size shower and plenty of hot water. All usual tea and coffee making facilities and a safe.  Hotel has a leisure centre which is great, small fee of £5 to use but definitely worth it. Hotel staff were friendly , courteous and helpful. Good breakfast with plenty of choice . Thank you  ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great for a value hotel,"Check in was a breeze - our room was ready around 1pm.   We had a twin room, no breakfast included.   Nothing earth shattering here - a budget hotel that suited our needs for 2 nights in London.  Without a doubt the smallest hotel room I've ever been in and the bathroom was even smaller, but for 2 nights we made it work.   Minutes from the subway and McDonalds for breakfast.   If the price was right, I'd stay again.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, uncomfortable nights sleep.","This hotel is in a great location, easy access to the West End.  Check-in was really slow and they had trouble locating me even though I had booked through Booking.com and had the reservation.  The lifts are an absolute joke.  Very slow. The hotel has lovely restaurants and a great bar called Hudsons which is open until 2am.  We had booked an executive room which was lovely, but the bed was terrible.  There was a kingsize base to the bed with only a double mattress which was terribly uncomfortable and the pillows were even worse.  Such a shame as this made my stay memorable for the wrong reasons.  Breakfast was great value for money.  I would stay again if they could improve on the bed.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for theatre,Second time we have stayed here and enjoyed our stay both times. Excellent for the theatre and close to Oxford street... Walking distance to Covent garden and tube ... Lifts in hotel were a bit hit and miss but room was plenty big enough for our stay... Lovely bar ... Very busy.. nice staff. Have rebooked for another trip to London next Feb.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very dated -- you get what you pay for,"The good:  Location, shower pressure,  The bad:  sleep quality/Noise level, elevator congestion, and (some of) the Front desk staff.  While the hotel is dated ... they could have improved the experience with the service staff.  Concierge was impatient in giving advice about the theatre scene (even though he appeared to be quite knowledgable), and preferred to go back to his conversation with his mate.  And again .. even though I was engaged in conversation first.  Checkin staff seemed rude.  Got in at noon ... room wasn't ready, thats fine. Asked for them to pass me a key card ... which was flatly refused.  Didn't want to wait again at checkin counter but that notion seemed alien to check in staff.  Room was really small.  Almost literally a place to fall asleep and shower. …",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Return visit - and still as good,"We needed a central London location - but without it breaking the bank. St Giles is in a marvellous location. We have been before, and it remains just as good. The bathroom was small but everything works. Hot water, toiletries, and crisp clean towels. The bedroom was cold, but extra blankets were in the cupboard and the bed was spotless and comfortable. Lifts to floors - one of which wasn't working, but the others were.  Downside - Wi-fi is not available in the rooms, but is available in the hotel at a cost. Otherwise I find this hotel - centrally located, clean comfortable and efficient, for a good price.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stayed here again  -  still love it.,Perfect location for centre of London.  Clean comfortable rooms. Excellent value for money.  Totally recommend this hotel.  Noise from the street outside - but it's a very small price to pay for staying in the centre of London.   Love this hotel.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for shopping and theatre in London,"St Giles is located very close to Oxford street. Excellent for shopping and just a tube stop away from the theatre district. While the location is very good, and the room prices are reasonable, the rooms are pretty tiny. We had a deluxe double - which was a squeeze. The hotel does not provide free Wi-Fi. It has to be purchased from a vending machine which is rather inconvenient. The staff are very courteous and helpful - especially the front office and concierge. This hotel is OK for a few days stay but can be a little cramped for a long stay. Rooms and bathrooms could do with an upgrade. Lots of good restaurants and cafes nearby - especially on Charlotte street so you have a choice of food.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"Fantastic hotel, staff lovely, room clean and comfy, central location and within walking distance of kings cross. The casino in hotel is added bonus and the breakfast cafe is open 24/7. We had breakfast included and was full English. For central London you will not get no better for the price !!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Functional hotel,"Well located just off Tottenham Court Road. Rooms small, which you expect in Central London, but clean and well-appointed. 4 lifts, but one out of order most of the time, making it a long wait to get to the room. Wifi £5 per day. Building work around the hotel from early morning made a lot of noise.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and value for money,"A couple of days in London sightseeing - so we needed a hotel in the City and the St.Giles fitted the bill. We only needed somewhere to sleep so were not interested in the 'extras' and that some places charge for.  Could have done with better air conditioning in the bedroom, but how often do you get a heat wave in September?  Keeping the windows open is not really an option in London.  Will use St.Giles again when we come down to London next time",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another superb visit,"Our second visit to this hotel. Ideally situated in the heart of central London. Found a deal on Booking.com. for executive double with breakfast for £258 for two nights for the wife and myself. Once again staff more than helpful,, room spotless , lovely view right across London. Again, lovely breakfast. If any slight problem the lifts are sometimes a little problematic but they do get plenty of use so occasionally a little wait. But hey......who's in that much of a hurry ? Will certainly book again next time we are in town.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Hotel is in a great location but the rooms are small with with clean and adequate facilties but ... the accomodation is very noisy. And ideal stay for just one or two nights and local to central london attractions e.g. Oxford Street shopping, British Museum, Theatres etc",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice time,"Went with my nanna and had a loverly time there, the staff were so friendly espiecally the breakfast staff and front desk staff, but the life do need a upgrade as they kept failing to work but overall I would 100% stay again!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You Get What You Pay For- Excellent Location ,"The St Giles certainly isn't fancy, however your not paying fancy  prices, the interior is dated and well past it's best, however it's a very busy hotel, the corridors are like 1970 hospital corridors ! The rooms are clean but dated , WIFI is charged £5 per 24 hours for 2 devices ! Do not accept room 175, the window is directly over the kitchens outlet vents, very noisy and disgusting grease smell belching into the room. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for your west end theatre visit,"My wife and I have used St Giles several times this year when we go to London for our monthly theatre visits. It's at the heart of London and most of the theatres are only a bus/tube ride away, most you can just walk. Rooms are very comfortable and with Hudsons House bar and QV for breakfast it's the complete stay.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value, clean, central location.","I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived at this hotel, we had booked two twin rooms for a girls weekend away, the rooms were large with a separate fridge / desk area. Beds very comfortable, air con good, bathroom very clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful, breakfast very good value.If I was to find a criticism it would be as it was quite busy we had to queue for a lift, but no big deal.Would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A bit too cheap, not very cheerful","My Mum and I stayed overnight during a trip to London, and as far as hotels go, I'm afraid you could do better. It was inexpensive, but this was reflected in the small, sparsely decorated rooms and the aging decor (the lifts, for example, had incredibly tarnished/dirty mirrors, and the room I stayed in had a light switch that wouldn't work). Still, for an overnight stay it could be worse, and it's conveniently close to Euston station. Just don't expect anything fancy while you're there.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mouse in the house,"Four of my siblings were at this house (me included)  the double was fine but the two singles - what can I say I have never ever stayed in such a small room before.  Breakfast is adequate, location fantastic, concierge out of this world really helpful, but having a mouse in my sister's room who ran out In her pj and cardigan is no joke - I think I would have had a heart attack",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Compact rooms but good value,"Stayed overnight for a short break.  The double rooms were very compact, and the bathroom shower quite small too.  Rooms have everything you need though - tea/coffee, TV, en-suite, hairdryer. No air con but the windows do open (although London can be noisy).  The breakfast was good and overall a good value stay in London. Staff were friendly and consierge happy to store bags.  The hotel is in need of re-decorating, especially the reception area.  I have to say though that this was the most comfy hotel bed I have stayed in!  2-3 mins walk from Tottenham Court Road underground and perfectly placed for the West End and British Museum.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cozy, good value ","Okay, some of the reviews made me concerned when booking. But the location and price made me decide on this hotel. Yes, the room was small, but not as small as some, and it was quite cozy. The bed was comfy, and the room was clean. Now the bathroom, there was a little mold in the shower, and as for the service it was spotty (didn't give toilet paper one day). The front desk staff were very helpful and nice. The breakfast was plentiful and was a good start to the day. Would I stay there again? Absolutely, the tube, as well as several handy bus routes, are right there. The hotel is a very good value if you look at the location. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and convenient,"Our room was only £120 for the night which for such a central location was brilliant value. The room was small of course a bit like a ship,'s cabin. It was clean and tidy and the bed was comfortable. There was tea and coffee facilities a small but fully equipped bathroom and extra pillows. There was a very welcome fan as it was very warm . Breakfast was generous and well made plenty of food and good coffee. All three fruit juices were sweetened which was a guilty pleasure! Very pleased with the service we will be back.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's all about location ,"Brilliant hotel. Stayed for one night and had a London show (Motown the musical). The location is perfect, close to all ameneties. We paid to upgrade to executive double and would definitely do this again. We had a room on 10th floor with magnificent views. We were at back of hotel so hardly any noise. We also had air conditioning. Breakfast was included and was also enjoyable with a good choice. Highly recommend and would use again. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel very good,"We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in September.  Arrived to check in at 7pm and staff were very helpful and friendly.  We had a room on the 6th floor which was a double.  Although the room was quite small it was sufficient for our needs.  We had a electronic safe, tea & coffee facilities and a fan which we found we needed due to the heat.  Bathroom was also on the small side but was adequate for 2 people.  Breakfast was self serve which suited us.  The only issue for breakfast that we found was that they done quorn sausages.  While I appreciate that this suits some people it would have been nice to have a choice, other than that breakfast was fine.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine for what it is,Here for a business trip. Reasonable value for London standards so don't expect the Ritz. Long queues to check in but moved fast and very friendly and efficient.  My double room just for me was very small. What you get with a lower price tag. Hate the sheet under the duvet thing which hints don't change duvet covers?  Room was comfortable enough for 1 and clean if tired. Worst thing was the noise from street etc even though I was on 5th floor. Best thing is location as you are close to West end / city area.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible hotel ,Not Impressed so far. Mix up on arrival with rooms - key given and someone already in room - back down 7 floors to reception - queue again to speak to someone - was told hotel fully booked ( I had booked 5 double rooms 6 weeks ago ) !!!! Anyway another room sorted - tiny little room !!!! Went out came back key wouldn't work - back down to reception - wait In queue again - problem now with payment (hadn't gone through when we checked in apparently ) !!!! All sorted now but spent have my day walking up and down corridors and in lifts and queues - not happy and will not be back !!!!! ,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3* and lacking the icing on the cake,"Hotel does what you expect but just a little tired. Customer Service let me down. Asked for wake up call that never happened. Late for meeting as a result and no breakfast. Room was functional, shower great and location great for Tottenham Court Rd.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We were coming to stay in London for the night and I found the hotel the cheapest place around covent garden area. Some friends had stayed and given less than perfect reviews but I like to make my own mind up. We arrived to a big bright reception, staff were smart, friendly and check in was easy. We were asked if there was any preference to a room (low or high floor) but she said the 6th floor was quiet and gave us that room. We grabbed a drink from the bar n took it with us. Our room was a nice size, double bed, dressing table, TV all clean. The bathroom compact but the shower was good all very clean in there too. Our room was on the back so quiet with the window open it was a bit warm in there but we kept the windows open. Check out was easy too. All in all for the price we…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Sightseeing tour of London,"Where do I begin.....  Checking in was fairly painless but that's where it ended.  Originally asked for a room with 3 single beds - no problem - nope, got a double and a pull down single!   Room changed.  Still couldn't swing a cat in it but a better configuration.   Off to the concierge to enquiry about Open Top Bus Tours/River Cruise. Nobody was sure if it was a continuous 24 hours or 24 hours over 2 days.  Eat in the hotel restaurant at night and get a waiter on his first day who knows nothing - starting to feel like Fawlty Towers!!  Can't tell us what kind of white wine he has and says he can't ask anyone.  Off to pay the bill and get slapped with a 12.5% 'Optional service charge'.  Same waiter is downright rude when we ask for an explanation.  Nothing written on the menu to…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break and Silver Wedding Anniversary,"This Hotel is very basic and the whole of the place needs a good re-vamp.  Rooms are small and dated, bathroom exceptionally small.  The upside of this Hotel is that is in the perfect location.  Within walking or short taxi ride you will find many restaurants, bars, cafes, Chinatown and Theatreland.  The foyer and entrance is the best feature of this Hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful stay ,"Now I don't expect much from this hotel, I tend to stay for work as we get a cheap rate however never again... On checkout I accidentally left wireless headphones worth £200 and surprise surprise they were not there when I called up and they never call you back ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"Great hotel, nice twin en-suit room (shower only) fast check-in very pleasant staff and brilliant location, close to tube station and just a very short walk from the Dominion Theatre. Lots of places to eat & drink near to the hotel, would definitely stay again",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic, but value for money","The staff you can not fault - polite, courteous and have a sense of humour. (5 stars)  Breakfast is good and plenty of it to choose - no fried eggs though which lets it down.(4stars)  Hotel is central for theatres (5 stars) and shops, and across the road is the underground tube.    Kings Cross main rail is 1.4 miles walk which is easier than getting the tube, as you have to change tube trains and walk the same distance to get to the other tube.   The rooms are the cheapest in London so value for money (5 stars) clean and tidy with comfortable beds.  However, this is what lets this hotel down big time - It is dated, the rooms are the size of swinging a 'small' cat in (so to speak) and we had a bigger than average room! thus created a claustrophobic feeling and not wanting to stay…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average or less,"Stayed here for one night on a business trip. Not very bad, definately not good either. Rooms are outdated and basic, hotel does not across as very modern, but it is clean and cheaper than other hotels in the direct area. It is not cosey or so, you just want to sleep there and then move on. I would not select this hotel for a romantic getaway.  While I'm typing this I remember how bad the breakfast was (and i should have reduced my rating by one star), no intention to make something nice of it. You cannot call these things croissants.  Lots of restaurant options in the area.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break ,"Overnight  stay  to  celebrate  birthday  with  a theatre  trip  to see  ' Sunny Afternoon ' great  show. Big hotel but still friendly. rooms  Compact  but  clean,  great location  would  recommend  and  use  again. Easy  to  find    ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but very noisey,Stayed here for 4 nights. Room very small bathroom tiny. Bed comfy.  Rooms clean.Very busy hotel. Staff friendly. The noise from outside is constant. There is construction going on and is on throughout the night. We tried to change to quieter room but they could only offer 1 flight up to the 8th floor which would make no difference. Ideal location for London but just the sizes of room and noise put us off going back  ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is only good point,"Excellent central location and easy to get to and from, both by foot or public transport. Nothing else positive to mention overall. Rooms were not value for money, very basic, poor beds, broken air conditioning. Breakfast not included in room price, where as it is included in other cheaper hotels nearby on closer inspection. Charging hotel guests for wi-fi too is staggering. It's a utility these days, not a luxury? Staff weren't particularly friendly or helpful either. Not a nice atmosphere in reception. Would only come again as a last resort. ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central,"This is a bit like a factory but truly central and ok. However, to charge for WIFI in our day and age is simply unbelievable. At 5£ /day it is also close to High Street robbery. Maybe the main reason why I'll probably not return to this place.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Diminishing returns,"This was the third time our family have staved this year.and many more times in previous years. Not so in the future £135. A room without breakfast for a basic room without Internet and a shower head placed in the corner so you have to soak the room to get water on you with a dangerous step out of the shower the a/c is very noisy , no access to the casino this time.my daughter stayed in the same room for £100. In February ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wifi is chargeable ,"You won't expect to pay top dollar and have to pay extra for wifi connectivity. In today's day and age, wifi is not a commodity. Moreover, wifi password can be purchased from a vending machine that only accepts coins. A disgrace. Ps: the concierge on duty was rough and almost damaged my luggage.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for an overnight stay,"This hotel is central for theatre visits. The staff were friendly and helpful  at the desk and concierge were always good at finding taxis. Our room was the smallest were have ever had and was on the sixth floor The noise level when the window was open was not good but beds were comfortable and the water hot. I hate lifts, so we used the stairs to go down to the ground floor but they were not easy to find.The breakfast was excellent value and served by attentive and smiling staff - fine for a short stay.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but confusing ,"Stayed here for work,  room was comfortable but a bit dated, bathroom small but had a good shower. I found the layout of the hotel very confusing to get around and a long wait for the lifts. The food in the restaurant was reasonable but not amazing, though they were catering for a very large group of us. The staff were very attentive and catered for colleagues with dietary requirements. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central to the West End ,Centrally placed for shows etc..bedrooms clean but basic ...house keeping could be a little more attentive to detail..twice had to ring down for milk which was missing from coffee making tray. Towels not folded and positioned nicely for use. A good hotel as long as you don't spend too much time in your room.  ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location...but needs a refurb!,"Recently stayed a few night on business.  The hotel in terms of location is excellent as it is literally across the road from Tottenham Court Road tube station providing a direct connection to Embankment for exploring Westminster, etc.  The hotel was also well positioned for those wanting to see a show as a number of theatres are within a 10 minute walk as are numerous restaurants and if your really stuck there is a cinema just over the road.  First impression as you see the entrance is this doesn't look too bad.  However, as you walk into reception you begin to think this looks a little dated and that theme unfortunately continues though the rest of the hotel.  The rooms aren't the smallest in the world, but get very hot and stuffy very quickly.  I was on the 8th floor so I…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Executive room option makes this a good budget choice,"This was my second stay at this hotel, each time staying in an 'executive double' room on the seventh floor (for single use) and it on this room type my rating is based. Having glimpsed inside standard single and double rooms whilst they were being serviced I can well understand negative comments regarding size.  Executive doubles are quite compact, my room had very limited hanging space in the single (say 60 cm wide) open wardrobe, with the room safe at floor level, further restricting hanging depth, especially with shoes stored on top of the safe. Plenty of hangers though. The emphasis was on providing a good size work space for 'executives' with a decent office style chair. This area doubles as a dressing table with a full length overhead shelf with additional blankets and a…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Had a cramped noisy room over Tottenham Court Road,"If you stay here be prepared for the following. Bedroom noisy, very  hot with no air conditioning. With the window closed the noise is bearable but the it stays very hot although the fans provided help. The room and hotel  are clean but it is very busy and crowded. Breakfast. You have to queue for a table as the dining room is too small for the size of hotel. You then have to find a small table and help yourself to everything including tea and coffee. You have to eat off a tray and queue for food. Having said that the food is well cooked and there is a lot of variety except for fruit which is a green apple. There is again a long queue after breakfast for the check out. Luckily for us we did not have to pay so could avoid it and slip our keys into the key box. Central location is…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,overnight,"fab hotel ,very easy to get to literally 2 mins from tube , rooms great ,beds very comry , breakfast was really good and hot , plenty of choice , full english , etc , the staff were very good and as our room was ready we checked in at 11 instead of 3 , also great that we could leave our bags on the sunday after checkout for just £1.50 whilst we went shopping",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central location,  what more can you ask","Be prepared it's a busy hotel, you'll not often find rooms for this place on the various websites. Also as it's always busy be prepared for the queues at breakfast (only reason for dropping a point). Knowing London (reasonably), my wife and I chose to do a bit of walking, it's about 25 minutes from Euston so by the time you've got down to the Northern Line,  waited for a train, got off at Tottenham Court Road,  walked up then waited to cross Oxford Street you probably haven't saved much time if any, Covent Garden is about 15 minutes,  same for Chinatown,  Trafalgar Square is only another 10 minutes at most, while the British Museum is actually visible from some of the upper floors.  Worth considering if visiting London. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again!,"Reception and the Concierge service was great. Lifts are a nightmare, they seem to work by themselves when they want and waiting for them is part of the journey up and down from ones room. The room was hardly large enough to swing a rodent let alone a feline; the bed was a double in two parts and on castors. Spare pillows and blankets were in the wardrobe which was stuffed with a luggage rack and a fan, some hangers and a safe. Tea and coffee making kit was basic, as is the heating and a hairdryer. With the windows open the noise is atrocious even at night, but does provide a bit a cool air, with it shut the room was claustrophobic and the fan was ineffective unless left on all night. The bathroom was built for midgets - sat on the toilet one could touch the opposite wall with…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Outdates hotel with good location,"I have stayed at St.giles many times and often on work trips. The singlerooms are very small. The last time i stayed there the room had a bad smell, probably mould or something similar.  Very busy lifts, so be prepared to run the narrow ""kitchenstairs"". There are many other hotels with good location in London. I would never stay here if it wasn't booked to me by my office.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bring earplugs!,"Spent the night here whilst away on business. Reception staff very friendly and helpful, room spotlessly clean. The negatives? Room very small, plastic stirrer on tea tray - not helpful with the yoghurt I brought! Bathroom also tiny. Room very hot and stuffy, luckily hotel provides an electric fan. Try if you can to get a room away from the road - very noisy, glazed Windows no protection. Also poor soundproofing between rooms- could hear neighbour using bathroom! Carpet in room had web patches under desk, badly stained in corridor. Good price for a hotel in central London, but poor nights sleep, hotel dated and a little tired in places.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Hotel is excellently located just 5 min walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. There is a good bar and casion / leisure centre which I didn't use.  The room was small which is to be expected in London but was very hot given the unseasonably warm September weather.  Someone had at least opened the window which did help. Overall, the hotel needs a facelift I would say.  Will suffice for a short stay if you aren't looking to work in the room. To iron a shirt I had to go down the corridor to the ironing room which was fine but I can imagine there being a rush in the morning.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Oh so Handy and Value for Money,"Nearness to Convent Garden, all the theatres and walking distance to Buckingham Palace, St James Park, Cathedrals and the River Thames plus the upmarket shops is a plus for this hotel.   I did not pay top dollar to stay there and the room was adequate but the only concern was the shower would not suit a largish person.  I walked for miles and in a day did all the highlights of London - better than on a bus.  The parks are glorious and I never so so many well fed birds!.  Cafes around are various so again do not have to pay top dollar.   Good buffet breakfast bit like boarding school or on a cruise ship as they get the numbers through.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location at a reasonable price,"This hotel is situated in the heart of London and is easy walking distance to many famous landmarks. I stayed here with my daughter on a ""girlie trip"" to see a show and do the sights. Our room was small but clean and comfortable with an adequate shower and toiletries. I thought it was very reasonably priced for such a great location in the capital. There was plenty of choice at breakfast catering for all tastes I was especially impressed with the choice of coffees from the machine. All the staff we came into contact with were friendly and polite. I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to the capital, you can't beat it for the money.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A compact hotel with a brilliant location,"As most of the other reviews say; it's got small, compact rooms but they are well equipped. We stayed for 2 nights here last week when the weather was in the high 20's and it was HOT! We found the hotel staff lovely though, filling our bottles with cold water throughout the day and providing us buckets for the ice machine. There's also a Sainsbury's across the road! The room was spotless and the bed was extremely comfortable. The buffet breakfast has a great selection and would definitely recommend including it. The location is certainly the best part of this hotel - 2 minutes walk from the nearest tube station and about a 15 minute walk from most of the theatres. And as its central, you can always get a cab fairly quickly or ask the concierge to contact one. Can be noisy at…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good position,"We had a very good stay for 3 nights in this hotel. The location was excellent for the West End, Covent Garden and Oxford Street. Only small problem is the size of the lifts. As it's a tourist hotel there are a lot of coming and going and the restricted size of the lifts (4 in total) meant you sometimes had to wait to be able to get in. Other than that I would stay here again when visiting London.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mouse in bed room,The first night I thought someone was showering at 3am . The second night there was a mouse??? Eating chocolate on my bed side table. I now believe  it was not water on a shower curtain but rustling paper by the mouse ??  There was no biscuit in our room ( now I know why)  When I complained I was not taken seriously .  Would not stay again .,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Like a sauna ,"Centrally placed a few mins from the main attractions such as Covent Garden and theatre land etc... hotel is tidy and clean but way over priced. Hotel during our visit was very, very hot. Uncomfortable to say the least. Breakfast was great and included in the price. Cheerful but by no means cheap but then again nothing is in the smoke. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Feel ripped off,We stayed for a business trip with people arriving and leaving on different days. Colleagues travelling from other countries and all arriving late in the evening.  Rooms had been booked and confirmed several weeks in advance. On the first night our first arrivee a single lady came to check in and was told that there was no room booked. The desk staff rearranged and 'found' a room but she would have to check out and in again the next day. We were told the best day that she had been a 'no show' and we'd be charged for this!  The next day we had 4 guests arriving and after several calls to booking and the desk for reassurance were told that rooms were definitely booked. We returned to book in again at 9.00pm with others arriving later to be told that there were no rooms available.…,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"After seeing some of the reviews on here we were a bit dubious about staying but was pleasantly surprised yes in some places it's a bit run down & it's not the most attractive hotel on the outside. The room was spotless,bed was comfortable,breakfast was nice,room wasn't too hot it was nice and dark and we slept well only thing was the extractor fan in the bathroom didn't work. We had a lovely stay and would definitely stay again as was very close to the underground and in walking distance to lots of places of interest.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Stayed here foe a weekend break last week and must say it's a fab hotel the rooms are clean and a comfortable bed to sleep in the breakfast was lovely and hot and plentiful served on hot plates , the location couldn't be better as right in the centre of everything shops theatres bars , the underground is 2 minutes walk away and the buses even closer , looking to go back in February , will be staying here again",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Little Rabbit hutches.....!!,"Very disappointed with the St. Giles, I get the bustling and busy thing, it is London after all but for a big hotel, everything seemed to be small...... The room we had was tiny, only about a foot to spare either side of the bed! It was also red hot on what was not a particularly hot weekend. The hotel bar downstairs was also small, it had too many armchairs and sofas, when there is not so much room the chairs and sofas should be sacrificed for tall tables and stools. For the money I did not think the St. Giles was very good value at all.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel,One night in St Giles hotel was enough for me Paper thin walls  Shower fit for a dwarf Lifts on go slow and feeling decidedly unsafe Outside noise like scenes from West side story  Grubby area grubby little hotel,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Visit,"St Giles Hotel is very well located, very busy, reasonably priced. The rooms are small, but clean & tidy, with a good strong shower. Breakfast was fine, but best to eat early as its really busy. The only bad point that we had was poor service at the bar, in fact we left as it was that bad!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nothing Special,"Completely average, not remarkable or interesting. Wifi isn't free, neither is pool, or other amenities. Rooms are small, but that doesn't bother me. It seems to be in a nice area with many pubs and restaurants nearby. Overall I wouldn't recommend this hotel because it is kind of bland, and not tasteful, in my view. That said, it's not bad.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,This is one of my favourite hotels to stay at in London. Good location great rooms and an excellent bar situated in the hotel.  Your also able to leave luggage and items I reception with a ticket.  Highly recommend this to anyone wanting a nice base to travel around London   ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate ,"What most reviews say about this hotel is accurate ; location, location, location!!! The location is it's prime feature.    The gym downstairs is owned by the ymca and is very nice and a huge facility. The £5 a day you pay for the gym includes access to these classes,  which is very handy.   The room itself is minuscule (unfortunately I didn't take any pictures but you get the idea from other reviewers). You have to shower in the dark as there is no light directly in the shower. Drainage was a real problem in my room on the 5th floor- the sink, toilet and shower bubbled. It was gross. After a day there I ended up showering at the gym most of the time.   The bed is adequate, very irritating that you can't get the window open the whole way. The actual space in the room is pretty…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A most comfortable two nights stay ,My sister & I booked the hotel through Show & Stay as we were going to see two shows. It's in a fabulous location (despite the renovation of buildings nearby & the roadworks) it really was a pleasant stay. The staff were very friendly & helpful throughout our stay. Most obliging from arrival to leaving. On leaving we were able to leave our cases at the hotel while we had a few more hours sight seeing (you have to vacate rooms at 11:00). Breakfast is adequate although it can get a little busy in its canteen style appearance but for a 3* you wouldn't really expect any more. The Bedroom & the bathroom were very clean albeit basic. The location is a real plus and we would certainly stay here again without hesitation.  ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nearly but not quite,"St Giles hotel Tottenham Court Road London  Sep 6-8 2016 Twin room  Upon arrival you are met with friendly staff, very quick to book you in, is floor 12 OK ? They asked, of course we replied, until we got in the lift to see the lift only had 11 floors. Come out the lift, climb a few small steps to floor 12, all good when you have a Fitbit challenge on the go. The room itself, is more than adequate as a base, twin beds, plenty of cupboard space, small to, kettle, tea coffee making facilities, oddly though, no tea-spoons left at all after any visits by the room cleaners, however a quick visit to McDonald's and wooden stirrers solved this issue. Strangely the bathroom which was shower only, only left one hand towel, and one bath towel, so you may need to ask for more if you stay.…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"St Giles is situated within walking distance from all of londons west end theatres,shops and other amenities. It's not the most spectacular hotel in the world but it's somewhere comfortable to lay your head for the night,don't be expecting miricles from this hotel",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2star based on location,"A little bit of a sad large metropolis hotel. Small, hot rooms with just enough space to swing the proverbial cat... Location is awesome however, with easy walking access to Covent Garden and Leicester Square",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for London on a budget ,"I had a small standard double on 2 very hot evenings and had a very comfortable stay.  The room was small but well fitted with a comfy bed and good fan.  The hotel is located on Oxford Street, however the noise is minimal.  As a lone traveler, I felt safe and well looked after.  Breakfast was good with plenty of choice. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Impressive hotel in central London,"Having stayed in St Giles on a Thursday night on the 11th floor our view of London was amazing!  The room was a deluxe twin as I was staying with a friend although the twin beds where pushed right against each other and it just made a extra large double bed, not a problem for us & was a very comfy bed.  We had a small lounge area off the bedroom which is definitely a nice touch and makes it appear bigger than it is, as the bedroom was small although lovely!  The bathroom isn't anything special it's fairly small but was clean.  All staff we encountered were polite and helpful. All in all a very enjoyable stay and so central you can either walk or catch the tube all around London! Perfect for what we needed!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,not bad if you get a deal,"this hotel is good if you get a deal and the hotel staff are good. However the rooms are not worth some of the prices i see advertised. I manage to get a room for £90 and thought that was a good price. My room was on the eight floor..couldn't locate the air conditioning, and for safety reasons, the window opens just a few inches. The traffic can be heard loud and clear through the night and day.  The choice suffocate or bear the noise. The room is on the small side but ok. The bathroom is very small with a very small shower cubicle. The shower control was not fitted very well to the wall, so had to handle carefully. Went into the Hudson bar which is connected to the hotel. The bar and restaurant looks fine, however the area has mice.  A mouse ran across the floor from the…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The location is the best, very close to underground, bus stations, restaurants, .....etc.great value for money.Rooms are very small.The front office guys are really amazing and very helpful.The restaurant is very crowded.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy location.,"We recently stayed at this hotel and found the location to be ideal.   Just off Tottenham Court Road it is well placed for easy access to central London.   As others have noted, we did not have any air conditioning, and had to rely on a freestanding fan in the corner of the room.    The room itself was adequate.    Sure the fixtures are looking a little dated but the price we paid was excellent for London.   The only main negative about the room was the cooking smells that overtook the hall ways.    Could not tell if this came from the nearby restaurants, or those linked to the hotel, but with the hall windows open to provide fresh air, they had the opposite effect.    Would I stay here again?    Yes as long as the price was right.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well worth the money,"A clean, but small double room in the middle of London. I could put up with the confined  space, due to the fact we had a compact few days in London and were just using the Hotel to sleep. There is no air conditioning, so it is the window open and fan on. The noise is intrusive, but itis the middle of the City.The European breakfast was exactly that. There was a full English, Yoghurt, as well as ham and cheese. It was busy, so is more like a school canteen. However, the food was plentiful, hot and fresh. If you are only paying £114 for a double room including breakfast, this is the place to go.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another visit to this great hotel,"My home away from home the St. Giles Hotel, really can't fault the place. It's cheaper than most of the other central London hotels (£127 for a Saturday night in central London), without compromising on quality. When I walk in there is a long queue for check in, now note to self, when the hotel is kind enough to send you an email with a link enabling you to check in on line, DON'T take a photo of the email thus rendering the links inoperable... DOH!   So luckily they are an efficient bunch on reception / check in and the queue was dealt with quickly. My room (454 on the fourth floor) was ready, despite it being 12 and the hotel having check in from 2pm. The room is a double en-suite with all the usual amenities, hair-dryer (those who know me know why this is so important), fan,…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No AC and Too Noisy!,They have no AC so you have to open the window and use the fan provided. I am on room 303 and the noise from the outside construction (it is now 12:48 am) is deafening! I  I do not recommend this hotel if you want to get any sleep with the windows open!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Vacation hotel,"We were very disappointed by this hotel. Our travel agent thought we were getting a room with air conditioning and we unfortunately did not get that. The room was very small, had no a/c, had to leave the window open at night so we would get some relief, and in the morning found ants on our bed! and because we had to leave our window open we heard loud noise from the street. Breakfast was crowded and not that good. Coffee awful, just had cereal and a croissant. The bathroom was very tiny and they did not provide wash cloths, hand towels. Just a few bath towels. Location was good and the concierge was helpful but would not go there again.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice weekend,"Stopped at this hotel before and will do again. The rooms are clean , tidy and well equipped. Booking in is a breeze with cheerful staff and plenty of lifts to get you to your room. Breakfast is basic but well cooked and plenty of it. All the staff are great and the luggage department help us get a taxi.  Perfect for shopping, the hotel is on Oxford Street.and all the theatres are easy to get to.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"Great hotel, just what was needed for a long weekend sightseeing break. Room was on the first floor and yes there was Street noise however that is to be expected when staying so close to the action!  We had a twin room and this was big enough for two, the television has freeview which was nice, as meant we could have this on whilst the other person was in the shower.  The room was exceptionaly clean, the bathroom small but adequate. The concierge team were fantastic and helpful.  The hotel is located brilliantly within a five minute walk to the British museum, fifteen minute walk to Covent Garden, trafalgar square, soho etc.  Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel but only for 1 night,ideal for overnight stays great location for soho and theatreland. Rooms are small clean and functional.lifts are very busy around check-in/out times power show not very powerful.higher floor rooms have air con also have good veiws of london rooftops very close to tottenham court rd station.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay ,"We went to London for the weekend and this hotel is just brilliant. It's so close to the Tottenham Court Road tube station  and Oxford Road is 2 minutes away. It's just a fantastic location. We stayed in a standard twin room. It was a lovely room, the beds were comfortable and the room  was clean. We stayed bed and breakfast. Breakfast was good with plenty of selection. We went for breakfast at about 8am and there was plenty of space. The staff are helpful and friendly. For a trip to London this hotel is a must stay place. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Heart of West end at a good price,"This was room only at a good price. Perfect for 1 night stay when doing shopping and a show. A big hotel with efficient staff. It was hot, but there is a fan. It is in the busy West End so it will be a bit noisy, but our busy time meant we slept like logs. The room was clean as was the bathroom and the shower was good. Husband also stays here for work when in London.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Went to Theatre.,"had the best time in London, Went to see a lovely show, Beds were lovely to sleep in, nice n comfy room was lovely overlooking the BT tower, service was super, left our luggage with the lovely gentlemen, would definately recommend to anyone travelling here.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We only stayed for one night in order to visit friends who have a pub in Soho.  The hotel is perfectly situated on top of a car park and there is an excellent discount provided you remember to get the concierge to stamp your car park ticket - we saved £15!  The hotel itself is really nice and the staff second to none for friendly service.  Our room was very small and quite warm, although we just opened the window and switched the electric fan on.  As is often the case in London at the moment, there are building works being carried out next door and this makes for a lot of noise with the window open, not to mention the 'merry' folk on their way home picking fights and throwing traffic cones and barriers around outside!    The buffet breakfast was excellent, with a good choice of…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing location,"This hotel was in the middle of the central London!  You can get to everywhere by walk. It was amazingly convenience!! There is restaurants, malls, theater, and the subway station in few mins walk. I love the cafe right in front of this hotel.  You may enjoy this public bicycle that you can rent for 24 hours for only 4 pond ! It was had to bike in the city but if you pick to go way around not busy area, it's perfect! Like the Hyde park biking was amazing!!    The hotel room size was average, enough room for suitcase and got mirror desk and lights. Bath room was very clean.   And the mostly staffs are very kind and friendly! =)",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two nights in London for show,"Rooms are small, but have all amenities. Air conditioning not good, very noisy. Stay very good for the price. Breakfast excellent.  Hotel is near Tottenham Court road tube so great for Theatres, and only 15 minutes walk from Covent Garden.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Four day break...,A perfectly located hotel. All staff very pleasant and helpful...  Unfortunately during our stay there was construction work being carried out very close-by so a bit noisy in the morning but that was not the hotel's problem.  The Concierge team looked after our bags after checking out and were very helpful with booking taxis...  All in all a great choice and would definitely stay there again and recommend to others...,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"You cannot beat the location of this hotel, especially if you are out in the West End. It is a large hotel and good value for money. Rooms have everything you need, but could do with updating and more comfortable beds. I can't recommend the breakfast, which was poor quality and not worth the money, better to find somewhere to eat locally.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic hotel in convrnient location,"Comfortable bed in pleasant room but only basic: no refrigerator, no air-conditioning (although an elrctric fan is supplied). Did not try restaurant/breakfast. Concierge a little over-zealous.  Convenient location for all that the West End has to offer. Close to underground. Numerous bus services in the vicinity.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel chosen for Theatre Break.,"Hotel conveniently located for Theatre & all the main shops but disappointed with hotel accommodation.  Room small for 2 adults sharing, no air con, bathroom tiny.    At time of booking, the brochure did not mention no air con to standard rooms.    Spoke to reception staff & raised concerns only to be told that none of the standard rooms have air con!! This is why there is a table fan in rooms.    Also when booking hotel we asked for a quiet room instead our room is noisy at all hours of the night.    We also asked about this at reception but we were told if we wanted to move rooms we would have to phone 'Reservation Line"" to see if there were any better rooms available but there would an additional charge which we were not prepared to pay as we have paid more than enough for…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Located on Bedford Avenue just off Tottenham Court Road and close to the Tube station. A great base for anyone wishing to visit London. Walking distance from the shopping district at Oxford Street. Plenty of buses. Nice hotel. Been there with friends. Nice restaurant, nice bar, prices are ok",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK for a short business stay!,Fairly conveniently located and I understand a reasonable price for the area.  Most aspects OK including the Reception Experience and Breakfast but not one I will be rushing back to.  Two main challenges;  My single room was adequate but little more than that.  The real problem was with the temperature. It has been a hot and sticky week in London but the AC is totally inadequate and a stand-alone fan not really up to the job. This would certainly have to be fixed before I returned.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to many attractions,"We had a double bed, it is quite small and the rooms a small as well but standard for London. You are close to tubes and Oxford street, and walking distance to the West End Leichester Street & Trafalgar Square. The room has a safe but no bar fridge. The room was clean and the concierge are very helpful. They have access to fix price taxi rides to airport as well. The breakfast had lots of variety as well.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and compact ,"Had an overnight stay on a visit to London. Nice room but bit warm during the night. Shower was a bit hard to get into for a larger person. Lifts you had to be quick to get in once the bell rang, helped with the 2 person tag team ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average,"The hotel is just inside the congestion zone so be aware. The carpark is under the hotel and costs £40 a day but is discounted via the concierge. Check in was okay but wifi costs £5 and cash only??? My room was on the 11th floor. Lifts are necessary, crowded and slow. The room was ok but thankfully had aircon. Breakfast was at best mediocre and expensive for what it was (£9.95). Check out was swift.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Stopped here as attending a conference in London.  The Hotel was easy to find near Tottenham Court Rd tube. And very close to the Dominion theatre.  The staff where very friendly and polite.  No bath towels in the room on arrival. But a quick phone call and some arrived.  We thought it would be noisy as just off a main room. But with the windows closed we couldn't  hear it. The room was small and basic, but the bed were comfy.  The room was clean",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay as always,Conveniently located near central London.  Close to the underground. Had a single room. Big enough for one person for a short visit. As I'm out most of the day it is big enough. Staff was very polite and helpfully as always. Never had a bad time here,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is good.,"Great location near to Oxford Circus.  I was booked in by my employer so can not talk about value for money but was not impressed by a single room.  I was on the second floor in a tiny single room with a small bed, the double glazing was poor and so my sleep was disturbed by the noise from the street outside despite using gell ear plugs. The bathroom was equally tiny and at some point over the past few days their must have been a flood of some description as the carpet in the bedroom was damp, a rather unpleasant discovery late at night when I took my footwear of to go to bed.  As I mentioned the location is key to this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An Attic Executive Room?,"This is the second time we have stayed in this hotel this year.  Our stay in June was in a standard room, which was quite tiny but adequate for the price we paid.  It had no airconditioning but the room had a table fan, which was fine when the weather was cool, but uncomfortable when it was hot.  So this time we booked an Executive Room, thinking that it will have better facilities.  This so-called Executive Room was located at the Roof Terrace (RT) on the 13th floor of the hotel. You had to go up to the 11th floor and then take a mini lift (can fit only 2 persons and 2 bags) to the 13th floor or you could walk up two flights of steps.  There were still some more steps to get to level 13 and it was quite a struggle with luggage in tow.    We were surprised to find the previous…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and good value,"Location couldn't be better for a theatre/shopping/eating trip. Rooms are on the small side but have everything needed - toiletries/hairdryer/tea-coffee facilities. Parking also very convenient as car park is located underneath with good discount for hotel clients (GBP 25 a day, which is good for London prices). Just outside the hotel (20 metres) there is a French bakery good for breakfast, plus another couple of choices nearby. Walking distance to Covent Garden where you are spoilt for choice of restaurants. Only downside is that it can be noisy. We had the window open (there is no aircon though they do provide a fan) and revellers from the bars and casino on the ground floors seem to take a long time to say goodbye at 4.30-5.00 in the morning! However, this was a weekend, and…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central London base ,"I have stayed in the St Giles every time I have visited London for the past few years. It's a short walk from Central London and the west end right next to Tottenham court Rd underground station. This year I was traveling alone and booked a single room. I thought it would be worth doing a review to show pictures of the single room. It was small but had everything I needed, no complaints but don't expect a double room for 1 if you book a single. The staff are great and were particularly helpful to me at check-in with any questions or requests I had. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the st Giles to fellow travelers. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Sweltering in land of pebble dash,"The positives about this hotel are the supportive staff, the location (e.g. one minute walk to 'Bodyguard', one underground stop to theater land, and wonderful restaurants in side streets).  Sadly we were unable to sleep in the tiny room due to the heat or loud fan noise used to cope with the heat.  The lack of sleep influenced our enjoyment of the whole trip.  Unless the company can resolve this issue we would not recommend the hotel.  Also more honesty about the size of the room would give people the option of booking elsewhere.  On a design note, what were the London planning department doing allowing a pebble dash exterior next to beautiful Georgian buildings.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Located on Bedford Avenue just off Tottenham Court Road and only yards from the Tube station. A great base for anyone wishing to visit London. Walking distance from the shopping district at Oxford Street. The hotel rooms are small but come with a shower bath, TV, hair drier, kettle and fan.  The hotel is has its own restaurant and is linked to another bar and a casino. 24hr reception, option for B&B, ice and vending machines. Almost everything a guest could need. I would have no problem with staying here again.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So affordable and yet so good,"This affordable hotel in a great location is an excellent choice if you don't care too much about your room as they are small and quite run down. The hotel makes up for it with great staff and service. Chris,the concierge, went five extra miles to help us arrange transports and ended up saving us lot of money and trouble.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Have booked this hotel a few times through superbreaks and hotels direct when booking theatre breaks. It's not the fanciest hotel in the world but the location is very central which is why we have always chosen to stay here. The rooms are small but clean & comfortable and they provide a decent breakfast. Will be returning and would recommend.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,More like St. Viles...,"Hotel does not have a pool. The pool in the photographs is part of a leisure centre around the corner - although technically owned by the hotel, you are required to pay a daily fee.  All advertised facilities fail to mention the additional charge.  I'm not entirely sure what the hotel are using this money for as it is dirty, dated and run down.  Location was ok - a short walk to the Dominion theatre.  Bar was lively but distasteful, using Church pews as seating and even a Pulpit as a DJ deck.  Stayed August 2016, traveled as a couple",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location,"stayed here for visit to Dominion theatre ,Wembley Stadium etc. once again we had a pleasant stay hotel well located for visiting London ,Tottenham court road underground station is within a short walking distant as is the Dominion theatre and Oxford street for shopping ,room clean and compact and shower in bathroom ,ideal for what we wanted , checked in on line to save time as reception can get quite busy ,on arrival went to concierge desk for key as instructed to be informed that the system is not in place yet ,so had to join the queue .staff very friendly and obliging and another enjoyable stay",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Spot on except for the Heat !,"As others have already stated..it's Location is the major plus,tube station(Tottenham Court) across the way which is at the start of Oxford street,a 10 min. leisurely stroll down Charing Cross rd to Leicester Square, Covent Garden also nearby, so ideal for shoppers & sightseers. The Hotel quite is large,nice Pub/Bar with good seating area(didnt use the eating facilities). The Room(twin) was a good size,better that expected to be honest but I must mention the heat in the room was hard to stick at times esp. the bathroom felt like being in a steam room!A Fan is supplied which is badly needed as there was no AirCon. other than that I would highly recommend St Giles and would defo stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel for one night. I was invited down from Suffolk to perform at The Poetry Cafe in Covent Garden, and thought this hotel was in an ideal location for a nights stay.  The hotel was bigger than we had expected. The room was small but we aren't fussy about things like that. The only thing we ask is for a good nights sleep, especially after a long night of performing and after show drinks.  Sadly, we were kept awake all night thanks to construction works going on outside. We stayed on the first floor of the hotel, so at the lowest point possible. We do understand that this isn't the fault of the hotel.  However, the next morning, we had no electric. I need my phone for business and constant emails, but couldn't charge it at the hotel. This also…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Relaxing stay,"When we checked in we were informed that we had been upgraded to an Executive room which was a good start. The room was nicely decorated and rather small but the shower room on the large size. It was a hot day and so the air conditioning was a god send. We were on 7th floor and had good views across London. Excellent central position, only a 10 min walk to Soho. We enjoyed a full English breakfast which was in the main restaurant. Music could have been lowered and more on the chill side in the morning. Would recommend and visit again",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel-perfect for Oxford/Regent St and the West End,"I was worried about the reviews about the room size but was pleasantly surprised. Our twin room had plenty of space , large wardrobe and dressing unit, bathroom was compact but perfectly functional and all very clean. The hotel has fantastic facilities- a 24 hour diner, a bar , an Italian restaurant-all of which we sampled and all great food and very welcoming staff. There is a casino and spa/gym facilities which we did not have the chance to visit. The hotel is literally around the corner from Oxford Street - a few steps away ! A taxi from Euston rail station to hotel cost us £6 and same cost from hotel to west end. Had to leave the window open all day and night as was very warm weather and no air con ( not that i could find) and as we live in the country could hear passing…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"This hotel is a great location to Oxford street and right across from a subway station, would definitely recommend this to anyone who is travelling to London as a tourist, rooms are basic but has everything you need and is clean! Bar was reasonably priced and looked really nice. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,My friend and I stayed at St Giles Hotel over the  August bank holiday weekend and were very impressed.  Firstly we had been upgraded to executive king with free breakfast in the VQ restaurant.  The receptionist who checked us in was very friendly and helpful as was the other staff we were in contact with.  The rooms were clean and bright with a lovely view overlooking National Museum and further afield the Shad and London Eye.  We had a truly wonderful stay and will be back again in December.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I stayed at St. Giles for one week while visiting London.  Check in was a bit slow, but the staff was very kind.  This hotel had plenty of shopping nearby and close to the Tube and a 10 minute walk from the theater district. The room was small , but adequate for just my son and I.  The beds were not the most comfortable, but they were clean.  Breakfast was the same everyday.  Good choices, but nothing special.  Wifi is available in the lobby, but you have to get the password from the restaurant.  Room wifi was very expensive.  In summary, the room is adequate, not a lot of frills but a great location.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Less is definitely not more,"We stayed at St Giles as part of a package tour. We found it not worth our money. Too little of everything. Not enough experienced help on checking in (wrong opening times of swimming pool by our Roumenian member of staff), not enough assistance when asking for a larger more airy type of room ('all rooms are the same' we were told (which was a flat lie) but no one told us we could have asked for an upgrade to a more spacious room). St Giles favours everything LESS: less space in the rooms, less butter or sugar for breakfast (study the portions, they have been studied, too). Poor quality breakfast and poor quality accommodation.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cute business orientated hotel in great location,"This hotel is in great location, just around the corner from Tottenham Court underground station, and 5 min walk from Leicaster square.  Rooms can be better, they are small, single/double/triple bed room but comfortable for short stay. Wifi needs some improvements. Staff is helpful and pleasant, breakfast area is good. If you are looking for a place to relax before/after exploring London it is good place, if you are looking for something more then just a sleeping room, i would not recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,WiFi charges?,The location of this hotel was excellent for visiting the theatre and shopping. They could do with air conditioning in the rooms though and the five pound per day charge for WiFi was very steep. This hotel is very central though and is ideal for shopping/theatre trips. The reception staff were very professional but not that friendly. I would recommend this hotel for it's location.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Definitely AVOIDABLE,"Let's start with the room first, It was SMALL, so small that you could not turn on the single bed placed against the wall. If you did, you would fall right off, but that's OK, because you wouldn't fall on the floor - you would be stuck between the bed and the opposite wall - Yes, that SMALL and I'm not exaggerating.  It was almost impossible to get any service in the Restaurant either.  We had booked for 4 days and decided to leave after one night. The hotel was popular with shady Russian airline staff. The Hotel was quite large and seemed decent from the ratings and pics when we booked. Quite different once you land there. Definitely AVOIDABLE",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap hotel,"Very handy for Heathrow, clean tidy large room good car parking very good rate per night buffet breakfast which is good and a large choice should be enough for any one to choice from . Good bar in hotel very pleasant staff ideal for quick overnight stop ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"Having read some of the negative reviews I was quite sceptical about this hotel. However on arrival I have been very pleased with it. Concierge were friendly and helpful, going out of their way to hail a cab for us. Reception staff were friendly. We requested a higher level, south facing room as I had read that this was better views and quieter. We got what we asked for. The window didn't open fully but presume this is for safety. The room was big enough for our requirements. We had a twin and the beds were the comfiest I have slept on in a hotel for a very long time. Had a great nights sleep. The ensuite is small but modern and clean and did the job. There are plenty of cafes, eateries around the hotel and just round the corner from Oxford Street. Perfect location. Little…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Could try harder ,"Been here many times and always enjoy my stay, but this time not so much, room very small, used to get a discount book to use in bar , restaurant's, but no longer, all vending machines were empty, Hudson's Bar in hotel is very expensive and has very poor service, (I think bar is separate from hotel). Good still but not Great. Staff are very good.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,There are better options. ..,"I booked because it was close to my business meetings.  I should have opted to stay at my preferred hotel and walk a bit further.    The rooms are small and the bathrooms tiny.   The check in procedure is complicated and overly long. Or maybe their computer systems were simply slow.  The staff were not the friendliest. And of course the WiFi was not free!  I got the impression that the hotel is popular with tour groups,  so I hope not to end up behind such a group when checking in or needing assistance.   For the same price or less there are better options. ",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Craig was so helpful,Carole and sue..support workers from Staffordshire took our lady in a wheelchair to this hotel...He was so supportive...He looked after us and nothing was too much trouble for him ...the black cab taxi drivers were also amazing...please support them xxx,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok but needs upgrade.,"A good central hotel.  Rooms on the small side but comfortable beds and  at least we had air conditioning. First morning we were sent to the VQ bar/restaurant for breakfast. Cold coffee, very hard bacon, no jam or marmalade to put on the toast, if you could call it toast- it must have been in the toaster for at the most 10 seconds!  The next 2 mornings we asked to have breakfast in the self service restaurant.  Great meal  both mornings.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Just returned from a couple of nights stay at St Giles. I visited with my mum and we had a twin room which was a great room. It included hairdryer, fan, safe and tea making facilities.   The breakfast was good, well laid out and plenty of choice.  The location of the hotel was fantastic, short walk from Tottenham Road station and also short walk to Oxford Street, theatres and Soho.  Would definitely choose this hotel again!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Brilliant Location ",Stay here for two nights In a single room was clean and well laid out room. The bathroom was a little small but did me shower was good. Have already booked to go back next year.  Bar downstairs was very nice staff very helpful and friendly especially the concierge,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I stay at this hotel on a regular basis when I'm working in London. It is so convenient, not only  for work, but for shopping and theatres within walking distance. And if you don't feel up to the walk, Tottenham Court Road tube station is just around the corner. Rooms vary from small and basic to larger executive style, but all are clean and the staff are friendly. Only downside is you have to pay extra for wifi in your room. £5 for 24 hours.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Funtional Hotel,"Good position, very helpful staff, the room was small and there was very little natural light however it was quiet and the bed was comfy. Not impressed with breakfast the orange juice was disgusting, there were no milk jugs available for your tea, poor selection of fresh fruit only apples. Bacon and toast ok. No fried or poached eggs available.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nightmare of a stay in St. Giles Hotel,We requested on booking.com that we needed a wheelchair accessible room for my mother. We even got an email about the request. The day I did the check in they said the wheelchair accessible room is not available as it was taken and instead I was given a very tiny room in which the wheelchair cannot even go through the room door and till the toilets.  I asked the reason for not giving me the wheelchair accessible room and the answer given by the staff was that 'its a request made by you but you did not get any confirmation from us that we would be giving you the room. The request cannot always be fulfilled.' I was perplexed with this careless answer by staff. I demanded another room to the manager and he told me they have one another room which will allow the wheelchair to enter…,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but hotel needs upgrading,"The location is great just off Oxford Street, near the underground, loads of restaurants of varying prices. I have stayed at many budget chains including Premier Inn  and Jury's Inn. i think St Giles should at least upgrade it's room to the standard of these two chains.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip ,"Stayed one night and the hotel was ok. Clean and tidy, but very small standard room.  Breakfast was not great and the coffee was appalling, but it was somewhere to put your head down after a theatre visit, so it did the job.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"This is my second visit of the year. The location is excellent. On the corner of Oxford Street, 15 minute walk to Covent Garden & The Strand. Only downside is the lifts and lack of WIFI. I mostly used the stairs as there was always a massive queue for the lifts. Also on this visit, my room was quite near to the lifts. So every few minutes during the night I would hear the 'ping'! Room was boiling, opening the window only let noise in and no air. Room and shower room both tiny. However, this a good hotel; staff were polite when we needed anything. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This is the second time that we have stayed at St Giles and on both occasions we've enjoyed our stay.The rooms are fairly small but perfectly adequate for somewhere to stay for a long weekend...after all who goes to London to stay in their room all day! Rooms are clean and beds very comfortable,we had breakfast included and found that if you go down about 7.30am you avoid the crowds.Location of hotel is fantastic,close to theatres ,soho,china town and Oxford street only minutes away.Tottenham court tube station and bus routes 3 minutes away.For the price we paid for a hotel in such a central location I really can't complain,we'll definitely be staying here again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasent,"Nice hotel, good location clean and tidy , only Complaint rooms and so hot! Door man very helpful had quite a wait for the lifts  at times, good Pice for a central hotel in London tho also with the option of breakfast. Was also able to leave bags there on our last day until we ready to collect.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brill hotel only let down is they take one night's payment and then make you pay the whole payment again.,"Brill hotel in good location.  Had no faults with the hotel. The only down side is they took part payment a week before so we then phoned and they told us it was one night's payment they had taken. Online it said you could cancel up to the day before, which i thought was odd. Once we arrived are room was ready and they said the full amount needed to be paid. We then told him that we has already paid for one night,  he then said that it was booking.  Com take this and we'll get ir back within 3 days.  On checkout we thought this was strange so we phoned booking.com and they told us it was the hotel that had taken both payments. She contacted the hotel for us and they told her it can take up to a week to go back into the account. I don't see why money was needed to be taken before…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel ,"Lovely clean rooms in a very nice hotel with a central location. The rooms resemble the amazing location so are naturally on the smaller side. Breakfast was a good variety, it was hot and well served! The staff were very friendly and helpful!  We booked this as part of a theatre break and will be back! ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This hotel has 2 main advantages: First and foremost - its location, 2 minutes from Oxford street and Tottenham Court underground station, The second advantage - price, less than 100 pounds per night.  The staff is very welcoming and helpful and any demands are dealt with swiftly and efficiently.  However, the rooms are tiny and dated,  We stayed there for a week and since we left early in the morning and returned each night late at night it wasn't too bad. They charge for wifi which amazes me as every coffee shop (including the hotel's bar) offer it free ! and they charge 10 pounds for every hour of late departure. Another important consideration - no air condition, however they do supply a fan.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So far the worst hotel I ever booked in.,"I made a reservation for one night only on the Saturday 20th. August via Booking.com and I paid £109.  I was allocated the room 466 and it was literally a kennel.  Because I was in a rush to an event I did not pay much of attention, as I get dressed and left but on Sunday when I went to the breakfast room I was told that the breakfast was not included in the rate.  Shocked I went to the reception to complaint and the receptionist faked a bit of sympathise, not even giving me options to retain me.  I checked out immediately and by 10am I was out.   Overall horrible experience, I would not recommend this hotel even to my worst enemy. As a customer I really did not felt valued at all.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located London hotel,"The St Giles Hotel, London is a big hotel with over 600 rooms. It is located just off Tottenham Court Rd and about 200m from the tube station. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Soho and Chinatown and about 10 -15 minutes from Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square and the Embankment. It's near to a number of excellent retail areas including Oxford St and the aforementioned Covent Garden. It is particularly well located for theatre land and indeed is only about 50 yards away from the Dominion Theatre. The British Museum is just round the corner and is well worth a visit if you have the time.  The room we had was on the 7th floor of 12 and although you might expect a decent view all we got was the back of other buildings. the room was a double room although there wasn't really a lot of…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location!,"We (my 14 year old Granddaughter and I) were upgraded from a Deluxe Double to and Executive Double which meant a roof top room with views over the city, and free breakfast too.  An absolute bargain!!  I booked for the location and it was excellent.  We had several things to do on our list Speedy's Cafe (star of Sherlock), The British Museum, Les Mis and Covent Garden then lastly the Fortune Theatre for The Woman in Black. We were able to walk to everything. Marvelous!!",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"stinky rooms, bad food","Upon arrival, our room and the hallway leading to it smelled like a bad mixture of mold and body odor.   The rooms are quite small and not air-conditioned, and the street noise below makes it hard to sleep at night (seems like a bad part of town).  The breakfast buffet is the worst of any hotel I have experienced -- it is what I imagine prison food must be like.  The breakfast room staff were also quite rude.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic but great location,"Myself and my partner stayed here for 3 nights. The rooms are very basic but clean. They are very very small and there is no air conditioning which made it very hard to sleep. They do provide a small fan but it doesn't do much which meant we had to leave out window open all day and night. You have to pay £5 per day if you want wifi. It is great location, 2 minute walk from Tottenham court station. Overall don't expect much, if basic and central is what your looking for this is your place. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great priced hotel for central london,"Would recommend this hotel as in so central, 2 mins  (honestly) from Tottenham Court Road Tube station. Room was very clean and great for one night. Had a fan in the room for use as was August but not overly hot. Our only slight complaint would be the hotel say they have a 24hr restaurant/cafe which is on site....although after a certain time you have to access it via the street (round the corner) which is fine if when you go in the 2 very large bouncers didnt try and charge us £2.50 per person to enter. We said we were staying in hotel and would show them the key, however they said the charge is applied after midnight, it was 12.15....so as we were rather shocked at this ""entrance"" fee we said no its ok and walked across the road to Burger King and then took the food back to…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,I had another great stay at the hotel with family. It was perfect for our trip to the Dominion theatre that was a 2 mins walk. Also the ymca gym attached to hotel was the best gym I've used anywhere and we'll worth the  £5 entry charge.  Hotel service and breakfast was very good. I have stayed here 3 times and would stay again and highly recommended  it to others if you going to the theatre. ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Dad and I had two nights here and the location was fantastic - tube nearby or well walkable for virtually all the major London attractions. The parking is expensive (so is everywhere in London though) and while the restaurant is average - there is plenty of other options on your doorstep,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"We've recently returned from a 2 night stay here and would definitely recommend it. We arrived before check in but left our luggage with the concierge while we took in the sights. Our room was spotless albeit a tad small , but that didn't matter as we were out all day. The room had a fan that came in really useful as the Window didn't open wide and it was really hot. The room had a hairdryer which was a God send and the hotel also has an ironing room. The breakfast buffet was good too and all the food we ate was fresh and cooked well. I found the staff really helpful and polite. My only gripe was the slowness of the lifts! We were on the second floor so it wasn't too bad ! The hotel is in walking distance of some of the main sights and just off Oxford Street which was a bonus.…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value hotel,"It has been some years since we stayed at st Giles, and I remembered breakfast as being a real scrummage, fortunately the hotel has really upped their game with a lovely new restaurant area and breakfast was lovely, staff were all very friendly and helpful, room a little small but perfectly adequate for one night, and thankfully a fan was provided as it was a very hot night",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel / London holiday,"Good venue, staff friendly and helpful, food good with a variety on offer at dinner , rooms clean and comfortable.  Would go back to hotel, easy access  to London attractions.  Feltham shops close  by with a good variety of shops  and food outlets One disadvantage of hotel NO free wi fi. A big surprise  in a hotel catering for visitors.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,location,Stayed in this hotel for two nights Hotel staff friendly and helpful. Hotel very busy and had to wait for lifts for some time The   lifts to the right had a bad odour smell like urine which made us feel unwell as of the room very strong  musty smell could even smell when we got home on our cases and clothes everything had to be washed even our cases TV very small and so was room no aircon and Building site across road so window had to be shut very hot only a fan in room Breakfast very busy.stayed in many a Hotel in London and I think this was the worst.by far good points where it was tidy.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No to bad,Stayed here for a weekend and have booked again for december.. great location. after the first night we asked for money back on the next days breakfast as its terrible . Poss the worst ive ever hsd in a hotel. Staff were great and refunded. Rooms are very small. We asked for a high room to get views of london but the windows are very small but not a huge factor. Overall very worth the stay but like i say.. room was tiny.  Dont pay extra for the breakfast. Theres cafes n mcdonalds next door which are alot better value,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre and hotel deal ,"Great location for the theatre and the tube station. great clean twin room and cheap rates as a deal. Breakfast in the morning was really nice and plenty of choice.  We had a room on 11 floor which was good as less traffic noise!  I would definitely come back to this hotel.  Sainsburys, primark and Burger King straight outside for added bonus ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"I booked a room here directly with the hotel as they offered better rates than others such as booking.com and laterooms.com (and both these sites boasted ""limited time offer"").   I needed a room for one night somewhere central and the St Giles proved to be perfect.  A couple of minutes walk from the junction of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street, where Tottenham Court Road tube station is, and hence the rest of London.   The hotel itself is clean and tidy but I did find the guestroom floor corridors to be a bit of a warren.  Check in staff were helpful and welcoming.  In the morning I was disturbed by housekeeping knocking on the door at 9 o'clock wanting to clean the room.  This struck me as odd because they should have known I was leaving that morning (check out time 11:00…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean & great value, perfect location","Cheap and cheerful, very clean, perfect value break. Just near Tottenham Court Rd station, great bars and restaurants around, walking distance to West End theatres, just round corner from Oxford St. Staff very good, no problems at all. Noisy at night, even through closed windows, from outside, otherwise would have been 5 star rating....but what can you expect in the middle of a major city?!",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed 2 nights with family in 2 twin rooms. Nice and clean and well located, 1 min from Tottenham Court Road station and plenty of bars and eateries close by. Pleasant staff throughout and no hesitation would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in good location,"Nice hotel in a great location for a stay when visiting the theatre. The room was clean and pleasant, hairdryer and tea making facilities were provided. Air conditioning would have improved our stay as it would have made the room more comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Always very good,"We have stayed there a few times and always like it very mush, rooms are simple and clean and comfortable bed. The location is excellent, few meters to Tottenham undergrond, It is approximately one hour from Heathrow by undergrond and just need a switch platform ones on the way.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central location,"We went to this hotel last week, I booked it because it was close to the palace theatre where we we going to see Harry Potter and the cursed child.  We arrived by train to Waterloo and got a taxi to the hotel (which was £13) upon arrival the hotel looked from the outside quite daunting. A concrete monster my partner called it. But once inside it was less intimidating. We waited to check in at reception. We found the reception staff professional but brusk, there was no friendly smile or welcome. Our room was an executive King. It was spacious and the bathroom lovely with a double shower. The view not so good of a building site but we couldn't hear any noise from the site so just a disappointing view. We were in room 801 if that's a help to others. Breakfast the next morning was…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Friendly,"Despite scaffolding around the building this was a lovely overnight stay , the room was comfortable air con in good order and quite no view with scaffolding but we weren't there for the view  receptionist on duty were professional .child friendly  and restaurant with Italian them , also very good for overground train services ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice staff dated rooms,"I've stayed here a few times now mainly because of the fantastic gym underneath, but the annoyance is not the £5 charge but the fact you can't charge to your room. Same with the main bar at entrance it's separate?  The staff are brilliant and helpful, lifts are challenging but the rooms are clean.  You have to go to certain floors to use the iron. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,small singlke room for 2 nights,small but clean room could see out window so not too claustiphobic check in quick but no smiles or info given or even have nice stay no words spoken at checkout would have expected a goodbye did you enjoy stay will u be returning staff not knowledgeable can not communicate with other staff  could not give extra pillows should get good hospitable skills such as Travelodge where I had spent two nights where smiles hello can I help you are standard lifts don't stop long enough to get too liked icemakers on floors handy cheap for London so may go back,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Definitely would visit again!,"I booked at the very last minute and arrived at the hotel at around 1pm to find I could fully check in early! The room was spacious and clean with a powerful shower and comfortable bed. I went out in the evening with some friends returning to the hotel at 4:30am to be greeted by a very friendly, smiling member of staff behind the concierge desk who enquired if I had enjoyed my evening and was charm personified despite my early/late return! I would definitely visit this hotel again, the position is amazing and is such good value!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rooms great for short visit,"Rooms were small and compact, pillows and bed were okay for a couple of days, I couldn't sleep there for longer. Fans were provided as you couldn't keep the window open all night due to noise. Great place as you are close to oxford street and also the tube, Tottenham Court Road station was just on the corner, primark and sainsburys local are on the same road. Food in the hotel was nice although there was a flyer with a deal of beer and pizza but doesn't state what beer or pizza you could have which is quite rubbish as you get to the restaurant and are only allowed to choose out of 3 pizzas and you are only able to get carlsberg beer. I would recommend it for a couple of days but for no longer.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great experience,"It was a Nice clean Hotel,  the staff were very helpful  and polite , it was a buffet style  breakfast, the only downside was finding available tables as it was busy, but didn't wait too long. We had two single comfortable beds, and right opposite Primark so that was a bonus. Would stay again as it is pretty much central to most theatres.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Loved it! Location second to none!,"We were not sure what to expect with the St Giles as some of the reviews were not over complimentary. We need not have worried, the staff were extremely helpful, the rooms were fine - bed a bit small but comfortable. But the location for the hotel is absolutely brilliant. I have not got on a tube all weekend and have been walking all over central London!! The only problem in the hotel for my mind is the lifts, they are SO bad, it's almost funny. But a small price to pay for the location.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"I have stayed here a lot of times, booked a pre-paid single room and decided to upgrade onde I had paid, tried to call them om the phone but could not get through. Sent an email and then got a reply 3 dags later they did not have any more double rooms, so no upgrade.  The check in is a bit of a hassle, why do guests need to write down their personal information for the 20th time, why not just keep it in the system, the queue would be a lot shorter.  No vending machines were working and you have to pay £5 for Wi-Fi for 24 hours.  A lot of construction noises outside my room as well as there are some work beeing completed outside across the road.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel. Great Location. Decent Value for Money.,"Very lengthy wait to check-in. Room had a view of some concrete (and absolutely nothing else i.e. I couldn’t actually see any sky/road/anything else) about 2 feet away from it as it was squashed into a corner of the building. Lifts absolutely dreadful, had to wait over 15 minutes in the morning (had a bad knee so couldn’t take the stairs).   Room old and tired but reasonably clean. Bathroom adequate but no more than that. Lumpy and old bed which had seen better days (and nights).   Incredibly rude person cooking breakfast taking more notice of arranging his sausages than the guests; but a good selection of food despite this.   Good Central London location and on that basis, not bad value for money.   Not a great hotel by any means but handy location.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab location,"As taxi dropped us off we were greeted by concierge who took our cases for us.  Check-in was very quick and rooms were ready even though it was 11.30am.  We had a twin room which was very comfortable and clean.  As we were on the 11th floor, the window didn't open very wide so we were glad to be provided with a fan.  Breakfast was very laid back with a huge choice of food.  Location is great for sightseeing and tube network.  Would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Booked to stay for two nights easy access from the tube 3 minutes walk busy hotel the rooms are basic but very clean , no air con but a fan in the room for you ,which was okay , the breakfast area is okay the food good but getting a table you had to look for a clean on , no glasses for juice I had to ask , but they came straight away, the lifts are small and a long wait to go up and down, but if you are not fussed in a glamor hotel this is for you , friendly staff on arrival at the door and a nice goodbye when we left this is in Oxford street so handy for the west end ,china town, Covent Garden. So yes situated great . I would stay again .",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value,"Just had 2 nights at this hotel, booked through booking.com we were very satisfied  with the Hotel. The room was small but adequate  for us it was clean had a nice bathroom with walk in shower which was for once hot. There was also a safe in the room that was free.there was an ironing room on the same floor which guests could use. Breakfast was very good with a good selection  of hots and cold food. Staff were very  friendly  and helpful  we were able to leave are bags there after departure  so that was really good. Also the hotel is a good location  tube is just on the corner and Oxford Street is justhe in walking distance.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Large Hotel with small rooms and shower,Large hotel with very small room and shower pay/only wi-fi tea making facilities in room but no spoon! No toiletries supplied only soap. Breakfast is adequate but busy if you are not in the breakfast room before 08.00.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not even a 3 star on a good day ,"I stayed at the St Giles for 2 nights in August and it is honestly one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in. I've stayed in hostels that look like a 5 star resort compared to this place. First the rooms are TINY even by London standards. The wifi costs 6 pound a night (if it even works) which is ridiculous in 2016. The aircon is even louder than the outside noise and barely works. My boyfriend got such a bad headache from the noisy AC we had to leave the room. Finally the service is terrible, when I contacted the front desk for anything they just said that they were unable to help and wouldn't allow us to change rooms. Honestly pay an extra 15 quid and go to an Ibis or a hostel if you are looking for a budget hotel.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second stay,"This was our second stay at the St.Giles. We were greeted once again at the front door by a concierge.   When we got to the front desk we were asked if we had stayed before when we said we had she asked us if we knew what floor we stayed on and if we had a preference which floor we'd like to stay on this time. We said we'd like the higher the better, she said the sixth floor was the highest she could put us on and we thought that was fantastic! The view from our room was awesome!  We were able to leave our bags at the concierge desk free of charge until our room was ready.  Breakfast was a lot more relaxed and easier this time. Still a bit hectic but it's a big hotel what do you expect?  Our only issue was being a very warm weekend whenever we tried to get any ice from the…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice, large room and super clean","Booked a one night stay and loved the size of the room, was upgraded to a superior twin even though I didn't ask for it and with no extra cost - bonus! Breakfast was supposed to be 'continental' but ended up with a full English! Lovely bar area and tea room inside the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location friendly staff quiet room ,"I have just returned from a one night stay in London with my fifteen year old son. The hotel location is fantastic. It's a short walk from the West End, Oxford Street,  Soho and Covent Garden. It's also walkable to St James Park and Buckingham Palace.we arrived at 11.40 am and were able to check in straight away. The member of staff at the check in desk was very helpful and friendly and offered us a choice of rooms. We selected the 9th floor. The room was compact very clean and plenty of wardrobe space also quiet. The only negative is no air con and the window only opened half way. There was a desk fan in the wardrobe. Bathroom with shower perfectly adequate for our needs. The breakfast was fine with full English toast and cereal. We left our luggage with the concierge whilst we…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Me and my partner chose St Giles hotel because of its location, beside everything worth seeing in London. When we arrived they had booked us into the wrong room, one with two single beds and said they couldn't change!! Walking through the corridors was like entering into a dungeon.. Dull damp and dark.. Entering the rooms just topped it all of, the room was disgusting dirty.. There was a used tissue under the bed side locker, there was no room for the two of us to move and the bath room was all black marble and pitch black in the shower!! The air con didn't work, bathroom door wouldn't close, the was no wash products of any kind bar one 3 quarters empty that the last guest must of used ! Never again hotel should be ashamed.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Oh my god,This terrible 4 stars hotel gave us a small room to accomodate 5 of us  I even think we were in those old rooms they didnt fix yet Terrible experience The reception told us was the last one and not only they didnt change it but we also payed full amount,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. But check your room.,"When we checked in we got an room on the first floor. This room had an weird odor and a big green stain on the carpeted floor. Looked like water from the bathroom may have caused it. Went back down to the reception and they made a change without hesitating. Then we got an nice room on the 10th floor. So much better although it was a room the same size. You live so near everything, 5 minute walk from the Tottenham court road station and oxford street. The breakfast is not that much, but you have an grocery store across from the hotel. This is a great stay if you want to live near the oxford street, Chinatown and most of the theaters.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely ,We stayed in the roof top room very lovely and comfortable beds. Friendly funny staff will definitely stay again as main theater is not even 1 minute walk away. Easy access to casino 💰💰💰. Tube station is across the road too,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but poor hotel,"We stayed here for one night while visiting the theatre. Room and bed was so small, shower and sink were blocked, so water filled up in shower tray! Impossible to have a shower each. The room was also very hot and the air con was too noisy to have on all night.  We complained on checking out, nothing was taken off the bill, my husband received an email offering us a 5% off our next booking! As if we will be staying there again, not!!",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"We booked this hotel for 1 night in April with booking.com. Nice hotel, very quiet! :) Very close to the Underground and Oxford Street. Across the hotel is a Waterstones and you can take a nice breakfast in the coffeeshop around the corner. For the future trips to London I will go back to St Giles!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Find better if you can for the money?,"Because of its location and the time of year, the hotel was very busy with tourists. This was NOT any problem and they handled us all very well. We have stayed in many London hotels and this one certainly gave us a very pleasant surprise. They gave us an upgrade and we had a very spacious suite without us asking! Thank you St Giles.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Charges for Wifi.,"This is a very reasonably priced huge hotel that is well located near Tottenham Court Road tube station and from there, you can walk to many key sites in the West End. The staff are helpful. There is also access to the huge YMCA gym and pool (for £5 each visit) under the building.  A major gripe though is that this hotel charges for wifi (£5 per day) - no decent hotel does that nowadays!",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but not much else,We've stayed at this Hotel twice before so we were expecting small rooms and lots of noise. What we weren't expecting was the check-in shambles that greeted us. We knew we would be arriving around midday and that check-in wasn't till 2 but I had already rung the hotel and been assured that I would be able to check in early. When we turned up the rooms were not available and we were told to come back later. We left our luggage with the concierge and returned at 2.30. Our rooms were still not ready and we were asked to return n half an hour. Half an hour later the rooms were STILL not ready and I asked that the manager get involved. He eventually brought the keys to us in the bar. There were no real apologies or explanations. After a lengthy journey this was very disappointing.…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location!,"Perfect location, very central. Clean, albeit some what compact rooms but no more so than any other budget European hotel, perfect for what we needed it for (we were in town for a show). Having lived in London for 2 years I can safely say it was perfect location for anyone wanting to shop on Oxford Circus, socialise in Soho and take in a show in the West End. Tube station is only 3-4mins walk also with access to both Central and Northern Lines.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A cheap and cheerful hotel in a fantastic location. It's just so noisy!,"This is not a 5*, luxury hotel. It is very minimalistic and is cheap and cheerful. If you're looking for somewhere more 'luxurious,' this place is not for you. The location of this hotel is fantastic, it is right in the middle of everything! We arrived before the designated 'Check In' time, but both of our rooms were ready, so we were allowed to check in early, which is great! I think that here does need to be a few more signs posted on each floor showing clearly where the rooms are, the corridors are very windy and the signs are not clear about which rooms are where, so just take your time reading them, or ask a member of staff. The rooms are extremely minimalistic, and in places, a little tired looking. This was not an issue for us as we were in London purely for sightseeing,…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"location is great right next to a tube station, room is ok, a little dated, free use of the safe in room. swimming pool is good and hotel well priced for london if you book early. only draw back was having to pay for wifi should be free in all hotels now. 10 pounds for 2 days is a bit much",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel near everything,I arrived earlyer then the 2pm checkin and expected to have to wait a few hours for the room to be available. The room was ready and the check-in was very quick. Since i was alone i had the one bed room. It was small but there was room enough. It did not matter that the room was small since one does not spend alt of time there on vacation. I spent four nights there.  There was a fan in the room which gave cooling enough.   In busy times it can take awhile to wait for the elevator.  Will definatley book tips hotel again and recomend this to others.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My regular London hotel,"On this occasion the hotel was extremely busy and after a blip on arriving , sorted it professionally . It certainly takes slot of beating Hence why I always return. Clean, tidy, welcoming and caring. The bar next to it excelled itself with a club sandwich which was served with chips and mayo/tomato sauce. For £7.95 including coke a bargain. The sandwich was amazing and very filling . Yet again 5 stars too you . Well done! Thanks. Mike Yeomans Nottinghsm",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Stayed here for 3 nights in July. Highly recommend for anyone looking to stay at the St Giles Hotel.  There was a lot of people checking in at the same time but it was super quick.  I booked a classic double room, the room was small but very clean and has all the amenities you need. Bathroom was small too but really clean and it seemed to be recently updated.  Overall I would stay here again, the location and price cannot be beaten in this area of London..  ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,disappointing to say the least,"very disappointed with the staff and the rooms, and breakfast was minimal and they ran out of coffee!! the rooms were small and blinds didnt work, and they were not that clean. wont be staying there again. the only thing going for this hotel is the location. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs updating and a freshen up.,Only 1 accessible room.  Rooms not ready at advertised check-in time  Lift at entrance out of action but staff were happy to help.  Due to access problems we had to be assisted to use the staff lift to get to the dining room  Dining room hot - no air-conditioning Breakfast - Good food ruined bacon burnt & rashers 'fused' together. Not what I would expect for £10.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I expected more ,"St Giles is centrally located next to the Tottenham Court subway station.  The rooms have everything you need but space is limited.  Breakfasts were delicious but after three days of exactly the same breakfast whe wanted more variety.  A bonus is being able to walk across the road to Sainsbury's.  Our stay had a rocky start.  Our touring company who always send groups there had a credit card issue.  In stead of giving us our room keys,  we had to wait three hours until the issue was resolved.  The client came second.  The one lady at the front desk from Germany wasn't very forthcoming either.  The lifts were also very slow during busy times  I enjoyed my stay but I expected more.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nope. Nope. Nope.,"Let me begin by saying I am a hotel snob. I know it, and that's fine with me. To some it's not important to them where they sleep. And if that's the case, this hotel is for you I suppose. While I understand the need to be a budget conscious traveler occasionally, this hotel is just waaaay below standards. I get it, it's centrally located and offers a great location  (just off Tottenham Court Rd. Near the tube, West End, British Museum, Shaftesbury Ave...), at an affordable price (I snagged 6 days for $800 as opposed to most hotels in London that priced at well over $3,000 for the same days). But, the fact that I had bed bugs, asked for a new room and was denied and instead given new linens (what?!), had no air conditioning and it was soooo hot (even though when I booked the room…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,lies after lies and a manager who does care about general customers,We stay here on 30th -31th july for my husband birthday knowing we was going to watch a show so its my rule make sure you book tickets book hotel and train so i always do so in advance so did so in FEBRUARY plenty of time for everything to go right on the morning of going we had a phone call from the hotel in which they said they was going up to the room to make everything right this time as the last time we stay      there was a iusse or two but sometimes you have to believe thing will be better the next time HOW WRONG i was We arrive at the hotel 3pm the girl on reception didn't give me any convince that things had change so miserable and it seemed to take a long time to get us a room when we were told at 9am the room was being seen to she went off to get the duty manager who…,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location in a great city!,"St Giles is located as good as it gets, with practically all the ""must see"" attractions nearby.  You got the underground next to it and shopping streets like Oxford Street within a few minutes walk.  Great breakfast! Nice, helpful staff!  The rooms are small, but when in London you shouldn't spend much time there anyway! :-)",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,This hotel has a Great location in central London and within walking distance of the theatres. It is always busy and can be noisy depending on which room you get but great value for money. Good breakfast and also has a bar for a late night drink. Always has good offers on room rates.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money in great location,Stayed here again on our recent trip to London. It's great location is ideal for us as we frequent Soho quite a bit during our time in London and therefore is an easy walk back to the hotel. Small room but had everything we needed.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The location of the hotel is great, the reception staff very helpful and polite but it felt like a train station most of the time since it is so busy at all hours. The room we were given was tiny with a shuttered window which did not open. I did complain and we were given another room which was much appreciated. Wifi is not free and you have to pay for it which is quite a let down in this day.  If you don't mind crowds and queues for breakfast then you'll be ok with this hotel. I prefer a quieter environment though.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Website pics are misleading,"When you look at the website and reality looks nothing like it... The best way to describe this hotel.   The room was tiny. There is no air conditioning and the bathroom was smelly.  The hotel is centrally located, which was fantastic (very far from Heathrow so make sure you have a transfer) and close to the underground. Breakfast was good.  I'd think twice before I stay here again but enjoyed the location.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, friendly staff","Have stayed at the St Giles several times, it is in an excellent location if you are going to the theatre or shopping in Oxford Street. Room was an adequate size for our needs, good shower, tea and coffee making facilities, lets face it you don't go to London to stay in your room, so it had all we needed. The staff were extremely polite and could not have been more helpful, the breakfast was very good and for such a large and busy hotel was very well organised. There is building work going on across the street from the hotel but it didn't spoil our stay. Other guests have mentioned the wait for the lifts and you do have be a little patient but for the amount of people that stay here its not too much of a problem, I guess if you are staying for business it might be inconvenient…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never Again,I'm just back from spending a night in this hotel with my mam. It was disgraceful. We paid for a deluxe twin room. There was nothing deluxe about it. The beds were crammed together in a tiny space and instead of even a small wardrobe there was two hangers for your clothes. The bathroom was tiny to could barely move and had no lock. We had to pay for the £5 pound each for Wifi and £20 for a late check out. Not only was that a ridiculous price but we had extended our checkout till 4 o clock and at 3 o clock we couldn't get into the room. My mam went down to sort out the problem only to be told by an extremely rude member of staff that our checkout was 4 o clock. My mam pointed that it was only 3 o clock and in response not only did this girl over exaggerate checking the clock…,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small, dark & gloomy room","Stopped here Saturday & Sunday night, reception was quite impressive, staff were friendly & efficient, so far so good, but onto the room & all was very different, it was small, dark with no over the  mirror lighting in the shower room for those all important finishing touches to make-up Etc. The sleeping area was equipped with a wall mounted fan that was so noisy it was unusable, with exposed electrical connector block (see photos), that's enough about the air conditioning. On to the wardrobe or lack of it, all we had was a wall hook for 2 garments (see photos)  For the price & location in central London cannot complain too much about price (£70ish per night) but rooms are well below par even for that price range.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good service but charge for wifi!","Great location to city, close to transport and theatres. Room was ""Executive"" type with just enough space for two large bags which had to be placed on floor as no racks provided. Room size fine for a few days. Breakfast quality good and shower one of better ones across our time travelling. Lifts can get congested in busy times so allow for delays if going out, we used stairs to walk down and we weren't alone which was fun as you talk going down. Good access to supermarket across the road and shops along Oxford Street. Only major gripe was having to pay for wifi, please get with the rest of the world and offer a complimentary wifi service to guests. Room had a minor maintenance issue but staff turned up within 30 minutes of reporting it to fix the issue. Air conditioning worked…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for shopping,Stayed at St Giles Hotel 4 times an found it to offer everything we needed. Great place great location good value for money. Would recommend this hotel to anyone if on shopping trip or having a great nightout around soho.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK but........,"Recently spent 5 nights at the St Giles. The location near Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Station, shops, supermarkets pubs etc was great. We had a couple of meals at both Vue and Hudsons which are located within the hotel and were not disappointed in either case. The concierge staff were fantastic. Very helpful and eager to assist with any request or question. Breakfasts were good and our room was clean and serviced daily. However.......I was told that rooms in London are small but I wasn't quite prepared for how small. Not enough room to swing the proverbial cat. It was very airless for want of a better description and the inability to fully open a window didn't help. Nor did the desk top fan. The lifts were slow and we ended up using the stairs as we were only on the second…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent budget hotel with brilliant staff...!,"Stayed recently for one night at the St Giles in Bedford Ave and can't praise it enough! Would have thought it was 5 star and certainly got 5 star service!   We were in a desperate hurry due to a late train and needed to catch a show beginning at 2pm. Once the reception staff knew we were short of time we were directed to the concierge for a quick bag check-in.   Thanks to a previous email from Craig on the concierge team, we knew the Palace theatre was quite close, and bags were checked in with no fuss, and we set off for the theatre. Suddenly, aagghh! realised the tickets were still in the bags!  When I arrived back at the desk I was remembered and due to the quick actions of the staff they immediately located the bag, and we were able to make the show on time.   Returning…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Paying for location only.,"I stayed here recently for work. The room was tiny, the hallways narrow, it felt like being on a ship. The walls in the room were panelled with wood, the room was tiny and stuffy and a fan in the cupboard was kept on overnight since it was so stifling in there. The bed was creaky, the mattress thin and uncomfortable and the place was very noisy at night. The price was ridiculous.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, that's about it","Mailed ahead of time to request early check in, denied, even though dozens of others were checking in early, so after 14 hours of flying I had to wait 4 hours to check in. That was great. No wi-fi, and the phone in the room was internal only, no line out, without leaving a credit card deposit, which I did, but I was never able to make an outside call. (My mobile phone was inoperable in the UK)  I still haven't had my credit card reimbursed. The executive single is 35 GBP more than a standard double, and about a third the size, with no noticeable difference in amenities. The room was uncomfortably tiny and the AC was random. The elevators cannot handle the volume. Construction right outside the window (not the hotel's fault) ensured I woke up early every day. The staff is…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK hotel close to Oxford Street,Check in was quick. Got a nice room but it was very hot. No AC. Only a fan that didn't give any cooling effect at all. We tried to open our window but it was broke. Called down to the reception to have someone look at it. It took over an hour before they concluded the window was non fixable at that point. So the night manager asked if we wanted to change to another room. Got a new room at a higher floor. The temperature was much lower at this one. Good customer service even though it took over an hour to suggest another room. Over all a nice stay at a hotel close to Oxford Street.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rooms are very tiny,"This hotel has the smallest room that I ever seen the beds are very uncomfortable no air, very noisy, smells old, bathroom tiny with small shower that floods, the tiny elevator was super slow. The people at concierge were not helpful. The only good thing is y the location.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"I think that St. Giles hotel is comfortable. The food isn't the best. Anyway I was happy about the complex. Rooms was really clean and tidy, people were kind and there was a beautiful service. I think that everyone should visit this hotel. Is really amazing.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,worth every penny,"after reading bad reviews I was a little anxious as to what we would find....on checking in at 12.00am we were told 1 room was ready and the other wouldn't be too long....the check in clerk also asked us if we wanted 2 rooms together...this was as he promised...he was great, friendly and nothing was too much trouble...our rooms were great , clean, and there was everything needed including a fan....we did not pay for breakfast but had ours at the vq restaurant on site, the service was exceptional and food was delicious....will definitely stay here again....we booked 2 twin rooms for one night in a hotel in central London for £162.00...£81.00 PER ROOM....SUCH GOOD VALUE.....thankyou st giles...x",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Ship em Central London,"We stayed for 4 nights at St GilesLondon Hotel and were very happy with the hotel and the service provided. We had an excellent meal in the Italian restaurant at evening; it was beautifully prepared and presented. The waiter was friendly and attentive. The breakfast was varied and plentiful, again everything nicely presented, fresh and tasty. The access to everything you need is easy and quick. We liked very much.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Feeling a little let down,I have stayed at this hotel around 8/9 times now and have always been really impressed by everything but this time I feel like I've been a little let down. 3 days before arrival I had over £100 taken by the St Giles as a 'pre-authorisation'. When I queried why this had been done (never had it before at this property) the manager tried to tell me that it was Booking.com that had taken my money. When I explained that it was St Giles on my account showing as taking money the manager still insisted it wasn't them and got quite rude with me. She then offered me an upgrade to a delux room which was a nice touch. On arrival I was then asked to pay the full amount even though I had already paid over half through the pre-authorisation. We were then given the keys to the room and were…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fifty / Fifty,"Well, it´a not easy to decide whether to recommend this hotel or not.  Let´s start with the pros: - very friendly staff (reception and housekeeping) - room has been cleaned very well - the location is awesome (3-4min to Tottenham Court Road station) - there are many shops around the hotel (food, electronics ....) - free coffee and tea in the room  Now to the cons: - as mentioned previously --> the single room is really small, especially the bathroom (if you would like to use the shower you have to pay attention to not hit the toilet) - WiFi is not free (prices are high) - it smells ... let´s call it funny .... inside the elevators - the vending machine prices for the drinks are way too high!  I am afraid this has been my first and last visit at St. Giles, sorry staff (want to…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value,"Nothing fancy but a very good comfortable hotel, bits and bobs let it down in some areas like ice machines not working or unable to supply the demand, rooms are hot and no air con NO ROOM SERVICE.  In saying this the staff were very friendly and helpeful when they could be and the location of the hotel and price are not to be missded, so overall a great wee place that needs a couple of tweeks.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice,Very nice hotel and comfortable. The staff was really good. The hotel is very well placed if you are spending your days in central London. Very good breakfast lounge. The room we stayed in was nice. Thanks,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Extremly friendly staff, great location.","Went for a two night stay, the location is ideal for shopping, theatres and sight seeing. Staff friendly nothing to much trouble. Restaurant located in the hotel was reasonable and enjoyed the food. Casino was a bonus as nice to have a flutter.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In urgent need of repair..........,"Spent one night here and firstly I would like to say that the staff were extremely polite and helpful. On to the accommodation, tiny room on the 1st floor, no air conditioning and very noisy through the entire night. In addition to this there were bare wires on the kettle lead, the light switch on the headboard was loose and the shower thermostat had missing screws? Fairly minor issues but they should be addressed for the prices that you are charging? I will not be staying here again on future visits to London.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad for a hotel come casino,"I spent an evening at this hotel as an overnight stay for business. Apparently I was in a executive room which in all fairness was very clean and tidy. The air con left alot to be desired! Great breakfast the next morning. Only draw back was the fact that the girl is home to a leisure centre, 2 bars and a casino so fairly busy all the time. Would stay on a social trip. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant!,Went with my boyfriend for a 2 night stay for my birthday! Lovely hotel staff very helpful the room was very clean and nice! Was very noisy in the morning but the Windows completely block it out! Great birthday stay would highly recommend for any family or couple as its suited for both ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,We stayed at the St Giles for 4 nights and it was a pleasant stay. The staff was excellent and very helpful. Breakfast was standard English breakfast. To know that it is downtown London which means that it is noisy outside during evening and night. You can also hear very well what is happening outside the door.   The biggest downside was that you had to pay for wifi for 24 hours. Perhaps spoiled from Sweden but it should be complimentary now days. Cost 5 pounds. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Function over form,"Basically a cell bereft of charm or character. It has the virtue of being cheap and functional in a very good spot. Don't look at the carpet and expect your hours of rest to be midnight to six because the rest of the time you will be woken by revellers, sirens and in the morning by inconsiderate workmen. All of which you can also also experience in the most expensive west end hotels. So go there sleep and get out as quickly as you can and you will be happy.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect located, but outdated hotel","I was on business trip, June 2016, 2 nights stay. Hotel location is just perfect, next to the Oxford Street, Soho is really close. Nearest tube station is Tottenham Court Road. I had to go for two mornings to City, and it wasn't too hard to get there also. And after your business is done, you can come back to the hotel, change your clothes, and numerous pubs and bars are close to the hotel, and you don't need no tube or taxi to reach them. Hotel itself is rather fine. Nice lobby, pleasant staff. Hotel rooms are however small, furniture is way outdated, but everything is clean. And yes, prepare to wait for the elevators. Breakfast is really nice, nothing spectacular, but has everything needed for a good start of the day. Sleeping quality is very good, no unnecessary sound inside…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice price but........,Stayed here for one night. Hotel is fine if your on a budget but it's a high volume hotel catering for groups and coach tours so don't expect personal service. The room was small but clean with tea and coffee facilities. But the lifts up to the rooms are always busy. Location wise it's ideal for Oxford Street and it's just a minute from Tottenham Court Road Tube station. I will use it again but never for more than a couple of nights.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location and price,"The location of this hotel is excellent, walking distance from most night attractions and is reasonably priced for the area, we were asked to pay for the room on arrival. the lifts are very slow and we had to give up and take the stairs. Our room was at the front where it was very noisy so had to keep the window closed which made the room unbearably hot, the fan provided did not make much difference, the room and bathroom were small and quite tired, but there were no sounds from other rooms.  Breakfast was average.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"As the title says, if you're in London for a West End show, this hotel is in the perfect spot - a quick 5 minute walk away from all theatres! But don't expect luxury.   The rooms are quite small, and the bathroom is tiny, there was no air conditioning (not that you'd need it most of the time), the lifts were pathetically slow, you have to go to an 'ironing room' on a different floor to steam your clothes which was a sauna and my room key stopped working after a day.  On the plus side, the staff were friendly and helpful (especially on the concierge desk), it's got a lively bar with a nice atmosphere and everything was quick and painless (except the lifts). Didn't try the food so can't comment on that.  I'd stay here again if I were seeing shows all weekend, but would probably…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy for Shaftesbury theatre.,"We booked this as a theatre break, so room and show with breakfast included. Very small room with very small window which had fixed opening  and no AC.The temperature was 27 degrees outside I think if we were a dog the RSPCA would have been called! A fan was provided but just rotated the warm air around.Far too hot in bed hence no sleep and we had to close the window around 2am due to shouting in adjacent street also something possibly the laundry was below our room with a constant hum of machinery. On the plus side the room and linen were clean ,the shower good ,the towels big enough for a toddler not enough to wrap round you (We are average size 12 ladies) ! Breakfast ok not enough choice for vegetarians and only one choice of egg,scrambled but good coffee and a take away cup…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean hotel ,"Small, basic but clean. We stayed on the 6th floor and waiting for lifts was ridiculous. Hot rooms and only a fan no air conditioning. Cheap and clean though. One nights stay is long enough, location is excellent though. So not bad but doesn't excite ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only good thing is the location,"I will not be staying at this hotel again, although the location really could not be beat. The hotel is badly in need of repairs. It has a very small lobby area that is permanently congested. Waiting time for the lifts is always long and one broke down, with me in it. The rooms are very small and the shower is tiny (barely enough room to wash your hair). No air conditioning, but they do provide you with a fan. My room's window faced the street so I had pub noise all night and construction noise beginning around 7:30am. I'm pretty sure something ran across my room at some point... I will say though, very friendly and helpful staff! ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing location! ,"This hotel was perfect in location for pretty much everything central! Reception staff helpful and toms clean and comfy other. Only downfall was lack of aircon, although we had a little fan, it didn't do much good on the hottest few days of the year.  Overall, great and would stay here again! ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,not a great place,"Front reception fair , breakfast average  But rooms are tiny,! Paid £135 for one person for one night as discounted rate but bed room was tiny , fit x2 cupboards in , can't stand easy in shower - tiny and so is the loo ...top floor room, no air conditioning ..noisy to street when u open window .. Worse bit was red bugs crawling in the bed sheets and when I asked the duty manager , he  stated no other rooms available and couldn't move me ! Avoid this place",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonable price for a great location,"We stayed here for two nights in July. The location is great, very central right on the corner of Oxford street. Tottenham Court Road tube station is a short walk away. We parked at the underground car park at a rate of £25 per night, very good for London.   The room was adequate, reasonably comfortable double bed, a small safe and a small desk with a lamp.   The only issue was the heat! It was 30 degrees outside and the room did not have air conditioning. The window only opens a small way and as it is in a central area you will hear quite a lot of street noise with the window open. There was a fan in the room but it didn't help much, so think twice before you book for a summer stay.  I would also say the quality of the breakfast was not great and not worth the £9.95 if it is…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,On balance its worth a try,"I stay here all the time on business The location is great and the car parking once stamped by the concierge is a great price for central London  The facilities and bars around the hotel are great. The rooms are average but superior to others in the area within the price bracket The internet is not free which is annoying particularly when I book an executive room and there are no in room ironing services available so you need to take your clothes to I think a room on the 6th floor, which again when booking an executive room you would expect better. On balance although there are pros and cons it is definitely a suitable place if you want a good location for nightlife which is reasonable on price and has good parking facilities. Worth a try I think.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tried it again,"First around wasn't a great success, but tried it again because of convenient location and budget price. Having said that: the personnel really do need to treat there customers more friendly. They don't give the impression they are there to please you. They are there because they a job......And whereas the English concierge is extremely friendly, the concierge 'from abroad' is downright unfriendly and intimidating.  Finally:  a hotel without free wifi is to be banned anno 2016.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,pleasantly surprised!,"We stayed here for two nights and we were pleasantly surprised! The location was good as we were going to the theatre on both evenings. We stayed on the 12th floor at our request. we were offered the first floor. The room was small but it was enough for our needs and more importantly it was quiet-even though there is major rebuilding going on around this area. It was clean and bright. We had a great view over London and could see many landmarks. The lift was quick and stops at the 11th floor, there is another lift to go to the 12th floor but to be honest it was tiny (said for 4 people, but realistically it was 2). We din't bother with the 2nd lift, we took the stairs it was no big deal! Service was good, in particular the concierge they were amazingly helpful, wonderful…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London,"Double room like a shoebox so small and no air con, just a fan. It was so hot!  Breakfast not the best, sawdust sausages dried up bacon. If we are in London again would look elsewhere to spend £255 for 2 nights.  They also charge for wifi starting from £5 so not great.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Have stayed at this hotel a few times in the past with different people and I am pleased to say that the standard has not dropped at all. A very friendly and pleasant welcome at reception from Yohanna (?). Check in was quick and easy and our twin room was as expected - clean and comfortable. I have to say that the rooms are small but they are well equipped and perfectly adequate for using as a base for sightseeing or shows as there are so many theatres in walking distance and Soto for the widest choice of food is just down the road. Tottenham Court Road Tube station is approximately 1 minute walk away for anyone who does not want to walk or want to venture further afield. Unfortunately the rooms do not have air conditioning - but how often do we need it in this country? However…,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic,We booked this hotel as part of a concert package. The hotel is shabby and desperately in need of an update. We had one towel between us in the bathroom and the window in the room was broken.. On the up side breakfast was decent and it is in a central location. We paid quite a bit to stay here and we do not feel we got value for our money. ,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too small.,"Stayed here over the hottest weekend of the year so far only to find it had no air con😕. The twin room we stayed in was on the 12th floor. This meant going to the 11th floor then getting out and taking lift or stairs to the 12th (be aware of that). The room was miniscule. Having said that it was clean and had a view of the BT tower. Hair dryer, tea & coffee, electric fan. All very basic. Not the usual selection of bathroom miniatures. Bathroom was awkwardly small. Check in was slow as very busy and cramped. Breakfast was ok although the staff could have smiled more or said good morning. Overall I will not be staying again.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Spot on for location, simple room does the trick and a reasonable price","Stayed here years back, the location is amazing, room ok size, clean, busy busy busy, never ate or use bar there, I am not a fan of room key having a big fob attached to it though, and, well, at the moment there is massive building work taking place right outside, no chance of a sleep.  That's not the hotels fault.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A large, decent tourist class hotel, well located","I've stayed here a couple of times, because the prices are very good compared to other hotels in the area. The location is terrific, very close to Tottenham Court Road tube station, Oxford Street, Soho, Covent Garden and the British Museum. The rooms vary quite a lot. They are clean and adequate, and fine if you're not expecting luxury. I stayed in a double room that would be small for two people.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London theatre break,"We went to London for a hotel and theatre break. On arrival the welcome was friendly and the book in procedure was also quick and efficient . I am afraid that's where the niceties stopped. The room we were in was only just big enough to get a double bed in . You could only swing a cat if I didn't have a tail, very little wardrobe space and no air conditioning , just a small table fan. When we went to shower we found that there was a hole in the shower arm and water was spraying over the top of the shower into the bathroom , also the tap in the wash basin was broken I went to reception and advised them of the problem and was told the problem would be fixed whilst we were out. We came back to the room and found the tap had been fixed but not the shower. I again went to complain…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It does what it says on the tin,"Had to book at very short notice, after being  offered Rabbit Hutch room at the Gower House Hotel. As mentioned the room is a bit small, but comes with the usual amenities, except for air conditioning, they do provide a fan, which was very used at night. Staff are polite, friendly and courteous, and hotel is ideally placed for Covent Garden and theatres. For what they charge and where they are, its good value and I would go again. There are worst nearby, see above",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"We stayed at the St.Giles as part of a theatre break. On arriving at reception I was dealt with very quickly and politely. I explained that my wife doesn't do lifts and asked for a room not too many floors up. The best available was on the fourth floor. Fine. The room was a small double, but adequate. The shower cubicle was a bit of a squeeze, but adequate. The shower itself was good. Room was rather warm. No A/C, adequate  Window opened onto a building site which was noisy first thing. Breakfast was fine, nothing special, adequate. Every member of staff we met was first rate.  Fine for one night, wouldn't want to stay longer",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only location,Hotels location is perfect it is very close to oxford street but single room was too small and wi-fi was not free i had to pay 5 pounds for a day( i was a disoppointed) if you will not spend your time at hotel rooms size is not important. İ only use the room for sleeping and it was clean enough.i recommend the hotel people who want to spend time in oxford street.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Smallest room I have ever stayed in,I have stayed at the St Giles before on a few occasions. It is OK. I thought I knew what to expect. I know the place is tired but it is clean and it is not too far from our office. I booked late and could only get a single room. It was the smallest room I have ever stayed in. Tiny TV which could only be seen whilst lying on the bed. One of the smallest showers and you almost had to climb over the toilet to get in. No A/C and it was hot so had to leave window open. Had breakfast in their buffet restaurant.  It was very average and more of a canteen.   I'm sure I will go again for the convenience but not a romantic place if on holiday. ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but...,"This place is in a great location, very close to the underground, opposite a supermarket and not far from the main 'sights' but it is fairly run down and old. The staff were nice and helpful but the rooms are in serious need of an update. We had an air conditioner but it was so noisy that we switched it off and left the window open, which meant we were listening to street noise instead, which was OK.  I wouldn't go here for a romantic getaway or a special occasion, but it met our needs and the location made it easy to find things.   Breakfast was included in our package and due to the amount of people going, I suggest you eat early if you can.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location!,"Visited in May, four girls on a hopping and tourist trip! ; )  Perfectly located near Oxford street, and with Primark just around the corner... I think we had good value for our money and would stay again next time we visit London.  Lifts were not very efficient, we waited for a very long time when going home. Staff were friendly and helpful, and checking in and out was easy.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"I was looking for a hotel in a great location for a 2 night stay and this was perfect! The room was an ample size, a few people exaggerating on here...staff were helpful and it was clean. The location is incredible, cannot recommend enough. Looking to book again already!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for short stay,"Visited here for a two day stay. On arrival there was a long delay at reception because the card reader was not working. It took 2 members of staff to deal with each customer. One to book you in the other to watch. Not a good start.   The room was smaller that I'm used to but adequate for the money and location, just 300 metres from The top of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube.   Will definitely be staying again. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for 1 or 2 nights,"This hotel is just fine for a 1 or 2 night stay.  Location means easy access to Oxford St / Soho and the theatres etc.  Everything in walking distance.  Check-in was easy; they had plenty of staff at a busy time.  Lifts not much good unless you don't mind waiting forever, be prepared to use the stairs.  Room - well it's compact but clean and the bed was comfy.  No air-con so if you need the window open like we did then it's noisy through the night.  The adjoining bar is quite good.  Breakfast is help yourself to the usual stuff - food was ok.  We parked underneath in the car park at £25/day.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel centrally located ,"Stayed here as part of a theatre break, very central, lovely hotel. No air con but wasn't too bad considering how hot it was! 24 hour bar, friendly staff, and good choice for the full breakfast. Walking distance to the theatre district and lots of bars/restaurants in the vicinity.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","I stayed in a very small single-bed room (reminded me of a cabin on a ship - I'm 6'4"" and I barely fit in the bathroom), but the tiny size of the room didn't much matter in such a good location. Plenty of shopping and dining to walk to in a not-overly-touristy part of London, plus the Tottenham Court Road underground station is a block away, so you can get anywhere easy. If you are a big shopper, Oxford Street is right around the corner. The wifi is charge, which seems archaic these days. Staff was friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for one night,"Stayed here for one night which a group of friends.  The location is spot on and it's a stone's throw from the Dominion Theatre, bars, shops, restaurants etc.  The rooms were fine, albeit a bit small but the bed was comfy and clean.  A lot of time is spent waiting to checking in and even more so waiting for the lifts, so be prepared.  The floors are a bit like a maze and it's quite a struggle to find the stairs, we did eventually as we gave up waiting for the lift a couple of times.  I would recommend this hotel for a very short staff but no longer.  We had breakfast which was okay; food was hot and plenty to chose from but the coffee and orange juice was poor quality.  Every member of staff I spoke to was extremely friendly and helpful so 10 out of 10 for customer service!!  Oh…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tips for other travellers,"Extremely tiny rooms, despite the fact that we booked one double deluxe and one triple deluxe.  We arrived at the hotel and they informed us that they do not have triple rooms.  We waited for a long time, receptionist's attitude was really annoying.  One of us slept on the sofa and the management did not bother to assist us sincerely.  A/C was not working properly and it really smelled.  Breakfast was really bad and it was not only for residents.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wake Up St Giles!,"Well what can I say, this is a 2 star hotel in a pretty good location area. Just because they have a hairdryer and a casino doesn't make it a 3 or 4 star hotel. Checking in was long due to loads of people  checking in (and it appeared to be like that all the time we passed reception), staff however were friendly.  Room 1227 was on the 12th floor...? The lift went to 11th floor (that should give you a hint) then you either got a very very small lift that holds 2 people with luggage to the next floor or walked up a flight of stairs. This floor appears to be an add on-new build. The room was pokey and yes its London, but Ive stayed in a lot better for less. The room was clean, the beds were ok, but if I was there longer than one night for £180 I would move and get a better hotel -…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okay ,"Good location - very close to the tube. The rooms are tiny, but clean. We only had 1 bath towel, 2 hand towels and no face cloths. There is no free wifi, except in the restaurant after 1:00pm. There is a safe, and instant coffee. Nothing special, but nothing horrible either.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location but a few minor issues,This hotel is perfect location for the Dominion Theatre. Just round the corner as was Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford street. Staff we very helpful and polite. We had a matinee to see the bodyguard (3pm) and decided to make a day of it. Check in was at 2pm but we arrived at about 11am and was able to leave our bags in a secured room so we didn't have to take them around Oxford street with us. The hotel was busy at check in time and had to wait about 15-20 minutes to get seen. Before I talk about the room which had a few problems I would like to say that we would stay here again because the location and price were perfect!!!! We had a twin room booked which was on the 3rd floor. The lifts were very slow but it was busy. When getting to our room it felt a little…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okay for a short stay,"Almost directly located at Tottenham Rd. Court tube station the hotel is easily accessible by public transport.  The room I had was located on the 6th floor: which was large enough for myself and clean. The lack of airconditioning in the room can be overcome by opening the window, the built-in fan is so noisy it will compete with the noise from outside.  The 4 elevators need an overhaul: they are small and the algorithm used for it makes no sense! On the positive side: I took the stairs everytime so I had my workout. Room/hotel is quite noisy.  I booked the hotel without breakfast, which turned out to be a good choice. The atmosphere of the breakfast was utter chaotic! There is nice coffee shop with all sorts of bread just on the corner: if you like your peace and quiet in the…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We stayed here for 1 night on a theatre break, the room was small but very clean, ideal for 1 night. All staff were polite and helpful. Breakfast was a bit chaotic, too many people at the same time. I felt sorry for the staff as coach loads of visitors trying to book in before 10 o clock this morning, as we were leaving, all expecting their rooms to be ready for tonight.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"+: big room for London standards, quite clean, crowed breakfast but choice is good and quality also good, good conciergerie with possibility of baggage storage,good location close to the metro, Oxford Street and Covent Garden and quiet room.  -: too many people! Hotel is huge and you have sometimes the impression to be in a factory! Very hot at night in the room.   Rather good experience considering London prices and standard... Will come back with pleasure. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient and good value,"St Giles is a big hotel that is convenient for Oxford Street.  Surprisingly, given its central location, there is relatively little external noise at night, although the noise from other guests, e.g. returning to rooms, was noticeable.  The staff are friendly, which was particularly impressive at the busy reception desk.  There is a good range at breakfast and staff are efficient and clearing tables and maintaining supplies.  My main issue was with the blue external floodlights which, due to blinds in the rooms, made it difficult to get to sleep.  My solution of hanging a towel from the window was not ideal and perhaps the hotel should consider installing curtains in the bedrooms?",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Consistant but avererage,"I've stayed at the St Giles a few times now as have my colleagues. We happily go back as it's a great location, it's always clean and the price is very reasonable for a central London hotel. It can be quite noisy in the mornings with the building work outside however. The breakfast isn't brilliant but there is choice. The breakfast service isn't great though. Overall the hotel is functional and you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Water dilemma,"St GIles was our stop for the night in London, travelling from Sydney, Greece and Italy. We arrived to absolute pandemonium.  Water pipes broke duruing the early hours of the morning and we arrived at 3pm to check in our rooms were not available. The concierge and his staff were fantastic.  The reception desk were inundated with people being moved they finally sorted a room for us and the it was adequate in size with a little area for our luggage between the beds and the bathroom.  Food was great in the restaurants, bedding was great slept excellently.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor customer service!,"I have stayed at St Giles 3 times now. On this occasion it was a complete let down. Front of house staff were very unhelpful. We walked through the front doors and the first member of staff we encountered snapped at us ""check in upstairs"" No hello or welcome etc etc. It was a bad start. It was shortly after 2pm when we tried to check in and were told to come back after 2pm because the room wasn't ready. It was after 2pm!? We left the hotel and wasted some time nearby. We then went back at 2.45 and a different member of staff checked us in. We weren't given any information about breakfast or check out times. It felt like a case of here's your key, now leave me alone. The following morning the chambermaid knocked and came in at around 8am. She apologised and left. 20 minutes later…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location,"This hotel had been recommended to us by a number of people and we weren't disappointed. It was a short stay -- 2 nights. It was so well located that we didn't use public transport while there. We were even within walking distance to St Pancras for our Eurostar departure. Our room was small but given that it was merely for sleeping, this was not a problem. Perhaps for a longer stay, we would consider an upgrade. There was a great buzz about the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel Service deteriorated,I have lived here a few times before as it is close to train station and very convenient. It used to be a better place to stay. Standards have deteriorated. Front desk lady could not even use the credit card for payment and had to take help from her colleague. We asked for a non smoking room on the top. She gave us the key to a smoking room on the second floor! We had to go back to the front desk and avoided her and took help form another lady. Breakfast food menu did not change but quality got worse. We waited 15 minutes as the sausage and bacon trays were empty. The sausage came out okay from the oven but the bacon was half cooked. We lost patience and sat down to eat. Then food manager Mr. F took the bacon and put it in the oven again. We thought of getting some crispy bacons…,None,3.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London ,Hotel is too busy. Room is filthy. Pub/bar is great. Location is excellent. There was a building construction outside the hotel and was very noisy. You canchear it from the inside. Staff are lovely and friendly. Location is excellent. You can find plenty of restaurants and shops around,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location! Clean, simple accommodation!","We stayed here for 5 nights and honestly - the location was amazing! We caught the tube everywhere - Tottenham Court Road tube station was only a couple of hundred metres away.  The room wasn't huge, however it was clean and as we were 5 floors up it was pretty quiet too.  Staff were friendly and very accommodating.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is perfectly situated in central London, just around the corner from Oxford St. We had a roof top room which means having to take 2 elevators but this was no real bother as the views across London were great. Check out the Hudson bar for a good variety of beers and some top quality food at reasonable prices. The concierge is particularly helpful....from tourist advice to luggage storage......altogether all lovely place to stay. We will definitely be returning when we are next in London. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ok stay, good value","Have stayed at St Giles a couple of times before and chose it because of location and price.  It's two minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube so great for both Central and Northern lines.  Staff on reception are helpful and efficient.    My room was a double.  To be honest, it's ok for one person for a couple of nights but I wouldn't want to stay if there were actually two of us there as it is small.  It overlooked the main road outside and even though I was on the 5th floor, there was quite a bit of noise from outside - loading and unloading late at night at the Sainsburys across the road.  Because of this I couldn't open the window so it was pretty hot.  That said, the room itself was fine.  Shower room was small.  Continental Breakfast is a bit of a free-for-all but is…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good locality but small basic room,"My husband and I stayed here as part of a package to see carol King in Hyde park .the hotel was within walking distance of Hyde park, the room was basic and very small but clean and functional for one night stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Incredibly noisy but cheap.,I had a budget of £130 per night and this was definitely better than a travelodge. However there are building works next door and my room was on the corner of the building nearly facing them. The work carried on through the night and I hardly slept. I bought earplugs for the next night which was much better. Breakfast buffet was basic but I enjoyed it. This would be a good hotel to stay in without the noise as it is very near the theatres and a fairly quiet street traffic wise. Just enquire before you stay if the building work has finished.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Our 2nd stay and still as good!,"We revisited London for my husbands 50th birthday and didn't hesitate in rebooking The St Giles Hotel. This time however we booked as executive Double room which was much larger then our previous room Check in was excellent and very friendly our room was ready 2 hours early. As we had booked an executive our breakfast was in The VQ Restaurant, the food and service was excellent.The location of this hotel is amazing with The Tottenham Court road Tube station outside and Oxford Street across the road. Ignore a lot of the bad comments about this hotel, its exceptionally clean with great service and extremely busy which says a lot! We would definitely visit again and highly recommend it. The only down side is their is a lot of building work outside which makes it slightly congested,…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London weekend,Found this hotel convenient for location close to Tottenham Court Road tube which I used for getting around for sightseeing and catching train at Euston.   Reception and Check in was fairly quick and friendly service despite a fire alarm. Allocated a 6th floor twin room fair sized by London standards clean and tidy. The room had a /coffee facilities and fan was provided as I found it quite stuffy weather wise. Windows don't fully open I guess for security and safety  so used the fan throughout the stay. Due to construction near the hotel noise level was disappointing but it ceased in the evening.   British Museum was minutes away dominion Theatre and Oxford Circus around the corner. Plenty of food places to pick from and using my contactless debit card for travel very convenient…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"very close to the tube, lovely full English breakfast","I fetched my 10yrs old for a sightseeing trip for her birthday and although the room was on the small side and had no aircon, the breakfast was lovely, the room clean and had everything you needed in a great location. The hotel is very close to the Tottenham court road tube station and just around the corner from Oxford street. The Staff I spoke to were friendly and I would happily stay again :-)",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,"A fabulous hotel close to shops, tube and theaters. The staff were extremely helpful throughout our stay. The room was clean and comfortable, complete with tea and coffee facilities, hairdryer and fan if needed. I will definitely be using again on next visit to London ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,room standard lower than a 1 star guest house,"The double room we were allocated was small , claustrophobic and dark . Lighting in the bathroom inadequate and the shower dated with the nozzle not working properly ( could not alter the elevation angle ) . Toiletries supplied  took the form of two bottles of cheap body wash and soap lotions fixed to the shower and sink walls .  Wardrobe facilities were a 6 inch chrome rod sticking out from the wall with just 2 coat hangers and 3 small open ended spaces . Effectively we had to live out of a suitcase. Room decoration was plain and basic with a small double window ;  air conditioning was provided by a large noisy fan  (that drowned out the television) fixed to the wall.  The breakfast room was a cafeteria style arrangement densely packed with basic formica tables.  Breakfast was…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel on a budget,"We got exactly what we paid for, and even more. This hotel is great if you only need room to keep some stuff in and sleep. Great location, just next to Oxford street and the tube. Room cleaned every day, there is an elevator to the room (plus few steps to our floor) and helpful staff. On a budget! Would go again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Vlaue for money is appalling, Wifi is a human right!","St Giles is the right place and that is where it ends. The value for money is quite distinctly appalling - staying in a shoe box for this amount of money is degrading. But what drove me over the edge? Having to pay for wifi at GBP 120 per night. This is the modern world people! Wifi is like oxygen - it is FREE = get a life St Giles!!!!!  Just for those other constant travellers who don't want to be duped by ""we have wifi access"" - but you have to pay for it! Wifi access means having wifi - to state you have access demonstrates a level of service that is below par - we are not in the arctic!  Chris Blair",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Number one on my blacklist,"There are a couple of positive points I could make about this hotel: excellent location and reasonably friendly staff. The rest is just beyond my imagination. I visited London mid July and it was really warm. My   room had a heater. The heater was burning hot. There was no way to turn it off except with a pair of pliers by cutting the cord as there was no switcher. I didn't have a pair of pliers, so I kept the window open hoping for some fresh air as there was no air conditioner either. The air would come with lots of the street noise of course. There was also an infernal ice machine in the corridore that would start roaring every 5 minutes or so. The washbasin was in the shower and the mirror just above the toilet. So I had to step into the shower every time I needed to wash my…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,1 night stay for 30th birthday show trip,"I chose this hotel as it was really convenient for the show we went to see that was on in Prince Edward Theatre.  The overall location of the hotel was brilliant and was right next to Tottenham court subway station. Loads of shops, food places and a sainsburys right outside.  The reception staff were really nice and helpful and although the room we had was a little small, it was all we needed for our stay. There was no air-conditioning in the room so had to open the window. You got an in room safe and all the usual trimmings. There were 2 ironing rooms located on the 2nd and 6th floor instead of having one in your room.  All in all i would stay here again of the location was where i was needing to be near. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideally placed for theatres,Busy hotel with courteous staff. The rooms are quite small but comfortable and fans are in the room as it does get quite warm. The hotel is within walking distance for theatres and attractions which saves on tubes or taxis. Unfortunately we had rather inconsiderate neighbours who decided to slam doors and continually knock on the wall in the early hours!  One of the more reasonably priced hotels and good for a base.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No air conditioning!!!,Seriously even budget hotels have air conditioning now. The room was stifling hot even with a fan on and you couldn't keep the window open at night because of the street noise. Beds the worst that I have ever slept in soft and lumpy and you darent put your bare feet onto the carpet because it is so dirty. Bed linen was stained too. However it is in a great location but you would be better off going to a budget hotel,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location.....staff friendly ,"Ok so this hotel is a major budget hotel, if you can spring for a deluxe room or exec room because standard rooms DO NOT have air-conditioning!!! This I found baffling in this day and age considering the hotel price wasn't cheap! Anyway they provided a fan but that just wasn't enough and I was roasting, also the beds are so soft and in need of mattress replacement, the bed wasn't made properly and the shower area is tiny with only a flimsy curtain so you end up showering the sink and the bathroom floor too!   However the staff are very friendly and helpful and the bar downstairs is quite nice though exorbitantly priced £8.50 for a cocktail!!   To sum up if your going into London for a theatre trip or some shopping and don't have a lot of money to spend on a hotel then this ones…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Deluxe room as expected for a 3 star,"Only issue is the queue for the lift seen a few times. The room is functional and clean, with everything you need. Would definitely recommend the Deluxe. Great bar and 24 hour restaurant attached. Location perfect in every way.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice and central and comfortable,"Situated only a couple of hundred yards from Tottenham Court Road tube station, this hotel is nice and central for London sightseeing. Very friendly and courteous staff booked us in. The room was small but the bed was comfortable, and the shower was good. All in all it was excellent value.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice place to stay,"Very good location, small rooms clean and kozy. Friendly staff and all with inn walking distance . Tube around the corner . Clubs and restaurants close by. Not a good place if you want quiet weekend . Would not stay more than few days . Often sold out ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"I had read a few bad reviews about this hotel before our 2 night stay but we had no problems at all. Yes the room was very small but clean & comfortable with tea & coffee facilities and our room on the 3rd floor surprisingly quiet. Breakfast was a little hectic but food was adequate. The staff work hard ensuring the tables are cleared quickly. The main advantage with this hotel is it's location near to Tottenham Court Rd underground station. Perfect for sightseeing, theatres etc. I would not hesitate to stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's not that bad,We booked this through air miles  and after reading the reviews were a little concerned. But it really isn't that bad! A good central location and comfortable bed. The rooms are quite small but we've stayed in smaller! And this is London not noted for big rooms. Room was clean and kept clean by the staff who were always friendly. The surroundings for breakfast were not so good but the breakfast itself want bad at all. Plenty of food available but it does get busy.  Very close to Tottenham Court Road tube so a bit of noise outside but nothing that couldn't be excluded by shutting the window.  No air conditioning but room was equipped with a fan at least..  Biggest gripe is lack of free wifi in this day and age but available freely in the many cafes around. Yes we would stay there…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent stay, great location","The hotel is situated just around the corner from the tube station and a very central location. The rooms are very good ,  this was my second stay, and have all amenities you need, if you are looking for a base to explore and not luxury..... The breakfast is excellent and on both occasions I have booked through Superbreaks and got an excellent rate with breakfast included. You are able to leave luggage both on arrival and departure if needed , it is a very big hotel and busy, the lifts seem to be very slow particularly when booking out. The staff on reception are all excellent and friendly. The downsize was the bar for us we went back to have a last drink, it was very busy and quite rowdy not sure if everyone were residents? This hotel was excellent value for money and is a good…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 day break,"Myself and my husband stayed here,as we were celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary ,it's a lovely modern clean hotel,and the service was excellent,the rooms were small but cosy,just right for us,the location was fab,the only thing I didn't like was the tea/coffee facilities as they were not restocked daily,having said that you could purchase more at reception!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed,"After reading other reviews I wasn't surprised that we also had a very small room.  The bed was a 3/4 sized double.  The space between bed and wall on one side was about 18""  on the other side it was about the same due to an arrangement of open shelves and a hanging space which was about 18"" by about 18"" deep.  There were no drawers. One small window The ensuite was also very small with a slippery base when wet. We paid £274.00 for 2 nights bed and breakfast - essentially it was a single room with a small double bed in it. And no wifi unless you paid extra for it.  £5.00 for 24 hours (available from a vending machne!) or use their computers £1 for 20 mins  Breakfast was also disappointing.  The orange juice was from concentrate - we know because on the first morning the orange…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location but terrible front desk, definitely not a family hotel.","I stayed at St Giles with my friend we were visiting London for a night out on the 18th of June and to be honest the start was good we checked in around 4pm receptionist I can't remember her name but she gave a good start to the stay she checked us in quick and we got to our room which was a twin room. The room was quite small but okay did the job for me and my friend only gripe was that there was a smell of damp not too strong but it went when we got back in the evening.  Now after my night out this is where my stay went bad, I was on my way back to my room with my friend between around 4am and 5am and when I walked past reception all I could hear was loud music with a lot of swearing and racist music playing loud from the corner of reception, now I was drunk but not that drunk…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average ,"I booked a standard double room for five nights, travelling as a couple for our first time in London. I really struggled to find affordable hotels or even hostels (private rooms) that were in this area, which is why we went with St Giles as it was under $200 a night. Like others I have a mixed review.   The positives... -Decent location, only a block away from Oxford street for shopping and a quick walk to Soho where you'll find plenty of restaurants and bars. Also a quick walk to Tottenham Court Road station which has convenient for getting around the city.   -The bathroom seemed to be refurbished and was small but clean and functional with good shower pressure.   -Bar downstairs was pretty cheap and easy to relax in, had plenty a drink down there.   The negatives... -The hotel…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Booked an executive double room for wife and myself, was fairly spacious for a London Hotel. Breakfast was quite good although much improvement can be made. Staff excellent and the guest relations manager, Mr.Oman, was always there to help out. Was satisfied with our stay and will consider staying again whenever we holiday again in London.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel,"Stopped here for the past two nights whilst in London  We had an executive room for £150 per evening so the price was fairly cheap. It was spacious too with two sofas, a double bed and desk. Large bathroom which looked like it had recently been refurbished. Carpets and bed spread very dated.   Breakfast was included in the price first day I had spinach and cheese omelette which was lovely. Second day we both had full English. Tasty! Slight issue with order not being taken for well over ten minutes - to put into perspective, the guy we came down in the lift with got seated, served and had his breakfast in front of him before we had even ordered... Waiter said a message of staff had called in sick.   It seems a bit ruthless to be charging for wifi at £5 a day in this day and age…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value ,Nice and clean room in the middle of central London. It is nice for short weekend trips. The rooms are tiny but for those who want to spend time in central London it is very convenient to drop the luggage and throw himself to London streets. It may not be convenient if more than one person in the room.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, adequate accommodation. Excellent Concierge","Needed an overnight for a London visit. Check in efficient. Room small, (but it's Central London!), clean with Tea and Coffee facilities. Shower good, bed comfortable. Noisy at night, (but it's Central London!). Excellent Concierge facility, who provide left luggage - essential if you don't want to drag luggage around while visiting sites.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No wifi! And you have to pay for the pool!,"Small rooms, very small bathrooms, the wifi does not work in the rooms (and you have to pay for it!). They were painting the room next door and the paint smelled on the whole floor! The pool is not in the hotel and you have to pay 5£ / person / visit to use it!                            ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant hotel with good facilities well placed for central London attractions,"We visited London o see the musical 'Showboat' which was, incidentally, fantastic. The St Giles is a well appointed modern style hotel in a convenient location for most of the attractions of central London.   One unusual, but possibly very important attraction is a restaurant open 24 hours a day. Ideal for travellers requiring an early morning breakfast before a flight for example.  It is not cheap but not reasonably priced given the quality of the facilities and location",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, acceptable price for central London, rest really average and not worth mentioning","I stayed at the St.Giles for one night on a Monday after visiting friends in the UK before my trip home. I wanted a central hotel to make the most of my limited time in London. The St.Giles was good value for money, as it is really central close to Tottenham Court Rd Tube station with easy access to the major train stations. A lot of sights are close by, e.g. the British Museum, Soho for food and drinks, the West End for theatre, Oxford Street and Covent Garden for shopping and lot's more. Check-in was efficient and I was able to get my room even though I arrived before 11 a.m. which was nice. The next morning I was able to store my luggage,so I could do some sightseeing before heading to the airport. The room includes a coffee and tea maker.  That's for the positives, the rest…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable Stay,"Impressive 1st visit, great value for money because of the excellent location, comfortable beds with the added bonus of adjoining leisure centre with good facilities and treatment rooms. Adequate breakfast and 3 good eateries attached. Yes very busy hotel, rooms could be bigger and air conditioning would be beneficial but all in all it was perfectly adequate and comfortable for our 3 night stay. Everything in walking distance, theatres, cinemas, and Oxford Street round the corner.  Currently there is a lot of building work going on around the hotel but the noise is contained within reasonable day time hours so is not a great issue. The area will benefit because of this regeneration scheme so don't be put off. Would definitely choose this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great basic hotel with fantastic location,very near Hillsong church,would definitely come back","At first I was surprised that the hotel does not have air-con,but it turned out that with slightly opened window,the room was very cold and airy. It is a clean basic hotel very close to Tottenham Court train station and oxford st. For those looking for Sunday Service, there is Hillsong Church at a theatre just a few meters from the hotel (before the station). Just a handy tip for travellers with heavy luggages travelling on train to/from Kingcross/St Pancras or Heathrow Airport, take the exchange for Piccadily Line at Holborn Station (instead of Leicester Square Station) as Holborn Stn has a lot less stairs compared to Leicester Station where changing platforms involves endless stairs (a nightmare for heavy luggages).",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Exactly what it says on the tin!,"Good value, pleasant hotel with courteous helpful staff, just off Tottenham Ct Road, close to the British Museum, Soho and many other attractions.  Nice breakfast, comfortable beds, not too noisy from traffic, clean bathroom.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortabe, clean and NOISY !!","This is a very busy hotel and subsequently people are arriving and leaving 24/7. We also were given a room next to the lifts and all this compounded by the building works outside, We stayed here as part of a theatre break and it was fine for one night but I would not recommend a longer stay as the rooms, although clean and comfortable, are small and very basic. Breakfast was fine, lacking in fresh fruit, but quite adequate. it is possible to walk to central attractions from this location which is good.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stuck in the dark ages ,"Rooms were very basic  Shower was a drizzle  Everything you touched fell off the wall Breakfast was cheap ingredients - one type of tea , one type of milk  Staff were all very nice - couldn't fault them  Lifts didn't serve all floors - so had to walk ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles,Great location for shopping /shows &sightseeing Double room more like a single no space to move  about or sit & relax.  Third time here & really disappointed with room and there was also normally a large queue for checking: out A large group of teenagers (30) also very noisy but really good spot gir theatres etc,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but excellent executive rooftop room with great view,"Helpful, friendly and swiftly service at the reception and concierge desk. We've booked en executive room and we were pleased with our rooftop room with a splendid view over London. Surely, if you are big you may find the room and bed a bit small-sized but for us it was perfect, very clean and quiet. The bed was confortable and we slept very well. As an executive customer we had the chance to take our breakfast in a separate restaurant where we were served, this is an advantage as the hotel has a lot of rooms so it can get very busy in the normal breakfast room. Yet, the English breakfast was disappointing and not of the quality we were expecting, the next day we tried the porridge and muesli, which were okay but the portion was quiet big, the third day we took a French…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location! ,"A lovely, clean hotel room at a fair rate right in the heart of London. Within walking distance of Oxford street for shopping, Tottenham Court train station and several theatre shows in the west end this hotels location simply could not be better.   It misses out on its 5th star for me as there is currently work going on across the road from our rooms window with very noisy workmen screaming from the crack of dawn. Not too much of a problem if like us you plan on making the most of your time in the city, but annoying on that odd day you want a lie in.   However, great tea and coffee facilities in each room and a choice of three in hotel eateries and bars, with one even being 24hours to suit those with late check in times. We received coupons for a discounts in these venues and…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not recommended at all!,"I stayed at St Giles Hotel for 2 nights two weeks ago. As a single traveller, I was given a tiny box room that you could hardly move in. The room had no proper ventilation, nor air con and was extremely hot. At night, the noise was so great, you could not have the window open properly so it was too hot to sleep. This was a normal evening, temperature, not high summer. I was there for business, so needed the internet, but it was only available for a high extra charge. Breakfast was poor. An uncomfortable space, large queues for the self service, and just about average food. I would not recommend this hotel to stay in.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location near everything in central London,"This is the second time I've brought a large group to the St Giles, and it's a perfectly adequate tourist class hotel. In fact, considering the price and great location, it's a steal. Breakfast is pricey and wi-fi isn't free, but that's not unusual in London. The rooms are clean; in fact, we stayed for a full week and the cleaning service was good every day. Being just a block from the Central line on the Tube, and around the corner from shopping on Oxford Street, and just a quick walk from the British Museum, it's in a very good location overall. Rooms are also fairly quiet; the windows are pretty well insulated so you don't hear much street noise. I will continue to bring groups back, and would bring my family here when they travel along.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mrs,Hotel had a room to look after bags if room not ready which enabled us to look around London. Totenham Court Tube station only 500 yards away. Everything central and easy to get to and close to Theatres. Room was basic standard and very clean. Internet in room for a small charge. Breakfast was European which was either continental or full English. Staff very friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay there again.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - No free Wifi,"This hotel is in a great location and served us well! However we had to exit the hotel just to get free wifi from local restaurants and cafes, which was an inconvenience. Dont expect modern decor because the rooms are tiny and old fashioned if your bothered by the styling, but i doubt youll be in your hotel room your whole trip!",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pretty grim!,"On arriving, the reception was chaotic.  There was a queue but people were jumping in , asking questions from outside the queue.  It took a long time to check in.  I wasn't filled with confidence when I was handed a card key with handle like on traditional key.    As often in London, the room was very small but this generally is not an issue.  However, the room had Venetian blinds with some of the horizontal blades of the blind broken.  This meant it was impossible to shut out all light, made worse by the blue lights to the back of the hotel.  The walls were in bad need need of remaining as well. The mattress on the bed was thin and had protruding springs. In the morning,my door wS knocked on several occasions by cleaning staff despite the fact I was checking out.   Please note…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No opinion ...just the mere facts,"I spent four nights in this hotel. I'll refrain from giving an opinion here but I'm listing herebelow just what I encountered; 1.Room very, very small 2.No wardrobe: just a kind of shelf which even IKEA would discard; 3 No air conditioning; 4.No free wi-fi; 5.Hair-dryer not working properly: lukewarm air only; 6.No shaver plug in the bathroom; 7.No stool for your suitcase; 8.No place to store the bed covers (unless on the floor); 9.A tiny tv screen with no int'l programs whatsoever; 10.No curtains at the window; 11.Bathroom without windows and no exhaust fan; 12.No brush for the WC. These the facts: draw your own conclusions.....",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and only,The hotel is in a great location. One of the best you can be in london and offers an average breakfast and friendly staff Thats all ... I am usually generous on my reviews but this hotel for what it advertises is really bad. Rooms like an old student hostel. A small window with almost no view. Decoration and furniture like a poor old hotel. Spots in the bathroom with poor light and no socket on it. A general liquid for all uses instead of soap and shampoo.  A tiny tv and old.  Lobby small with stairs and crowdy all the time . a pub for noisy nights instead of a relaxing cafe in the lobby. The worse is you pay for wifi!! And even worse you pay for the swimming poll which actually isnt the hotels but anothers company and its been used for swimmers to practise.  I originally booked…,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Beware room sizes,"I visited London for 5 nights at the start of June. I had previously stayed at this hotel several years ago, an knew that room size was an issue. The hotel has subsequently been refurbished, so I decided to give it another shot.  I booked an Executive room, which states on the website that it has a separate seating area, to ensure I had plenty of space to work comfortably, as I was on business.  On first arrival, I was allocated a new room on the top floor. This had a great view, but was the size of a small box room, and certainly didn't have a separate seating area. I went back to reception to ask for a change. They allocated me a different room on the 7th floor. Again the room had a great view, through a large picture window, but was exactly the same size as the first. I…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent hotel,we stayed at this hotel for a weekend in june this year 24th till 26th very clean and pleasant staff always happy to help and very polite breakfast was fabulous rooms very clean and cleaned daily kettle in rooms with tea and coffee supplied daily also safe in room free of charge,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, sub standard accommodation ","You cannot fault this hotel for location. Literally 150 years from Tottenham Court Road tube, right next to Oxford street and walking distance to Soho. It's perfect. Everything though is just basic. I booked a deluxe double for 2 nights bed and breakfast on a Monday and Tuesday night for £247 in total. I walked in and at first thought they'd given me the wrong room but they hadn't, it was just this small. The bathroom is tiny, not much bigger than a caravan bathroom. The bed took the entire part of the bedroom up. A separate living area with all the things you may require, fridge, safe, tea/coffee making facilities, however the tv is up on the wall but is tiny so really inadequate for the extra space. It was fine for what I required, only me and out on business all day, but I…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Take your own mirror,"My friend & I stayed here for two nights a Friday & Saturday though Booking .com it said £200 for both nights ,but when we went to pay it was £205 ? ok I know its only £5 but its not the point I asked why & the lady said that the rates had gone up .Not on realIy. Anyway we went up to our room it was clean very basic,the only problem we had was the light in the bathroom as we are ladies we like to have good light to put on our makeup !! or if you are a man you would like a shaving point ?? we has to stand @ the window to get a bit of light .On the 2nd night we could not get back into our room, we had to go back down to re active our key not good when you need the loo !!!!!!.On the Friday night we ate in the resturant ( Chilli & Sage ) we both had the same pasta which was lovely &…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"Stayed over for one night only. Had an executive room which was very clean and comfortable...and by London standards of a decent size The corridors are looking tired and in need of a lick of paint but mostly the hotel was very clean and tidy. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was very good if a little lacking in portion size. Be prepared for hordes of tourists who are always in a rush and impatient for service, and clog up the hotel entrances. I paid a very reasonable £150 for bed and breakfast (by central London standards)",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, superb concierge service","As a general rule, you get what you pay for - but in fairness (after reading some of the more negative reviews on here), I'd say that this gives you very good value for the money you pay.  The room itself was, as the other reviews here state, tiny. However it was cleaned each day and towels were also replaced daily.  After all, all you need is a place to sleep & keep your possessions secure when you're sightseeing for a few days.   The only drawback ( but a big one) is the lack of free wifi – a serious annoyance in this day and age. How do you justify charging your guests for the use of wifi when it's free literally everywhere else?  The location however is just hard to beat. Hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station and many locations…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed at this hotel for two nights in June. First time in London so wanted somewhere central to stay. Hotel was spotlessly clean, room was spacious and all in all lovely hotel. Was close by to bars, restaurants and the shopping area of Oxford street. Staff were polite and helpful. Would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is the only plus,"I did not have a great experience here. Hotel staff took forever to check us in, I'm not sure why but I was exhausted and it took over half an hour to get the room key! I certainly don't expect any luxury from a place like this but the room was beyond tiny (I had to reverse into the loo!) and the bed was not comfortable. The cleaning staff chose 7 am to vacuum the hall, banging into the door (which is right next to the head of the bed) repeatedly. Didn't sleep much and was glad to check out the next day!",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary ,Great hotel. Central to everything  I wanted from my weekend away. 2 minute walk to Tottenham Court Road underground. About 10 minutes walk to Leicester Square. The only downfall I had was the maids wanted to clean the room at 8 in the morning but it was my fault for not putting the do not disturb sign on the door ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed and expected better...,"The location of this hotel was great, very central to everything we wanted to do. The staff were also very friendly and had the flag of which languages they could speak on their name badge, this was a very interesting feature. The bar and the restaurant was fairly priced but lovely atmosphere and the VQ 24 hour cafe was brilliant with reasonable prices, excellent food and good service. However, when we got to our rooms we were disappointed. The carpet was tacky and the wooden cupboards around the room were also tacky. The lighting in the room was terrible, there was no main ceiling light, only two very dim lights at the side of the bed. We had no natural light in the room as our room was facing out onto the roof and pointing to the other side of the building which blocked all of…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,spot on with location,"hotel is in a fab location , only 3 minutes walk from tottenham court road station. 10 minutes walk to shaftsbury ave for all the theartres. talking of theatres, we went to see Jersey Boys ,fantastic show. Back to the hotel! very clean& well presented,lovely helpful staff good bar area with great meals if you wanted to eat in. We had a double deluxe room on the 2nd floor, not large but nice for a couple of nights stay. If i had to critisize the hotel,it would be the long wait for breakfast ( very nice though) due to the amount of people in the hotel,the eating area is some what like a canteen, where you have to get your meal & then find a table wherever you can find a seat,most times sharing a table with other people.We are due back in London in oct, and will still stay at the…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money great location will be back,"Just got back from a night here and have to say this is a gem of a hotel Not expensive great location just off Oxford street , great little bar within the hotel very helpful staff the concierge was a great help with local knowledge and also went out of his way to sort out a taxi for us ( so glad Portugal won for him) Had a suite which included a tv in the bath room so didn't miss the footy while getting ready  Only complaint was the service in the non hotel bar when having breakfast but won't stop us using this hotel again",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad but.......,Room was small but very clean. Tiny towels and I'm only small so I feel sorry for normal sized people.  The biggest issue were the huge number of tourists.  I appreciate their value to our economy but would prefer not to have to wait for ages only to be shoved out of the way by other people.  My reservation included breakfast but I couldn't face any more of this rudeness so went without. Had a full day conference to attend so not the best way to start the day. ,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"The St Giles Hotel is located at the top of Oxford Street so is the perfect location for travelling around the city.   We paid £99 for a twin, room only which I thought wasn't too bad considering it was a Friday night in the middle of London.  The hotel gave us a very warm welcome and the rooms were comfortable however definately needed updating. Our twin room was very small and everything miss-matched, we had a new/modern bathroom and then you walk into the bedroom and it was all dark wood inbuilt cupboards with two small beds with what I can only describe as a 14 year old boys blue striped duvet sets.  I would return to this hotel but purely only for a flying visit for it's good location.  St Giles Hotel: Please start updating your rooms, they have so much potentialS",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Feels like a bit more than a budget hotel,Very affordable London accommodation. Conveniently located around the corner from the tube. We had a small clean room with a nice size bathroom. Staff are very courteous. Lots of places to eat in and around the hotel. Would stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Appalling 👎,"For a price of £110/night (which is on par with the local premier inn and four star hotel The Grange), I expected something of a higher standard than I got.   The entrance to the hotel isn't great-stairs so not very disable friendly. It's very dated and has a YMCA feel about it. It has six lifts that call only be called by ONE button! It was packed with Americans so I think a lot of their travel companies use this hotel.  There is a very noisy casino to the right of the reception (part of the hotel) and a rubbish restaurant to the base of the stairs.   Upon entry to the room, it was small! Very small! For a double bedroom, it was tight. The pdf is horrible and there are no actual doors on its make shift pdf wardrobe/ shelving unit.   The ""coffee/tea"" facilities were poor- no…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible!,"I wouldn't board a dog at this hotel. My room was like a broom cupboard, the bed was hard, there was no air conditioning, I could here noise from the city even though my room was on the tenth floor and that was with the window closed. It was far too hot and too noisy. The tv was wall mounted and smaller than a standard computer monitor. And to add insult to injury, you practically had to climb over the toilet to get into the shower cubicle. The sink was IN the shower cubicle. My room was right next to the lift shaft and I could hear it every time it was used. I booked elsewhere and checked out!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A trip to theatre land with my sister,"I was a little hesitant about booking a 3 star hotel as only usually stay in 4 star, but I must say for the location and price you would find this hard to beat. At first our standard twin seemed a little small so I requested an upgrade and for only £20 was upgraded To a deluxe twin with much more space and excellent views. The room had everything we needed. A good breakfast maybe not in luxury settings but very tasty. The staff and service they provided made a 3 star hotel into a 4 star experience , I wouldn't hesitate to come back ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not very nice. ,"Poor hotel.  Found our room on 6th floor to be small and not very modern. Poor decor. Cheap towels. A bit dirty. Noisy. Tiny bathroom. I know you only sleep in your room, but please, this was a poor room. No curtains. Just a blind.  Pool/gym isn't  part of the hotel so you have to go next door to use that to the YMCA and it costs £5.00 extra each. Our brochure made you believe it was part of the hotel itself. The maid was knocking on our door at 8.30 am so don't expect a sleep in.  Good location though.  Wouldn't stay there again. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Location but,.....","I book this hotel because high rate in booking.com site , I stayed three night from  15-18 june 2016.  The drawback of the hotel 1-small room 2-noise at night from people outside & cars. 3-big hotel in few lifts & it usually full. 4-old furniture. 5-paid Wifi. 6-Few hot water in shower after 2-3 minutes hot water stop. 7- too bad manger i talk with about noise then told me it is full booked & it is hard to change the room when i book before 5 monthi contact with them for top floors. 8-They take the money in advance while booking by booking.com give me chance stay one night then change the hotel. 8-no fridge. 9-No air condition 10-cold room because heater did not work.  amazing location. helpful concierage. & front desk except the manger. You can see sport channel in TV. Safety…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central setting between British Museum and Oxford Street,"Quality/price is ok.  Rooms clean and contemporary. Big hotel, factory like feeling to me personallyl, busy. The elevator to our floor was like a broom closet : exceptionally small, funny... If you like your British breakfast : plenty is offered and okay. Tea, eggs, sausages, bacon, cake, bread....As mentioned in title : very central setting for both shopping and cultural interest.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lightening visit to see Coldplay,"Great wee room, quiet, comfortable,and clean. What more could you ask for? Well if it's handiness for shops and transport network you're looking for, it's perfect. A two minute walk from Oxford St. and three minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Like lots of London, the rooms were tiny, but everything you need was there. The shower worked great, the wee bed was comfortable, and there was very little noise either from the roads or from the hotel traffic. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Location, Friendly Staff","June 2016: Stayed in the Hotel for 3 nights mid-June.  Really good budget hotel!!  Rooms small but serviceable.  The best part of my stay in the Hotel were the staff, so friendly and helpful.  Ate in the VQ (24hr Cafe) every day and was never disappointed with the food.  MAJOR thumbs up for the location, litterally a 90 second walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station, the whole of london at your doorstep.  Buy and Oyster Card and your away!!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Trip to London ,"A lovely hotel and great staff very willing to help. Great  location  and travel links. Executive rooms are very good and spacious rooms. We also enjoyed a good breakfast in the morning. The only draw back was that there was an additional charge for the pool and sauna, we would have hoped being hotel guests that this complementary.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mid week business trip,"Average room, very average breakfast with stale croissant and terrible coffee.  There are only four small lifts off reception and that's simply not enough for a hotel of that size, I was on the third floor but there's 11 floors so waiting can be irritating when you need to grab breakfast and get to a meeting. The room was adequate but very hot with no heating/air conditioning switch that I could find. Opening the window just lets in traffic noise. The ensuite was tiny but clean. The location was good being so close to the tube. The most annoying thing was having to pay for Internet access.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location,Best thing about the hotel is the location.  Very close to Tottenham Court road subway station.  Room was very small.  Doors are very close to each other and they close very loudly.  Most upsetting thing was they charge for wi-fi and internet.  That is a shame at that price point.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No free wifi,Just spent 3 days with a friend at St Giles in London   The twin room looks much larger in the photo's Just enough room to walk one side of the bed's and barely room to pass each other. No free wifi. However-Staff all friendly. Very good central position,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Definitely worth the money I paid,The hotel is in a great position. The hotel doesn't look much from the outside but with lovely helpful staff. Clean rooms...even though compact they have all you need to make your stay pleasant. We had a room on the second floor and had a good night's sleep. Air conditioning would be of great benefit during the warmer months.  Breakfast was also included in our price and was really nice with a good selection from continental to full English on offer. Definitely would return to this hotel without a doubt 😊,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay at St Giles,"This hotel is in a perfect location for London Theatreland, most theatres in walking distance so neo need to catch tubes or buses.  Arrived just after 2.00pm (after given check in time )to find there were no rooms available but did not take too long to G up the cleaning staff to get one ready. Unfortunately we arrived the same time as a bus load of noisy rude Spanish tourists who insisted on pushing and shoving their way into the lifts with no thought for other guests. The bedrooms here are always too warm so we have to have our window open all the time which can be a bit noisy with traffic and drunks in the street. Stayed at this hotel on several occasion but this is the first time that we used the hotel restaurants, good food with friendly service, will definately use again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,Only stayed one night for concert.  Great location for London Palladium and for the Dominion Theatre as no tube needed you can easily walk to both.  Sainsbury across the road for any essentials.  2 minutes walk to Tottenham Court Road tube station.  Room was a little tired but adequate.  Would definitely stay again purely  for location.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 day visit ,"Really good location for everything, was able to walk to most things  Rooms a little small but very clean and adequate for our stay. Wanted to our and about during most part of the day. Breakfast was very good buffet style, made sandwiches for the lunch from the cold buffet table and took a piece of fruit yummy",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"We stayed here Saturday and Sunday nights as we were attending a concert and going to the theatre. The location is great with e Tootenham Court station only two minutes away and many locations are in walking distance. The room was great for what we needed. It was a bit small but it was clean. The hotel staff were all great and even though they said there were no double rooms, it was quickly sorted. We arrived early and were allowed to leave the bags. There was no charge as I have seen mentioned in other reviews. Even when we were leaving and wanted to do the same. The bar was good as it meant that we could have a drink when we got back to the hotel. It was expensive but then London isn't cheap. Would use here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good hotel, reasonable price ","The location is brilliant. Near the soho & Oxford Street, 10 min. walk from Leicester sq. and covent garden, and a minute walk from the tube.   The rooms aren't big, but really OK. Very clean and tidy.   The only (minor) setback is the lack of free WiFi, a weird thing in 2016.  Nevertheless - very recommended! ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just a place to sleep,"Well located, but that it is!  A small room with twin beds, like the ones found by snow white in the seven dwarfs hut; a mini bathroom, less than 2 m2, where you must guess where to place the shaving razor in your beard, as lights are just the minimum: just to find the soap. No free WIFI, no air conditioning and no curtains or blinds to shade you from the 6 o´clock sun light. The mini TV set (I guess 19”) works fine, the location, close to Covent Garden and the reasonable price (£ 100) are the only positive features I can think of. I did not try breakfast, as I preferred to have it in a nearby French café.  I will try a better place next time.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's ok but little bit dirty,"Rooms look ok, but need good clean. The carpets are filthy and the toilet hmmmm. For leisure facilities you have to pay £5 and the wifi £5. Staff extremely helpful.  I would stay here again as location is perfect.  Next time I will have to try other room. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good position,"Stayed here on a weekend theatre break. Hotel ok, clean, no frills. Room fairly small. Breakfast was very good but the best thing was the position of the Hotel. Staff were very pleasant, if you want to leave you bagsat the hotel after you have checked out you have a small charge of £1 per bag. Not much else to say. This Hotel does what it says on the tin.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Booked on the recommendation of a family member. The location of the hotel couldn't be better for us, walking distance to the restaurant we were going to then on to Shaftsbury Ave. Our suite was on the 9 floor with fantastic views across the City from all angle as it was a corner suite. The staff were attentive and polite, the room was clean and well presented. Breakfast was included in our room fee and although the restaurant was a little chaotic the service was decent and the full English breakfast was more than passable. We will defiantly stay here again when we have our next theatre weekend. We didn't use the gym, but we went to the Casino on the way back to the room and won enough to pay for the weekend. Result.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"Unfortunately I have nothing good to say about this hotel other than the staff on reception are very helpful. The hotel however is overpriced, there is no air conditioning in the rooms, the rooms are dingy, no free wi-fi in rooms (it cost me £10 for 2 days), I was on the first floor and the noise from the hotel kept me awake most of the night I think I must have been above the laundry area. Breakfast is like eating in a bad transport cafe. The lift system is a joke and one of the lifts door sensors didn't seem to be working resulting in being attacked by the door when it closed on you.This hotel has no redeeming features and I won't be staying again.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,"Stayed here as part of a legoland deal. Clean and tidy, no frills, staff were pleasant and friendly enough. Breakfast was a bit of a scrum, we got in straight away at just gone 7:30am but as we left the queue was out the door. Car parking is free and fine. Good local amenities. Bed wasnt brilliant, but as per the title of this review it did what we needed it to and was cheap. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central location, straight-forward setup, helpful staff, no qualms!","The St Giles is a 5 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road Underground, when you come out just look for the big Dominion Theatre and it's just a few minutes past that. The beds were comfy, good-sized bathroom and because it's central London, it is busy but there are plenty of food places and shops literally around the corner. Try Planet Organic if you're Veggie or Vegan OR just like food. There's quite a few nice places around that spot.  The only possible issues some might have is that the lighting in the room was a little odd, only two wall lights and a lamp and because London is warm in the summer, the only cooling breeze is the window, so if aircon if your thing don't get your hopes up. Saying all this, no problems whatsoever as a whole and great value for where you are. I'd…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Some good posirives,"The positives were helpful staff, clean & comfortable twin room that seemed to be reasonably sound-proofed & it was in a good, central location. The 2 negatives were expensive wifi and manically busy - breakfast was January-sales busy so didn't return despite having prepaid for it; a shame as the food seemed reasonable. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Value For Money","It was with some trepidation we checked into this hotel, having read some poor reviews but I need not have worried. I hope to dispel some of these criticisms with this review. We checked in at 2pm and check in was fast, friendly, and efficient. Our room was on the small side but there was plenty of room for three large suitcases. For the price and the location this hotel is excellent value for money. As this hotel is such good value it is used a lot by tour groups and this is when queues develop at check in and breakfast. There were queues at check in at 9pm and for breakfast 8 to 8.30am, so avoid these times if you don't like queuing, tour groups check in  together and breakfast together. As for noise, you are in the centre of one of the busiest cities in the world, of course…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location!,"Love love love love love the location! My husband and i stayed there from 6th-10th June 2016.  It is in the heart of the West End with theatres all around the corners. Dominion Theatre is just right next door and the rest are mostly within 5mins walk. Love the fact that the Tottenham Court Road is an interchange station (Central and Northern lines) and is just 3mins walk away! You can basically go everywhere with these two lines.  The British Museum!, phone store, Primark (beautiful cheap children clothes), Flat Iron @ Denmark Street (tender succulent steak at £10), M&S food are just around the corner. All the stores that you need is within arms reach!! So convenient that it is ideal stay for travelling with kids too. Oxford Street and Chinatown is within walking distance - say…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel in a very good location,"St Giles Hotel is conveniently located in an easy to find area, few meters from a tube station and a walking distance from London's famous Oxford street. The rooms are basic though equiped with TV sets, in-room safe and electric kettle with complimentary stachets of tea and coffee which is a big plus. Breakfast is super and the staff are alert and helpful even when handling large number of visitors. Surprisingly, Internet service is not included in room charges and one has to buy daily (24hr) vouchers to enjoy the net and that was disappointing to say the least.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Squashed and cramped,"Ideal place to stay if you need to be Oxford Street-ish based, will be out all day, do not need paid-for wifi, can tolerate cow stall breakfast provision with long queues at peak time weekday (7.30am - 8.30am) for cardboard toast, rubber eggs, sugar baked beans, plastic bacon and dreadful coffee.  With 11 floors, the hotel lifts cannot accommodate demand at peak times. The disabled lift for wheelchairs did not work so on arrival at the hotel, disabled people or even abled bodied but with suitcases are faced with about 12 steps just to get to reception. This hotel is badly designed. This is not the staff's fault, they are working in a dysfunctional building but taking the flak from users.  The hotel suffers building and major road works on both sides although I heard very little,…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two poor nights!,"Stayed here on Tuesday 14 Jun 16 to Thursday 16 Jun 16.  First night they did not have a disabled room despite the request clearly being on the form (wife is normally in a chair but more so as she has just recently undergone a full knee replacement operation last month).  Despite having a bedroom and a sitting room, both were very small and there was no room for the wheelchair; which leads to another story! On arrival, the hydraulic lift to take you to the checking in desk from the concierge at the front, was not working and they did not mention when it would be fixed.  They took us a long winded route to the room, when my wife and to get of the chair and walk through doors as the wheelchair would not fit through these doors.   Bed was uncomfortable and did not promote a good…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top place to stay ,Had a very nice stay at St Giles hotel .it is situated in a popular part of London within walking distance of Leicester Square soho so the night life is good too right on the doorstep of the Dominican theatre now showing THE BODYGUARD very close to the tube station as well . Nice clean room with on suite shower my only gripe was the lifts they take ages but there is 4 of them breakfast was massive lot of choice for everyone ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One week stay in London,"We stayed there twice. The first time, it was 8 years ago (in 2008) and it looked nice. Our last stay (March 2016) was not bad, but not so nice compared to our previous experience.  Location of the hotel is probably one of its best features. It is very close the Tube and 7 min. walk from the Trafalgar Square. The rooms (at least ours) have not been renovated for a long time, though they were clean enough. Unfortunately, there was no free Wi-Fi in the rooms.  The staff was friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bog-standard big urban hotel does a job,"This is a big, busy, somewhat noisy central London hotel ideal for tourists or cheap business accommodation. The staff are very good and customer service focussed. Waiting for the elevators is a pain in the **** at busy times so I used the stairs. The rooms are okay, functional and clean with the usual false granite panels in the bathroom. The decor and furnishings are a bit tired in places. Wi fi costs £5 a day. The hotel has an emporium of satellite bars and eateries which are quite pleasant, again with good staff. My package included the 'executive breakfast' which had decent coffee and waitress service. Overall, if you want to stay close to the British Museum / Tott Ct Rd and want a modern hotel and not too expensive, this fits the bill.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gets the job done,"As part of a school trip from the United States, a large group of us stayed here.  The room itself was underwhelming, but if you're in a foreign country and hanging out in the room all day, you're doing it wrong!  Our room on the 4th floor was small, two twin beds nearly next to each other, one window, no air conditioning, a small desk, and a bathroom only large enough to turn around in.  There is an Underground (subway) stop located a couple of blocks away and there are many businesses nearby:  boulangerie, department store, and restaurants.  Plenty to do around the hotel.  Russell Park is a few blocks away in case you want to go jogging.  The hot breakfast served in the hotel restaurant was very good.  Overall, the hotel did a good job, but the quality of the room itself makes…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The best part of the St Giles London is its location, a half block from the Tottenham Court Road tube station. There's also a Boots drug store, Stansbury's grocery store within a minute's walk from the hotel.   My room was comfortable and clean. The breakfast offerings were plentiful. The only downside was the noise from construction across the street, but that's London in 2016.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does the job nicely,"Very central hotel, the staff are lonely, nice hotel bar and very comfy beds! It has a leisure centre and casino on site too. The only problem we found is that there are no curtains in the rooms, just blinds which let all the light in so we got woken up at 4am when the sun came up! For such a nice hotel it's a shame that they've scrimped on curtains as it would've made a huge difference to the rest we got.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location Helpful Staff,"The hotel is only five minutes on foot from the Tottenham Court Road underground station. There are lots of places to eat within a fifteen minute walk: Starbucks, Pret-a-Manger, Burger King, McDonald's, Wasabi, Pomme de Pain. The British Museum is a fitteen minute stroll away, as is Foyle's Bookstore. Many of these places have free WiFi, which the hotel does not provide. I found the front desk very responsive to my requests and the concierge was knowledgable.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City break away ,"This was our second stay at st Giles, visiting London for the Royal celebrations so hotel was very busy. Stayed in room 775 this time executive suite all good, safe and fridge in room plus air conditioning, not much hanging space for clothes, but for two people who don't travel light all was still good, room cleaned every day, plenty of tea/ coffee supplies refilled each morning. No noise at all during the night even with window open due to hot weather, building work around area very little disruption. Breakfast was of a good standard complimentary with booking, in the restaurant. Location is the key for this hotel, tube station just around the corner, easy walking distance to Covent Garden, Leicester Square etc.Only one thing to mention no free wi fi through out the hotel, only…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and Comfy,"Arrived at the hotel we had done our check in online and the email said go straight to the priority desk, I handed in the paperwork and got told to stand in the queue as they haven't had time to process, The email advised us to do this to save time! Our room was on the 3rd floor corridors in need of new floors big divets in them, The twin room was small but clean and the bed was lovely, with double duvets on single beds, had a great sleep. Breakfast was very busy if you could find a seat to have some, food was average, Would go back again just for the bed but no breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Son and mum trip,"Stayed one night and that was enough. Ugly building and rooms not at all appealing. Moved rooms as the 1st one was so dark.  2nd room not much better although window did open slightly. Shower room so small. Bed quite comfortable but not much else nice to say. Reception staff were helpful in trying to move rooms for us. Concierge very good , as was the door man... WiFi you had to pay for...not acceptable in this day and age...Go to the pub next door it's free.. Overall.. location was perfect for us but £100 for a Monday night in a very small unattractive room was not worth it...I won't be going back.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect ,"Ok arrived and was little apprehensive due to some negative reviews. Well what I will say is that some people moan for sake of moaning, this hotel is clean, central and the staff are all friendly and helpful. You will not get better location, you wont get better staff, now you will get bigger rooms if you pay a lot more but they won't be any cleaner. So what I will say is if you want a nice,friendly and Clean hotel book this place it's bloody great to be honest !! ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for the price.,"This hotel has a good location a few minutes from Tottenham Court Road Station. It has a bright foyer and a good sized bar and restaurant. The rooms are on the small side even for London but were clean and functional. If you intend to use it as a base for exploring the many sites London has to offer then it is fine. My main complaint - and many others as well - is that wifi is charged for. Considering that cafes and bars are expected to provide this service for free and invariably do, it might be best to take heed. Overall though, a good place to stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent for Twickenham ,6 of us stayed here for England v Wales friendly and Cornwall v Cheshire County Champs. It is a one stop train ride from Twickenham and the station is two minutes from the hotel. The rooms are clean and big and the service is good. We didn't eat there but the bar was good. Very reasonably priced for London,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Ugly building on the outside, slightly more appealing on the inside. A large hotel with a very busy reception area. Bedroom area big enough for what you need, but the bathroom is very tiny. Everything you require in the rooms, including a safe. We unfortunately had no hot water on the Saturday evening, when wanting a shower before going out. Handy there was a kettle so we good boil water to wash with. Reported the problem on our way out to the theatre. The fault was fix why we was out, but not offered any compensation for not being able to shower!!!",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"Stayed here at the weekend. Had a nice rooftop room with good views over London , it's just across the road from Tottenham court rd tube Stn , we walked most places from here, will definitely stay here agn, paid £2 to leave the bags with the concierge on check out.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,The reviews say it all. The main room was fine. The bathroom was smaller than normal for Europe and had a strong mildew odor. That said it was clean. The bed was okay but definitely not super comfortable.  I was shocked to learn Wi-Fi isn’t free in the rooms. I realize some places charge but I thought it was listed as free in an advertisement. I told the desk manager I was led to believe Wi-Fi was included and he went into a speech about how most hotels in the UK charge for Wi-Fi. He said the ones that didn’t charged more in the room price for it. I had stayed in 6 other hotels throughout the UK arriving at the St. Giles. All of them had free Wi-Fi and prices at or below the St. Giles.   The St. Giles has several outlets. One is the St. Giles Casino. There’s only one word to…,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Large Hotel.,Hotel needs to provide free wi-fi both in the lobby area as well as rooms. The only hotel I have stayed in the past few years that charge for these services. Hotel could use an exterior cleaning or renovations. Not particularly attractive. Rooms were average.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good,great place ....In the city of London...great for meetings etc.  in great location   and pleasant environment ...been here many times and hope to  be here again .  will recommend...  is perfect for people that can't go out of country and rent an place way from home,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine location - expensive WiFi (£ 5/day),"Good hotel centrally located in London.  Clean, decent rooms, and fine concierge service.  Good English breakfast.  Only real complaint is, that you have to pay a high price for WiFi.  Wifi is becoming standard for hotels in this category, and if WiFi was included, I would have given them 4 stars in stead of three.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad.,Stayed for one night on Saturday. Room was functional and following reviews on TripAdvisor  was exactly as expected. Room and bathroom were nice and clean and there were coffee and tea making facilities as well as as a safe. There are internal blinds in the small windows which are useless and a blue light outside the window lit up the whole room. The hotel is ideally located just a minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube and Oxford Street. For £93 this was fairly good value for the location on a peak Saturday night.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"This hotel was fine. Room was really tiny, but OK for our purpose as we were out and about all day. The general decor is pretty tired but it was clean enough. Location wise it can't be faulted, right next to the tube, walking distance to both Covent Garden/Soho and Oxford Street. If you are looking for a budget hotel this place does the trick. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Over priced,staff not helpful","Sad that having book and paid for months before my planned stay that this hotel was a complete let down, having stayed in a number of London hotels and I rate this amoung the worst. Staff very unhelpful, appalled that I had to try three rooms to get something ok, I have to say the welcome and presentation at travel lodges are now far better and I never thought I would ever say that ! Look elsewhere unless you wish to feel unwelcome and ripped off. The £5 charge per 24 hours of wifi is also terrible. Very disappointed, will not recommend or ever stay again.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Haven't stayed in this hotel for seven years. It has clearly had a great makeover since my last visit. The staff were really friendly and helpful. The room was clean and although fairly small it was great to have a small sitting area around the corner with a second tv. The shower room was great. We enjoyed the breakfast, the restaurant does however get very busy. Luckily I am an early riser. We did have drinks in the bar and would certainly recommend a visit. Prices are average for London. Have already booked another stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Staying at  St. Giles,"Stayed at this hotel for the 3rd time,   as usual very high standard,  amazing staff who cannot do enough for you,  this hotel is excellent for anyone wanting to explore London so close for all the theatres and restaurants",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The hotel is in a great location, next to Tottenham Court Road tube station, and near Oxford street with excellent shopping. Walking distance to many attractions including Covent Gardens, Leicester Sq etc. The room was tidy, and everything worked fine. The room also had a desk and bathroom was clean. Great selection of restaurants and the food was good as well. The downsides were that the room was a bit on the small side (hey, this is London) but adequate and without air conditioning, being a hot day I stayed there, I had to open windows and this made the room a bit noisy. Guests have to pay for internet access. Everything was good though.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theaters.,Booked as within easy walking distance of theatre and underground station. Room was small but adequate.  Hotel had car park below but needed parking sensors on when negotiating way in and lower levels. £25 for 24 hours,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If like mice in the breakfast room go here,"The personnel are the nices people ever, but it cannot compensate for the terrible breakfast room including mice. We also had some great help from the the people in the front desk as our friends forgot all their stuff in their room and did not realize until we already checked out. Lots of thanks for this. However the rooms are very small, windows hardly open and there is nowhere to put a towel except on the floor since there are no hangers in the bath room.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"I recently stayed at the St Giles hotel and was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is close to the underground station as well as Oxford St for Shopping and Restaurants. The hotel itself is a little dated however is clean and tidy.  The hotel itself has a few Restaurants connected via a maze underneath to a Bar, Chinese and s 24/7 cafe. I had dinner and breakfast which was great. As a guest of the hotel you can also access the YMCA gym for £5 per visit which also has access via the hotel.  If you are after a hotel in a great location then look no further, it is walking distance to everything you need as well as great public transport to get you around during you stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not free wi-fi in 2016??,I was very negatively surprised to find out that they charged for wi-fi. The carpets in the corridors and room were not clean. The room it self had nice size and the bath room was clean. Very central is the positive side of it.,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Awful hotel,St Giles is located right off Tottenham Court Road a great location right in the centre of London. Unfortunately that's all it has going for it. The rooms are small dated and in desperate need of repairs. There is no air con and the window only opens a couple of inches so if you are going in the summer avoid! There are no curtains on the window only blinds and these blinds keep none of the light out. As soon as the sun comes up you may as well have no blinds. You also can't open the window and have the blinds down as the blinds are inside the window pane. The shower didn't drain properly so I was constantly left standing in water even after showering for a couple of minutes and the shower is so small that I don't know how anyone can fit in it. I'm 5ft3 and pretty small and even…,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very central,clean and comfortable, great breakfast options.",Stayed here in April. Very central being less than 5 minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Walking distance to Shaftesbury Ave and British Museum. Clean comfortable rooms and great breakfast options. Staff helpful and friendly. Noisy on Tottenham Court Road side so ask for a quiet room which we did and were accommodated with this.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excelent stay in Central London,"We stayed fra Thursday to Sunday at St Giles in the heart of London. A Large an fine hotel. The standard double room had sufficient Space - especially due to a spare Space between the bedroom and the bathroom. A wide desk With electrical outlets, Mirror and a couch With plenty of Space for two suitcases. However the twin bed is not a good solution for couples. Even if they are put together, they tend to slide apart. I recommend to bring something in the suitcase to strap the bedlegs together :-)  Cleaning was good, but I don't like carpets on the floor. Nice bar downstairs and a good English breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,We stopped here over the Bank Holiday. The hotel is ideally located just a minute away from Oxford Street. Breakfast was filling with an excellent selection of hot and cold dishes. The room was a little on the small side but we spent very little time in it. Going back in September for our anniversary.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just what we needed ,Couldn't be in a better location. Ideal for a weekend in London. Rooms very good and clean   Breakfast was good. Would definitely come back again. The only let down was our room was near the lift so we could hear it ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good hotel overall","Spent three nights at the London St Giles. It's in a very good location on Tottenham Court Road, only a couple of minutes' walk from TCR tube station and Oxford Street. Perfect for shopping and getting around. Within walking distance of Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus and Covent Garden. Rooms are OK for a London hotel. We had a deluxe double which had a separate bedroom and sitting area with a TV in each as well as a small fridge. The bedroom area was only slightly bigger than the bed (only space for a bedside table on one side in fact), so the sitting area came in very useful. Quite different from the photos on the website incidentally, but not surprising i suppose. Room was clean and quiet considering it was facing onto the street. Reasonably nice, but a bit dated and the…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,College dorm?,"No central heat/air, but a fan was provided.  Blinky bathroom light.  No shampoo, conditioner, or lotion. Very cheap/scratchy comforter.  The hallway smells like the downstairs casino's pizza.  We were on our honeymoon, so we opted to push the two twin beds together :-/ We seriously felt like we were in a university dormitory room.  For a little more money, we could have had LOTS better.  The location was the one saving grace, as it is right around the corner from SoHo, and very near a tube station.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for what we needed,"I went on a school trip last summer to London and we stopped the night in this hotel. We read the reviews and the truth is, we were dreading it. There was a group of at least 40 of us, which is why the size of the hotel was ideal. Though the hotel was big, it was not difficult to get around. Our room was nice and clean, the bathroom was on the small side but in theory, it didnt need to be bigger. I was in a room which slept 3 and it was the perfect size. With London forever developing, we had a view of cranes and building work, but out of all the rooms, we were the only one in our group who could see Big Ben from our window. A couple of downsides were that the weather was scorching and our room was on the hot side, but that just meant we didnt need quilts. Breakfast was nice,…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic but adequate, good location, could be improved","Booked in at 2am after walking from Euston station. Was charged £70 for a single room with no wifi or breakfast, even though I only needed the room for a few hours. Room was small but I expected that, it was very clean with very fresh bedding. Female caribbean receptionist was lovely and friendly, the male receptionist seemed very hesitant about giving me a room! After taking money and giving me the key he then asked for my credit card so he could take details in case anything went missing. Lovely. (I'm a middle aged mum of 3 not a rock star!) Can hear noise from the street all night but it didnt bother me as its to be expected in London, then street cleaners started at 6am but I easily fell back to sleep. More annoying was this: I was told checkout was 11am; I was woken up…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Standard English hotel...,Good location for shopping but otherwise very basic. Room is little more than a shoe box with only the very basic amenities included. No free WIFI and you are overwhelmed by the busloads of tourists passing through. quite noisy outside in the evenings as well. Staff are friendly and do their best for you but I would not like to stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excited to visit London, let down by hotel","Where to begin arrived in London from the south west after a long train journey and was excited to visit this hotel and also let our little weekend adventure begin... On entering I was really impressed quick at reception told us we had a executive double room ( this should have been a twin) so thought awesome executive should have a lot of space right ???  we couldn't have been more wrong... Tiny room, smallest double bed I've ever seen... Could hardly walk around the room.. Had I led on the floor I woulda touched each side of the room... The shower area didn't get a look in as we were already so disappointed... We led on the bed and I noticed a few red dots in the pillow... Couldn't resist taking a photo as it appeared to be blood... And surrounding this was several hairs...…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
2449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired and dirty hotel,"This hotel should be regarded as much better than many reviewers state but having just spent one night there I wholeheartedly agree with them. The location is excellent but everything else about this establishment, including the demoralised staff, is poor. The decor is tired and in need of much needed attention and renewal. The bedroom and bathroom were small, dirty and in need of repair. The shower tray was black with dirt around the edges and the wash basin needed replacing. The dining room reminded me of my university refractory and the fare was poor. I struggled to find any healthy alternatives; even the fruit at breakfast was from tins and covered in sticky syrup. Staff had lost the will to live and openly expressed their disgust at their working surroundings and bosses. I…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but basic,Very near tube and Oxford street. Room small but adequate for one night and although we arrived early room was ready. Bathroom could be cleaner and the door kept sticking. Reasonable price for central London. Plenty of places to eat locally. Reception staff friendly ,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"As always, perfect location","This time we stayed on the 1st floor and overlooked the Cheshire hotel, some noise from the street, but nothing significant. Room larger than previously and this time we had a bath with shower over. Check in and out efficient and concierge very helpful. Good baggage storage.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small room, nice location","I stayed in a room with two twin beds. The room was not large, but in the middle of a large city, like London or New York, I don't expect a large room at the price I am willing to afford.  The room was on the fifth floor, not near the elevators, facing Bedford Avenue.  It was quiet enough at night as long as the window was closed.  The nearby Sainsbury's store is convenient for anyone content to dine mostly on supplies from a nearby grocer (salads, baked chicken, cheeses, breads, wine, beer, etc.).  The hotel is conveniently located to Oxford Street shopping, the Tottenham Court Road underground station, and easy walking distance (1 mile, or so) from Charing Cross, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, The British Museum.  Please note that the Tottenham Court Road…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Unhelpful front of house staff ,"Staff were unhelpful and rude at check in not explaining where anything was, still don't know where the restaurant was or when breakfast finished. Had to ask when check out was..where the lifts were...what the WiFi password was...and to confirm I had meal allowence through the company. The staff said rudely that there was an allowence but you have to get vouchers...nothing to be charged to the rooms and of course no room service.  Room it's self, no iron and noisy not suitable for business if you plan on doing some work at night. House keeping came in at 8am despite check out being 11am. I will be advising my company to remove St Giles from the preferred hotel list ",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Hotel just fine, but seriously.... WiFi. ","Good enough to stay but seriously, you have to pay for wifi. This is so last decade. Everywhere in the world wifi is free. Maccas, coffee shops, hairdressers, and every hotel I stay in has free wifi.  I'm on the train. Free wifi.  Cafes in Bombay and Changzhou. Guess what. Free wifi.  Suggest you get with the times. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible experience,"Very unhappy with the hotel. There was no access to Internet!!! Unbelieveble... You have to pay to get a password!!!! Even hostels have free access!!! Telephone in my room didn't work so I couldn't get through to reception, had to go downstairs! My room With double bed aimed for two people was very small and smelled badlyl! This hotel is not worth £90 per night at all!!! Don't recommend it, the only advantage is that it takes 20 min to get to the centre, travelogue is better and cheaper!",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,This hotel could do better,"A main plus to this hotel is its location, close to the Tottenham Court Road Underground station and at walking distance to Covent Garden, Soho, the Parks, and the Thames. My room had a kettle for making tea which is really nice. Room and bathroom were clean. The positive features were during my stay however offset by a number of aspects which i hope the hotel might consider improving. On check-in staff was impersonal to bordering on impolite, though i was treated much more friendly another evening, so i guess i am left with a mixed opinion. Wifi is 5 GBP a day which is not really acceptable. Breakfast is 9.95 GBP for canteen-style food. Not worth it and i would recommend any of the cafe's in the neighbourhood instead (e.g. the one at the corner of the hotel). The single rooms…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A bit cramped ,"Good central location but as a single traveller on business I'm used to having a double bed these days. The room I was offered was tiny with a single bed, a dodgy tv remote, and not overly clean. The wifi is charged for but didn't seem to work anyway. Luckily I was only here for one night. The reception area seemed nice and as initially stated very central to the theatre district and Covent Garden. ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic,A few points about the hotel...  Swimming pool is advertised as part of the hotel facilities. There is a pool but it will cost you £5 per swim. It is actually a a separate leisure company facility in the basement.  There is no air conditioning. Quite stuffy.  On the plus side the location is great and the breakfast buffet substantial. I would stay clear of the sausages though!  ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stopover.,"Rooms are small, but spotlessly clean. We stayed for 2 nights and sheets were changed after one night. Good hotel for short stay, wardrobes and drawers are open fronted not a lot of storage space. Self service breakfast nice and fresh. Would have been nice to have some muesli and fried eggs. Little bit noisy from sirens etc. in the street, but that's London.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location very compact ,Stayed here on a last minute deal. I can not fault its location. Very close to Tottenham Court Tube station. Walking distance to soho and lots of theatres.   The rooms are very compact bit were clean and comfortable.   There is no free wifi which is expected now in hotels and the maid service work me up most mornings with loud bangs and talking.   I would stay here again but only because of its central location and only if I could get it on a deal again.   ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nothing special, but serves purpose","Booked a Theatre Break with my wife. Room was small, but nice and clean. Was disappointed to find they fleece you by charging extra to visit the leisure facilities, £5 per person per visit. I found concierge man to be mildly sarcastic if you ask him anything, I think he is bored of answering the same questions all day. Just after midnight we returned from the theatre, and had to wait for 10 minutes as Reception had bazaarly run out of room keys, they blamed the situation on the incompetence of the duty manager. Breakfast was hot and cold buffet style, all ok apart from the sausages which were rather unpleasant and full of gristle. In summary, very good central location, adequate    accommodation, not luxurious but reasonable price, staff not exactly friendly, so average at best. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Compact,"Travelled for business, one night only.  Really small room.  Had booked a double room and was allocated twin.  The window overlooked a massive crane and the blinds were broken so struggled to close in order to shut out the flashing beacon on top of the crane.  The maid tried to enter my room at 8.30am whilst I was still not decent.  Really handy location,  Wifi was not free.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap & cheerful,"Rooms are small but if you get a recently refurbished upper floor, they're fine.  Our room on 9th floor was clean, in good order & perfectly adequate for our needs as a base for central London. Hairdryer/telephone/small tv & kettle provided.   Check in staff were very pleasant, in particular Adrian who was polite and helpful.   Breakfast is a total nightmare experience with queues & not great food. Next time we'd use the cafe next door, as food looked good & their coffee was super.  Concierge were extremely helpful with minding luggage & giving directions-they were very patient with the many visitors who didn't speak English.   The hotel bar was fine & the location is ideal for Tottenham Court Rd tube as well as being 10 min walk from Soho for restaurants etc  Have stayed once…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic but acceptable,"Travelling on business.  Booked only because it was the only one acceptable to company policy somewhere near central London.  For a tourist it is probably excellent, for business less so.  Check in was efficient, rooms are very small but sufficient, if a little worn.  Bed was comfortable.  The problems are: 1. Windows with no curtains.  Only partially functional venetian blinds, so that light streams in early. 2. No aircon so that the only way to keep cool is to open the window, which lets in the noise of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road. 3. No double glazing so even with the window closed you hear the sirens, drunks and motorbikes. 4. Towels that to be compliant with trades description act would be better described as pocket handkerchiefs.  Breakfast was acceptable, but…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,BEST EVER FREEVIEW.,Ideally situated for shows and sightseeing.Clean compact room.Road noise high but this is central London. Very reasonable rates.Staff very friendly and helpful.Wetherspoons 10 mins.walk for cheap breakfast.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate room and breakfast in the heart of London.,"Good location and adequate service from a friendly staff. Although the room was small, the bed was comfortable.  The breakfast was quick and substantial for a full day of sightseeing.  No free wi-fi was annoying.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Best location, worst breakfast in London","Location is very good, in the very center.  Very close to Dominion Theatre, also close to the theatres in Covent Garden and Leicester Square / Picadilly. Other hotels there are much more expensive. Upgraded room was good, standard rooms are very small. The bathroom is very small.  Toilet did not work well. We told the staff, they promised to have it fixed, but it was still just the same. No free wifi, very oldfashioned. You have to pay for a short session in the reception area. You must never never never choose to have the buffet breakfast there!!!! It is so awful, indescribable! Book without, and walk to Cafe Rouge! It is close, 100-200m towards Tottenham CR station. Just before the Dominion Theatre you find it on the lefthand side, a wonderful place for breakfast as well as…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,cup final weekend,"Having failed to book a previous hotel I booked this one as it was pretty close to Euston station. roughly a mile or so but ok walking. I booked roughly 3 months ago to guarantee a room. Icame down on the Friday afternoon and arrived at the hotel about 16 30 pm what stuck me was how busy the hotel was, there was 4 on reception and after a small wait I was seen to by a helpful young man. He offered me a room on the 9th floor which suited me as it would minimize traffic noise. The room was of adequate size and clean. The bathroom was ok size and also clean. I hurriedly unpacked and got the lift down, again the lifts were very busy. So be prepared! The hotel is situated in a great place near Tottenham court rd tube station. There are plenty of bars restaurants etc, and Friday night…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Good location, 2 minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube and close to coffee shops and restaurants. Room a bit small but has everything you need and a very comfortable bed.  Nice restaurant and tasty breakfast.  Pleasant staff throughout.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed,"I was very impressed with our check-in at the St Giles yet from the point of check in our experience has been average to poor. I will start off with the fact that the bathroom seems constant, then there is only a coat hanger closet with room for 3 shirts to put your clothes. I expected it to be cosy yet for two adults we will need to live out of our suitcases.  Then when we tried to get to sleep we asked about the air conditioning and we were told that we do not have a air conditioned room those are for upgraded Guest - well who do I blame for this, I guess I will take the blame yet Im disappointed that our travel agent would not have passed this along to us. We were then told to use the fan they provide the room - well great we tried and two things 1. the fan didn't reach close…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor attitude,"Centrally located but otherwise little to recommend it. They charge 5 Pound per day for wifi plus 5 pound to use the gym facilities. No fridge in room, small bathrooms with poor lighting and no central air conditioning. I know it's London but the place needs some upgrades to justify the prices. Issue bought to the attention of management are basically shrugged off.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"I have just spent one night at the hotel on business and (after reading previous other reviews) was impressed with the place. The location is fantastic and the hotel has quick and easy access to the underground, Oxford Street, Covent Garden etc. The room price was very reasonable for central London and the room itself was clean, fairy spacious and comfortable. The only negatives were a lack of air conditioning (which I can imagine would be a problem during very hot days and nights!), and the fact that you have to pay for WiFi. There is a lot of building work going on around the hotel too, which can be a bit noisy if you want have the windows open! The staff were all very friendly and helpful. I didn't try to hotel breakfast but ate next door at the 24 hour diner instead, which…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel,Booked as part of theatre break.  Rooms were small but had all amenities and very comfortable bed.  Good food in restaurant and breakfast had all options.  Staff were friendly and helped with all our questions.  Very central for theatre and underground ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"The hotel is in an excellent location - if you come out of the Tottenham Court Road tube through the Oxford Street exit you can see the hotel ahead of you over on the right.  Check in was simple and quick.  I'd asked for a high floor and we were given a corner room on the 7th floor.  The corridors are quite narrow but the room was easy to find.  The room itself was clean and tidy, although quite small.  I'd chosen the deluxe room option which gave us a small sitting room type area - this made a big difference as the actual bedroom part held a double bed and nothing else so it would've been a bit claustrophobic after a couple of days.  That said, you don't go to London to sit in a bedroom so we had no real complaints. We did notice, on our last night as we were back earlier, that…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location😀,"This hotel is average. It is very dated and needs some refurbishment. However if you are not looking for a luxurious base in central London, this hotel is adequate. It's location will not be beaten for the price. Tottenham Court Rd Tube Station (on the corner of Oxford Street) is 100m away. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,VERY DISAPPOINTING HOTEL IN CENTRAL LONDON,"Despite great location, the staff, service, and rooms are very disappointing. Upon arrival, the staff are everything but friendly, and not very helpful at all. The rooms are tiny with minimum comfort, and look nothing like the pictures! And, most importantly, you have to pay extra for absolutely everything: Wifi (even in the lobby) as well as breakfast! when actually, it is advertised otherwise. I won't be going there again.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,I picked this hotel mainly for its location as it was near to the places we wanted to visit. The room was ok for one night but if I was staying for longer would prefer a larger room. Unfortunately our shower wasn't very hot which was disappointing and the room was too hot so we had to have the windows open which wasn't ideal because of the noise. The best aspects of this hotel were its location and the full English breakfast. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Motown The Musical,"Booked the St Giles as part of a London Theatre Break. Fantastic location for the West End well within easy walking distance and from London Euston for that matter. Large Busy hotel the staff were friendly and professional. Our room was small but scrupulously clean and well equipped. We went for a high floor what a view of London awesome. We had a hot European breakfast included it was spot on lovely fresh hot food loads of choice fantastic servers. Really enjoyed our stay, must go back.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location ,"Cheapest we could find in central London and very pleased. Rooms are small but adequate and very clean. Staff are mostly foreigners but all very friendly and welcoming.  Located very close to dominion theatre, Tottenham Court Road tube station and a short walk to Oxford Street, regent street and Carnaby street. Overall, very happy.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The hotel itselff is just ok, have to pay for the wi-fi for each 24 hours, but the location is awesome. So close to the nearest underground and Oxford St just around the corner basically. The hotelroom that we were in was kind of small and the beds not too great, but you get what you pay for, and it was a pretty good price.  And a good thing I wasn't there to sleep in, because of construction work just outside my window. I would consider staying there again, mostly because of the location and the price, fine for a couple of days.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for a central location,"The is hotel is close to Tottenham Court Road tube station, and seemed to serve mainly the tourist market.  The building is not pretty, and the bedrooms small.  No air conditioning, free wifi or bath (just a shower).  However, it was cheap for such a central location and the breakfast very good.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good but not great.,"I stayed here for 1 night in a single room. The hotel is very busy, and is located very close to Tottenham Court Road tube station. I found this hotel to be a little tired, my room was clean however the toilet flush was not properly fixed to the wall, the hand wash holder didn't hold the bottle properly so it was hard to use, and there was some uneven flooring under the carpet in the bedroom. The breakfast was fine, although very busy in the breakfast room. It's not a bad hotel, I'd probably not stay here again though as I have used other hotels I prefer.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Inexpensive, great location but very busy","This hotel is just north of the Tottenham Ct Rd/ Oxford St junction and great for the north side of Soho and theatre land - we walked from Greek St home( 10 min) .          It was full of a queue of backpackers but there were about 6 staff booking in. It was cheap and efficient here and was noisy in the foyer . Our room was clean though a bit small, but luckily we has a second tiny room with a single bed as well, so we used that for luggage. We didn't eat here. We eat at Wasabi in the evening and Leon's for breakfast - both excellent and over the road- didn't fancy jostling with so many people for eggs and bacon at the buffet.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another visit,"This is our second time staying at the St Giles, we really like this hotel as it is central to most places in London (within walking distance), but the tube station is just around the corner. We stay for three nights and we can fault the hotel. Yes the rooms are small but if you are only using the hotel to sleep in its fine. The staff are always friendly and happy to sort any problems. We had a roof on the sixth floor and this was a room for three people as it had a separate living room with a pull out bed, this was really nice to have to just sit and relax before hitting London. We didn't have breakfast included this time but there are lots of places to grab breakfast. A lovely hotel and will visit again. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Crampy room, no Airconditioner in room","For the money paid, this is the worst hotel I have stayed in so far.  The rooms are so small, you can barely move around.  There is one small window which does not open fully, and you cannot really get a view of anything. If you have claustrophobia, this is not the place for you. They do not have air-conditioner in the standard rooms(which was not specifically mentioned at the time of booking).  The window in the room has to be kept open for ventilation, along with fans.  There was so much noise from the traffic and all the construction near by, it was very hard to fall asleep.  Cannot believe they have non-AC rooms for the price they charge!!! The bathroom was decent, but the shower was super small!! Wifi was not free.   The front desk staff was very courteous and helpful.  The…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"If you are not too concerned with comfort and can live with a small room, this is the London hotel for you as the location is great. Great for Oxford st, Covent Garden, museums, shopping, restaurants, theater etc.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Value for Expensive London,"The St. Giles Hotel is busy with many, many tourists checking in and checking out. In spite of the large number of guests, the staff provide excellent, professional service. The rooms are small but are clean and well equipped. Another major plus is location: a short walk to the tube and Oxford St. I will definitely return to St. Giles ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's 'functional',"I needed a hotel for one night, whilst on a business trip. After finding out a Premiere Inn was £197.50, my wife got on the case and used latebooking.com. This found the St. Giles, at £119.00 bed and breakfast. This hotel is an 'experience'. The entrance looks good and, as you go up the steps to reception, you're immediately given the impression you are in an airport or on a cruise ship; due to the tapes funnelling the queue to check-in. There were a number of check-in staff, in purple, with a supervisor behind trying to get people through as quickly as possible. Don't expect any polite chat, as you give your name and they try and get you checked in and out of reception. Then I found my cabin. Some reviews mentioned that the single rooms were small, but I wasn't quite expecting…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed,"Rather dated now in its interior decoration and standard of rooms. No air con in mine, just a fan and a window that opened only slightly but then  traffic noise was too loud to sleep. Location is excellent for Tottenham Court Rd and the east end of Oxford Street. Breakfast was very average and an extra £10 on my room rate. Views from the windows are odd due to the shape of the building.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location......with Gym access,"Reviews are all down to expectations. Remember this is a reasonably priced hotel in the middle of London! The NOT so good. This is a big hotel and it is busy. However, it only has 4 lifts that actually carry around 6 people. You can only summon 1 lift at a time even if the queue is 12 people (and it often is). People often say the lifts are slow and this means you have to wait a long time for a lift. I was often 10mins late meeting fellow travelers and this was always down to the lifts and forgetting how slow they were. I'm sure some of you are say.....""Well use the stairs"" and in truth I often did but the stairs are really just fire access and are only 1 person wide so not passing. The lifts often have people who are bored waiting for the lift and you can only move at the pace…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One Saturday Night.....,"This was the cheapest hotel I could find in central London for a one night stay in May. The rooms are very small but you need little else if it's just somewhere to rest your head!   The hotel allowed me an early check-in which was great as it allowed a trip to the local shops and eateries without the need to lug an overnight bag with me. Obviously a very busy hotel for coach trips and the like - probably because of the low price - it was a quiet stay. This only caused an issue at breakfast when there was a queue for the restaurant to get to the breakfast, but it was a quick turnaround regardless.   The shower in very much a space saver as it had the wash hand basin located within the cubicle(!) but, again, as this was half the price of other hotels nearby, it wasn't too much of…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotel in central London - value for the Money,"This is the hotel if you want a hotel in central London. Walking distance to Oxford road, Leicester Square and much Moore. Value fot the Money and always fresh & clean. Nice staff that helps you with you whatever you want.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good and bad,"Stayed here for a second time, this time in a double room. For London, this is a nice hotel which anywhere else would probably be regarded as below average. The rooms are fine, rather brown, but adequate with a tiny bathroom. The hotel is divided into ""wings"" and depending which side you get will dictate the level of noise. No air conditioning so the windows do open at the risk of traffic noise or smells from a kitchen like I had last time. On both visits I experienced quite a bit of noise from other guests. This hotel seems popular with foreign students who can be quite boisterous. Both the concierge and reception staff are wonderful. Really helpful and pleasant.  What lets this hotel down the most is the food. The restaurant is only open Mon-Fri. In any event, I wouldn't…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Extremely well located, for a very reasonable price - but you get what you pay!","I went to the St Giles London for a business trip. It is conveniently located within the city center, a few meters from the British Museum, not far away from the nearest tube station, and at a comfortable walking distance from the London Eye (20 minutes).  I booked a single room, which was definitely small, but comfortable. The room was clean, but the wall are thin. I got lucky since my neighbours seemed to be rather calm. The window could have used some kind of thicker draping, in order to block the morning sun, but otherwise no other complaint. (well maybe the wifi access could be free...right now it is 5£ for 24 hours.  Price is excellent for the location, and I wouldn't mind coming back (as long as I just have to sleep in the room).",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only adequate,"We received a prompt, efficient and friendly welcome at his hotel which is well placed both for theatres and shopping. Our room was clean but small and would not be large enough if you had more than overnight luggage. There was a bed side light on one side of the bed. The bathroom was small and had only one bath towel. Breakfast was standard buffet.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Slightly outdated but comfortable,I stayed here for one night. This hotel is located very conveniently in the center of London. Easy access through public transport. The interior and rooms look slightly outdated but everything is clean and comfortable. Slept like a charm.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stayed here to attend a gig at the 100 Club,"Easy to find. Quick check in. Excellent facilities, Bars, Food etc. Twin Room was more than I expected for the price. Good size room & Bathroom. Clean. Great Bars around the area, all within walking distance including the 100 Club.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girls break,"Very close to everything needed, train station,shops,restaurants and trafalagar square. Covent gardens very close would recommend hop on hop of bus. Hotel very comfortable breakfast lovely will return to this hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another visit,"Had another short break in London to go to a couple of concerts so I thought I'd book here again as it's convenient for virtually everything! This time I booked a double room with the separate sitting area, thinking it would give a little more space as it was for a couple of nights. I think it was a good idea! The bedroom was very just big enough for the bed but the sitting room was ideal to put bags and bits in, spreading out which other rooms don't really allow for. I think I may well book this sort of room again if the price is right. The only complaint really is that the WiFi isn't free!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Presentation at St James Palace,"I found the hotel to be of excellent quality, the service was excellent and the hotel itself was central to the whole of London meeting all the requirements that we needed for our stay. Being in London for a tresentation and staying on for a few extra days the hotel provided us with a sound base to explore the rest of London.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ideal Central Location, value for money","Hotel on Tottenham Court Rd is 1 minute from Underground and easy walking distance to infinite choice of eateries, bars and sites of cultural and historic interest. Staff are courteous and efficient and baggage can be left securely 'til check in time. Rooms are adequate if small but very clean. The decor is somewhat dated but it is well-maintained. It's a super value base for exploring London. On the down side, the lifts can be frustratingly slow to arrive  but this was not an issue for us on our visit as we were able to take the stairs. Also there is a charge to use wifi and computer terminals. If your mission is to get out and about and not to spend a lot of time in the hotel, it is an ideal place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,long weekend,"we visited this hotel for 5 days . the hotel best thing is the location which is great !!! in the center of London , close to all nice places , shopping ( Primark is located next to the hotel ) transportation from all kinds , pubs and restaurants . the stuff all over  the hotel were helpful ,professional and very kind  . the problem is that this is old hotel and the rooms are very tiny , the bed is small size , there was no free internet-which is a must this days ,(but there is a  nice coffee place in the hotel street corner  which supply good  food and free WIFI ) The hotel worth the little  amount of money  we paid.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic central location at reasonable prices,"Just stayed here for the second time and the experience was even better. The advance rate is incomparable for this quality of accommodation in this location: Oxford Street, Soho, Covent Garden - the whole of the West End is within easy walking distance and now Tottenham Court Road Tube has reopened it is easy to get to. DON'T leave your cumbersome key at reception when you pop out - the queues could be enormous when you pop back!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay for a London theatre trip,"As a party of 5 couples we booked 5 double rooms for a Friday night. All were comfortable, clean and with good quality beds. The showers were hot and everyone was well pleased with the hotel. We didn't use the restaurant or other hotel facilities so cannot comment on these. This is our second stay at this hotel and we will use it again as it is very conveniently located for the West End.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Central Hotel,"This hotel is very central as Oxford Street is just round the corner. Tottenham Court Road Tube Station and the Dominium Theatre are practically on the doorstep. Plenty of fast food outlets, restaurants and lovely bars close by.  The bar in St. Giles and the VQ Restaurant were both really good.  Rooms are small and need a bit of modernisation, but they are clean and the beds are very comfy.  Staff were all very helpful.  Breakfast was Very busy and choices a bit limited.  If you are looking For a central London hotel that doesn't cost a fortune then I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Central Hotel for local areas,"Stayed with Wife for a visit to Lion King , well priced comfortable room , building site opposite but they seem to start at 8 and fin at 8ish not that its a problem as you are out of Hotel most of day .Good array of Restarants only moan is lifts 4 of them seems good but one button works for all so you wait for one and then find a bloody ignorant Spanish or some other tourist gets in another so u have to wait all over again ! Other than that pretty good stay will be back again .",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy Location,"This was our 3rd time of staying at this hotel  as it is a very handy location for the theatres in the west end , Trafalgar Square , Oxford Street etc all within walking distance at a reasonable price . The rooms are however quite small  and only had a small shower but  are clean, ok if only staying one or 2 nights . A full carvery breakfast was included in the price of our stay , cereals , fruits , juices , cooked breakfast and toast plus hot drinks . There are also a couple of restaurants one which is open 24 hours a day . There is a lift to all floors but you usually have to wait quite a while so easier and quicker to walk the stairs if you're able and only on one of the lower floors. There is a Concierge desk at the front of the hotel and have found the staff very friendly…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend treat,"Took my Mum here for Mother's Day treat, plus afternoon tea in London. We stayed here for bed and breakfast which is great value for money lovely staff very comfy rooms, stayed here three times now would highly recommend.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy!!,The hotel has a god location and OK price. But that is it!!! The shower is awful! No power on the water. DID not Get the shampo out!!! IT was really noisy!!! From outside!! Even when the Windows were closed we could not sleep!! IT was horrible! When we tried to close the window IT GOT to hot! Construction work and all the cars from outside made our nights awake! ,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We should have been warned about the noise in the area,"Badly sold on this hotel..  I've stayed in London more than I've had hot dinners, but never was i so stressed to have to put up with a closed window due to construction noise just opposite my bedroom.  The temperature ran into the 20's and the only respite was a small fan.. come on.. a fan in the 21st century.  No aircon, and no opportunity for fresh air due to noise.  Location is very good, but getting a nights sleep was impossible",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,GREAT TIME!!!!!!,"My mom and I spent an evening at the St. Giles London even though the room was small as expected it was clean and fit our needs perfectly. We had dinner at the Sage and Chilli restaurant. Service was great I had a Malaysian dish Nasi Lemak that was awesome. Aora was delightful during check-in and check-out. The concierge assisted me in finding a smoke shop so I could buy a pipe for my dad. Breakfast and VQ Cafe was amazing I have an authentic English breakfast quite filling. The location is great for shopping just what this New York needed.  A Great time, looking forward to my return.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat to London,Hotel was lovely and so were the staff very helpful Hotel room was noisy due to the double glazing not being very good the traffic outside was very busy Good location on what we had planned and would definitely stay there again but would ask to be put in a quieter room,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok ,"Double room was quite small even though we paid extra but even though there were building works all around, it was lovely and quiet, housekeeping were really lovely, only 2 minor complaints were that i couldn't check in early as my friend couldn't pay for the room online but after about half an hour of waiting he managed to pay and i could check in. My issue with the bar was that they didn't hide their drinking alcohol, they made shot cocktails and drank them openly, a sackable offence where i work ... but other than that a clean hotel which was central to our needs ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great City Centre Hotel,"I've been staying at the hotel for over 10 years everytime I visit London for a holiday or work.  The location could not be any better, great for using the tube and within few streets of the British Museum, Oxford Street and Theatreland.  The hotel is bright and modern, with all the essentials. On this visit I was upgraded to an executive suite which seemed recently refurbished. The room was comfortable and the bathroom was very well equiped.  The breakfast offering was very good with a nice selection of options. I had the cheese and ham omelette.  It is well worth staying at the hotel if your looking for a great central location at a reasonable price. I look forward to     returning in near future.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City Break,"Small room, insufficient space. Worn decor. Blocked sink which was attended to promptly. Otherwise, ideal central location. Several excellent restaurants close by. Close enough to walk to British Museum, National Portrait Gallery, Trafalgar Square and other attractions. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but very noisy ,"Stayed in a single room on a bed and breakfast basis. The room was small. Functional and clean but a bit old fashioned. The bathroom was tiny. It was very noisy through the night, probably related to the development of Tottenham Court Road tube station so I didn't get a great nights sleep. The breakfast was buffet style and had a reasonable choice but it felt like a ymca rather than a hotel. Good central location but there are plenty of other options which I'd select instead in the future  ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"The hotel is a perfect and affordable stay in the 'West End'.  The rooms are on the small side but clean and well appointed.  I would recommend upgrading to an executive room for a bit more space, a view, and AC.  One thing to mention is that the elevators are a flight of stairs up from the ground floor entrance.  There is a wheelchair lift.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,works for me,"I like the snugness of the wooden panel walls, although in a single room  the door to the room and bath are less wide than a normal door. The gym and swimming pool next door is a bonus { Buy a £5 token in the hotel lobby) However the gym manager was less helpful and curt when I asked for a locker token. I had left my purse upstairs. Remember to take an extra £ coin (returnable )  with you.  The gym is not run by the hotel. In contrast guests are treated like royalty, quite an achievement with  such a high volume of visitors passing through every day.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK,"OK but not great. You get what you pay for and this is a high volume Budget hotel but in a great position, especially for the British museum which is just round the corner. The chilli restraunt on site has very good pasta and very reasonable priced. Rooms are small a basic but good value. It's does what it says on the tin",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Was a bit disappointed with this hotel. When I entered the hotel I thought this looks lovely, nice marble stairs and a large clean,modern check in area. When we got to our room that's when the disappointment set in, the room was small and outdated and the view was building works which was noisey. The shower/toilet room was also small and had a faulty door and toilet seat. Next was the breakfast, cooked breakfast very basic, no fried eggs or mushrooms and the seating area again was very outdated. My partner was annoyed that there was no free wifi. I usually stay at a 4 or 5 star hotel, so really noticed the diffence staying at this 3*. Just proves you get what you pay for !!",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would not recommend,"Stayed one night: so glad only one night! Positive points: bathroom clean, shower good, cleaners friendly. Room noisy, dark, smelt of 'feet'. Pillow smelt sweaty. I asked for pillowcase to be changed but it smelt the same so I slept with towel around it. Carpet highly stained and felt gritty underfoot. Why do UK hotels always have carpets? Building work going on so very noisy and seemed to go all night. Room very basic like a hostel. Lifts not functioning properly so had to go downstairs with case. Hotel kept insisting we hadn't paid for breakfast when I had a print out from travel agent showing we had. Went next door to lovely cafe for breakfast in the end.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Functional,"This is a functional and sufficient hotel.  The location can't be faulted for central London.  Can walk to theatre land, Covent Garden, Oxford street etc.  Rooms are basic and can be noisy depending upon which floor you are on, but it is London so you expect some noise.  Breakfast was a free for all and chaotic.  I though it was expensive for what it provided,  however, for a one night only stay near to the theatre it met the brief",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"We very much enjoyed staying at St Giles. It was close to tubes, cafes, eateries and we onlyvhad to walk 5 minutes to the theatre to watch motown. Rooms a bit small and dated but we were only there to sleep. Friendly reception especially at the concierge desk.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"One night stay coinciding with theatre trip to see the Motown story at the Shaftesbury. Opted for this hotel due to location and price. Previous reviews helpful. Staff helpful and friendly. Hotel has three restaurants but decided to venture out to dine as there is a large choice locally. Centrally located, close to Tottenham Court tube station and shops.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay in London,This hotel is in an excellent location. Very central to all attractions. The rooms are small and a bit dated but has good amenities. Service is good and staff are very accommodating. Check in and check out was quick. The drinks in the bar were good. I would definitely stay here again  ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Functional and busy,Very busy hotel which was very functional ; handy location for Tottenham Court Road station which is a building site at present with CrossRail ; breakfast was waitress service and brisk ; clean room and pleasant bathroom .,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Met the expectations,"I usually choose smaller hotels, but cause of the well known high prices of the city we had to settle to one that would work with our budget. We actually ended up not regreting our decision, the hotel was in great conditions, the room, eventhough small met all of our expectations and cleanning service was great. Stayed there for 3 nights and I would definitelly choose it again if I get to go back. Subway just 2 blocks away (Tottenham court road Station) and Salsbury supermarket just around the corner! Coffee and tea with kettle in the room!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny, noisy, expensive room.","To start off on a positive note, the staff was extremely forthcoming and friendly. On the other hand, paying in excess of £220 for a tiny room with an extremely uncomfortable bed, with no WiFi and a window opening to a noisy street seems a little bit on the steep side.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Hidden Gem,"The 3* hotel is about 5oom from Tottenham Court Road Station, off on a side road. larger than thought, with the friendliest staff you could ever meet, from the doorman/concierge to the receptionist, to the waitresses and the maids.  There were 4 lifts to take you to your rooms. The rooms were rather on the small side but contained all the usual facilities you would expect,safe, tv,kettle etc. The bathroom was very compact,but how big a space do you need to take a shower? The beds were very comfortable and extra pillows and blankets were stored away should they be needed. We were given a book of vouchers for use within the hotel complex: meals at the Sage & Chilli restaurant at special rates or a % off, use of the inhouse Casino and also a reduced rate at the YMCA gym and Spa…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Deluxe room, not really anything like deluxe","I suppose for booking with Booking.com and getting a room for two nights at £250 it might be said that we got what we paid for. I don't think it was a good room. It was extremely noisy, a very tiny shower room, couldn't open windows without extremely loud street noise until 4am in the morning. The room had a fan, needed that, there was a very old air con unit that rattled endlessly when turned on. The actual sleeping area was like a very smal caravan, no room to turn around. The lifts were extremely busy and could never get a lift down, wasn't really a problem as we were in room 101 on first floor.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mini rooms and mini doorways,"A stamp, that is the size of the room, adequate but no more! The door was so narrow that I had to fold my Walker to get it through. There was a small open lift inside the doors at the concierge desk that I could take up and down to the reception area. But it was slow and cumbersome.  To get to the breakfast room I had to call the concierge who took me up to the first floor in the elevator, there we had to transfer to the staff elevator and ended up in the kitchen and so we could get through to the breakfast room. We did this awkward trip once, then I decided on struggling up the stairs from the reception to the breakfast by pulling myself up holding on the handrail and using my cane!  Horrible experience!",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central location, affordable, service could be better","Our group of five adults stayed at St Giles April 21 to 25. One single and two double rooms. We did not get rooms next to each other: one on 2nd, one on 5th and one on 12th floor. There was also some problems with the check-in as the rooms were not ready at 8 pm in the evening. We had informed the hotel about our late check-in, and still had to wait ca. one hour for the rooms to be ready.  The double rooms were ok, a small bedroom with an adjacent other room with a desk and a small sofa. The shower remained full of water after showering, and the tap was a bit funny, I managed to get warm water only on the departure day.  The location is excellent with Tottenham Court road underground station and Oxford Street just a block away. There are a lot of buildings under construction all…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"""Great location but needs updating"" Large and inpersonal.","Stayed at the St Giles hotel for the weekend in order to watch a show, it is in a great location with easy access to Oxford St and the West End however, alough the hotel provides a wide variety of extras, Cassino, swimming pool and gym, and several resturants, we found it very inpersonal and in need of updating. This was most evident at breakfast where we had to queue for at least 15mins and then experienced a canteen environment where you helped yourself, the tables were not laid, and the food only warm, we were very dissapointed.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If you like filthy cramped places with below average service this is your place,"Our room is tiny! It has snot/boggies on the wall and there isn't enough room for both our suit cases! The people at reception have ""better things to do"" than serve people and their attitude is horrid. They charge $5 day for wifi ($10 aus) and only give us 1 key for our room. We would of been better off going to the backpackers.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good service but small room.,"At £119 for room only in the city it was not a bad price, but the room & en suite were almost claustrophobic in size. Current massive construction works in the surrounding area are also going on through the night so did not get the rest we'd hoped for.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic find,"My 8yr old and I stayed here for 2 night's as we were going to see Matilda and wanted to catch some sights. Our stay was fab from beginning to end. Super quick check in with a very friendly receptionist. We were in room 502. It had its own little sitting area with a fridge and a safe!! Bed was comfy and we didnt care if it was a small room as we were only sleeping there. Highly recommend this hotel right in the heart of everything. We walked across the road in the mornings to Sainsbury's and bought fruit and croissants for breakfast. Upon check out we had a very late flight and the concierge  kept our bags free of charge for the whole day!! Lovely hotel, will def return! ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but it's a bit worn out,This hotel seems to be really popular and I'm not surprised when I compare price to location. First impression was old and worn out but after staying there a couple of nights I liked it and will probably stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Standards Please?!?!,"St Giles hotel is situated in a great location with easy access to Oxford Street, Underground, West End Theaters etc...  However as a hotel St Giles is in urgent need for a refurbishment and staff training. The Front of House staff I encountered were miserable, smiling or greeting customers was certainly not an option.  The housekeeping service was extremely poor, they seemed to struggle with the simplest task of doing the beds up. On one occasion I found 2 members of the house Keeping staff sat on the corridor eating what seemed to be their pack lunches.  The room I had was tiny with little space to move. I will definitely be in no rush to return.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but tiny rooms,"Excellent location, ideal for shops, theatres, bars, restaurants, public transport and attractions, but the rooms are VERY small, and the bathroom was ridiculously small, where you had to climb over the toilet to get in or out of the shower, and then you had to dry yourself in the room, as there wasn't enough room in the bathroom. Our room wasn't ready at check in time, so they 'upgraded' us to a family room but it was split into 2 rooms and both were tiny.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommend!!!!!!!,"Location, rooms, facilities, cleanliness, staff are all fantastic. Stayed here 4 times over the years, it's been refurbed since my last visit, so even better now. Absolutely perfect for short city break.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Spot for West End,We were struggling to find a place to stay a decent price so we could be close to theatre land. We were to see Motown the Musical and a lot of hotels were nearly £200 a night but this hotel was a deal at £129 all in but not breakfast. Situated 2 minutes from Tottenham court road tube station the hotel is perfect for Covent Garden etc.  Only a 5 minute walk from Shaftesbury Theatre. The room are nicely sized with a separate living area and good sized bathroom. We had twin room 166 at the back of the hotel so was a little quieter than the front aspect. The beds were very comfy and the whole place was very clean. A great stay and would use again. There are two bars/restaurants and the VQ does late night food should you get the munchies! It also does a great breakfast with 25% off…,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Quick city trip,"Upon arrival it took a couple of minutes since the computers weren't cooperative, but we had the luck to be able to get to our room before the check-in time (14:00). While we booked an executive room we found out that the window couldn't close entirely anymore and that the heater broke down, one quick word with the concierge and we had an electric heater within the hour.  The wifi is not free, but we had complimentary beverages in the mini bar. The breakfast that was included was located in the VQ restaurant. While the choices weren't ample, it was more than satisfying and the service was very friendly.  The location is great though I wouldn't book any time soon since there are lots of construction works around the hotel. (End of April 2016)",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay - central location,"Main advice - check in on-line.  We arrived to see the concierge, was given an envelope with our key and then straight up to our room - piece of cake. The room we booked was great, we had paid a little bit extra and took the executive suite, main room, additional dining area and large bathroom (including TV's in each room). Breakfast was in the VQ restaurant and a good choice was given with the omelettes being an excellent choice. Service from all staff was first class and checkout was almost as easy as check in. Location of this hotel is second to none.  Easy access to Oxford Street, Soho, Leicester Square, Piccadilly, Covent Garden......  Only bad side were: 1) no free wi-fi - this should be standard now 2) lifts get busy  Would use again",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"While the decor is very tired, the rooms were clean and comfortable. There was no noise at night, and although the hotel was very busy, the cooked breakfast was well cooked and plentiful. If you're looking for a hotel with an excellent location at a reasonable price, this is the place to go.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here ,"We had booked into st giles hotel London for 2 nights.  On arrival at 10 pm the receptionist took ages to check us in (just 2 couples) . Also she chewed gum throughout this procedure.  What a shock when we walked into our rooms.  There was a fusty smell, double room???? No way.  It was barely big enough for 1 person.  Duvet cover had stains on it so clearly not washed.  Carpets very grubby.  As for the bathroom, we had to reverse in to fit in! Crazy.  We asked to be moved but they had nothing available . Because it was late at night we cancelled our 2nd night and booked another hotel instead.  Breakfast next morning was a joke, canteen style, grab a chair if you could, find a corner to sit beside anyone! Food was edible.  Thanks to booking.com for assistance in getting refund…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely rooms, in the centre of Theatre Land...","I should firstly say that alought my room was lovely, I did get upgraded as my shower had no hot water in my initial room - but what a room it was, with a black marble tiled shower, it really was a very special room. I was also upgraded on my breakfast option, which was very much appreciated. This hotel is in the very heart of theatre land, and therefore in a perfect location for that sort of stay, and I thought that there would be quite a lot of noise from outside in my room, but I'm pleased to say that there wasn't. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"As we were going to the theatre, we decided to stop here for one night, an internet booking which included breakfast. The hotel is easy walking distance from Oxford St & Regents St, both are just a few yards away. The Aldwych Theatre was a 15 minute walk, perfect for us. We were upgraded to an 'Executive' room which was quite small, but had a mini fridge with complimentary water, a free safe, bathrobes & the usual tea & coffee. The view from our room was a construction site, which didn't bother us as we weren't in the room for long. Once the windows were closed, you couldn't hear any noise. The bar is welcoming & busy. A pint of lager & a glass of wine was £10.50. Breakfast was a good quality with real crispy bacon & delicious sausages.  This hotel is perfect if you want to…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Solo visit,"Had quiet room on 3rd floor.  Usual size for city hotel, small but adequate.  Bed was comfy and extra pillow & blanket available.  Hot radiator on all night.  Tea/coffee facility.  Shower gel/soap only in bathroom, no shampoo.  Nice food in restaurants,  made use of discount vouchers given on arrival.  Good location for sight seeing.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rubbish,People should fell safe in there bed and not have hotel staff trying to wake them up because they have double booked the room.  Never stay there and if you do put the chain on your door or except that the staff will came in to your room late at night when your naked.,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,GOING DOWNHILL,"This was my fourth visit to the hotel, and there had been nearly a 12 month gap between the last visit and this one.  Perhaps the large gap is why I could see so many things going down hill. The good This place is not the Ritz, but we didn't pay Ritz prices, so you should be realistic. Location is excellent, you can walk to the theatre, shopping, British museum and many many places. To eat. Powerful shower, with plenty of hot water The windows open if you like fresh air, but of course it's central location can make it noisy. You can buy earplugs at Boots just opposite. Really good hairdryer, together with tea and coffee facilities.  The bad Bed linen had a hole in it which was reported twice, and not replaced Under the bed was really not clean at all Single beds are really out…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No free wifi ,Stayed for work. Room was bigger than expected  but bed was small. The bed although a double is short if you are a taller person.  Breakfast was ok but felt a bit like a school canteen. When we arrived there were queues for the lifts but a member of staff was organising people to make best use. Sound insulation could be better as I found the room noisy at night. No free wifi - really in this day and age please sort this out.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break with my daughter,I had seen a few negative reviews about room size and noise at the hotel but we had no issue with either. The room was a good price in a great location for the theater and sight seeing. Staff were polite and helpfull check in and out was quick and efficient. We had a twin room which was clean with comfortable beds and plenty of room for two. The shower had good presure and remained hot even early morning. Our room was on the fifth floor and building work was happening close to the hotel which wasnt that bad with the window closed. The hotel its self was not noisy. I would recomend this hotel to others and use again for future visits ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonable rate but don't expect too much. No free wi-fi!,"Great location and steps from Tottenham Court Road tube (underground/ metro/ subway) station, and within a 15-min walk to several others: Oxford Circus, Russell Square, Holborn and Leicester Square stations. It's also within an easy 15-min walk to the British Museum. Right across from the hotel is a Sainsbury's (supermarket), Boots (chemist/ pharmacy) and an EE (mobile/ cell phone and internet provider, part of the BT Group). Restaurants, banks and shopping are plentiful in the neighbourhood.  Hotel staff is friendly and very helpful. The hotel guests are from all over: other parts of the UK, Holland, Scandinavia, Germany, France, rest of Continental Europe and the Americas.  The hotel itself is a bit run-down... the lifts/ elevators are over-worked and wait time can be a bit…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,definately not for light sleeper's!,arrived after a busy day of travel and work - reception was bedlam with a group of OAP's getting there travel plans and wake up calls of a 4:15am start next day... check in slow as having problems with card readers - eventually got room key no directions just on you go - so up down across and back to eventually to claim a small disappointing room with small twin beds (none of our group had a double) no curtains on the window just a sort of venetian blind that didn't really close. Shower room was tiny but adequate with fresh towels and floor mat. On return from dinner out I couldn't get my room key refused to open the door so another trip to reception and the nigh manager putting a new battery in the card reader really?? Overnight the noise from within the hotel and road noise…,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
2555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Came to London on a tour with a group and spent two nights here. Although the rooms are small, they are more than adequate. What stands out is the good food in the restaurant and above all the kindness, patience, and efficiency of the staff. Very friendly place",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A gem of a place to stay - our second stay,"This was our second stay for a theatre break weekend. As eveyone says it is a great location. We took the option of an upgrade via booking.com for a deluxe room which included breakfast, a larger room and complimentary toiletries/bathrobe/fridge. The room was large, spotless and great view. Reception staff were all friendly and helpful despite how busy it was. The concierge service was excellent.  We eat in the 24hr restaurant and the spicy and chilly restaurant - great pizza deal. Breakfast was great with a menu choice and the food was excellent. Again all staff friendly and helpful. What is not to like about the hotel. We will be back.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a good hotel for business stays,"I stay in quite a few hotels in London/Birmingham, usually for business, and this was the worst I have stayed in. I didnt feel safe in this hotel, simple things like the deadlock didnt work, and no additional chain.  The room was tiny, bed not that comfortable, and no air con.  Wifi was not free!! (c'mon St Giles...get with it!!  this is a basic need!) , my shower was not hot, despite hot water running to the sink. There was no room iron, you had to use an 'ironing room'  The hotel has a distinct Hostel feel to it, I gave it two stars as it was clean.  The towels were really small! maybe would suit a child!  No shampoo in the shower (only handgel) The atmosphere may be been due to the hotel being attached to a Grosvenor Casino, which looked a bit skanky tbh!  A first and a last!",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Hotel ok, but a few let downs....","The hotel is basically good.  The restaurant staff were very friendly, the food was good enough, the consiage staff also helpful. The restaurant 'attached' to the hotel was also good, nice chilled atmosphere and friendly bar staff. However, on check in, the girl who checked us in was incredibly rude! She spoke with a foreign accent, had very long dark brown hair. On moving to the desk, she was not at all welcoming, her first words were 'can you move back I am busy at the moment, and I haven't told you to come over yet' no welcome whatso ever! What an awful way to be greeted after hours of travel, and no apology made. Her general attitude continued until she moved our party of four onto another receptionist to check us in. Another let down was that the hotel advertised 'porridge…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mmh not too good .,I have to say that the only good thing that I'd come back to this hotel is the location.    It's noise you especially if your room is on the 4th floor near the lifts that ting too loud when the doors open.    Think the worst bit is room cleanliness.  See photo.  Window hasn't been cleaned for quite some time. See the difference with a finger wipe.    Nah doubt I'd be back.   ,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location.,"Stayed for one night,23rd April, Rooms a little on the small side.Great location.Lovely breakfast,which they served from 5am till 11am because of the marathon.Friendly,helpfull staff. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value City centre hotel,"We upgraded to a premium room for only an extra £20, so glad we did as the standard room would have been really small, the hotel is in an excellent location for The Dominion Theatre where we saw War of The Worlds, hotel is clean and the staff friendly, despite being very near to Tottenham Court Road it was very quiet, although I suspect being on floor 6 helped, would stay here again",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Do you only get what you pay for?,"I have yet to experience the service of this hotel, but feel compelled to address an ongoing gripe with hotels, especially in Western cities.  In travels to African cities you check in and ask for wifi access and you are given a password - no problem.  Sometimes the connectivity is not great.  Sometimes it is excellent.  Generally it is not enough to stream Netflix (In fact I have never come across this!) but it is a constant and usually available.  Always (in my experience) its free.    Why is it when you check in to a place like this and ask for wifi access, there is a charge?  When will hotels realize in the 21st century wifi is as much a necessity as electricity and water.  They don't charge you extra to brush your teeth, or to charge your phone, so why to check your email? …",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dirty Toilet,"Visited the St Giles with my Husband. The room allocated was very small but OK for our weekend needs.  On closer inspection, the bathroom had not been cleaned properly - there was poo around the inside of the toilet bowl and a 'skid mark' on the toilet seat. We complained to reception and were immediately moved to an ' executive' room on the 7th floor. This room was slighter bigger and had been cleaned. Breakfast was very nice and the staff were friendly.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Theatre Visits,"Very close to the theatre land in London . Reception was quick and efficient. We were on the 2nd floor street side. Noisy when window open but quite once closed Bed was very comfortable but room extremely small , not a problem as we were only sleeping . as out most of time .  Room very clean  Lifts to rooms were very crowded as many large groups staying and we at one point had to wait quite a while to get in a lift.  We stayed in  room 258 which i think must be one of the oldest in the hotel and is a fair way to walk when getting out from lift. On the whole we would book again but just for one night.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to the pulse,"Stayed for 2 nights. Even though I was in London for business I managed to ""do London"" because St Giles was nearby. Close to shopping streets (Regent Street, and more) Close to Picadelly Circus, SOHO, and a lot more. Nearby subway station and close to both Paddington and Euston Stations. Rooms held acceptable standard and Met all my expectations.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient hotel for theatre land.,"Have stayed here twice. Very convenient when going to theatre or Trafalgar Square. Hotel staff extremely helpful and polite. Room small and basic but clean and had everything we needed. Good choice at breakfast. Time your breakfast carefully, there was a very big queue when we went around 9.15.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel very close to Tottenham Court Road Underground station,"This is the 3rd time we stayed at St. Giles Hotel, Bedford Ave, London - pretty close to the centre of London! Large hotel, but you don't feel like being in a large hotel. Good breakfast buffet. But there is a serpent in the Garden of Eden - the internet prices are horrifying: £1 for 20 minutes or £5 for 24 hours. But if you can do without internet access it is absolutely recommendable.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central but run down,Reception was good. Room was very old. Poorly decorated and horrible carpet on the floor. The bathroom was small and not clean. The location was great but noisy even with windows closed. I would not stay here again.,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not for high-standard people,"The hotel was okey. Had to wait a really long time for the elevator. Luckily we got a room on the first floor, so we always ended up taking the stairs. The bathroom door wouldn't close. And the rooms were not sound proof. We could hear everything from the hallway. We paid about 200 pounds for two nights. I think that is a little expensive for that standard. On the other hand it has a great location. Right next to Oxford street. And internet were only 5 pounds for 24 hours. In addition, the employees there were really friendly and kind. A good hotel if you are not picky :)",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,WONDERFUL,Again a wonderful stay. Fantastic facilities. So convenient for travel around the capital. The gym and pool are a real bonus snd the tube is on the doorstep. Very cleanb comfortable rooms.Will always stay here. Highly recommended,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wedding Anniversary,Chosen for location near the Dominion Theatre and Parking facility beneath hotel. Room basic and no hot water at all. Beatiful reception area and helpful staff but had to wait to book in even though we told them in advance we were on a tight schedule and would need to book in early.  When we complained the maintenance staff were not on duty as it was a bank holiday. Plus hotel restaurant closed for weekend. Only one radiator working so pretty chilly for March. Room not cleaned very well.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb Location! ,"We took a family city break to London in April 2016.   You couldn't get a more convenient location to stay for the price!   Hotel was clean and the staff were exceptionally friendly.  Casino attached to the hotel was an added bonus too!   Breakfast was included and there were a variety of options...ham, cheese, rolls, yoghurt, cereal, fruit juices, hot drinks and a hot buffet for a traditional English breakfast. I would avoid the sausages though as they resembled cat food but that was the only downside.  Definitely would recommend this hotel and hopefully will be visiting again this year! ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A flash entry but not impressive after that if you're a solo average traveller,"i wasn't impressed by my room at all. I found it cold, my single bed slightly hard. There was no extra pillow and the one I had was flat. I had two teabags only and the room was tiny but adequate. I could smell cigarettes the entire time, and had constant door banging throughout the night. I could also hear snoring. Compared to other places I've stayed this did not compare at all other than its location which I found very convenient.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central located hotell,The purpose of our visit was to see a show and shopping and this hotel was brilliant located. It was within walking distance from / t h e shaftesbury theatre 0.209 and around the corner of Oxford street so no taxis or under ground bbc needed for our three night stay. The hotel itself is quite big but quite old inside but clean. It offered 24 he service for eating and drinking. Breakfast dining room quite old and breakfast nothing to write home about.  Have given  4 stars for location but everything else two to three stars.  It did what we wanted for a very reasonable price,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Funny Girl,"Arrived mid afternoon had a nice platter for two with a couple of drinks before the show. Bedroom was good but couldn't switch bathroom light off, nice breakfast,  mid range hotel with good amenities, staff were helpful, didn't try the attached casino",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This hotel is at the top of Tottenham Court Road so you can't really get much closer to the action. Soho on your doorstep and theatre land less than 10 minutes walk. The hotel itself was very clean, comfortable bed and generally in a good state of repair. The room was very small but adequate for our one night stay. Check in was a bit haphazard, the lady checking us in was trying to help 3 of us at once, which granted was admirable but doing one thing at a time might have worked better. No mention of whether breakfast was included (it wasn't on our booking) but no mention of the breakfast service or the details of it at all. It was just a like a conveyer belt service. No mention of any services or facilities either such as Wi-Fi, a bar, a restaurant etc...Taking a little extra…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,02.30 am FIRE ALARM PANIC,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel on Friday 22/4/16 at around 02.30 on the morning of the 23rd the fire alarm sounded and the hotel evacuated. Everyone in the hotel were stood in the street in night clothes , small children crying and frightened ( a number of adults too ) It turned out that it was a false alarm but the problem was the lack of any direction or information from the staff , who to be fair were as startled as the guests . After eventually getting back to our room under our own steam , rest was impossible for the next hour due to the number of people getting back to their rooms and the pinging of the lift every minute or so . The biggest disappointment though was on check out , no explanation was offered by the receptionist and on questioning  er she pointed me to…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,"I usually stay here when visiting London. The executive rooms are very good value for money. The hotel is clean, efficient and very central. Staff are friendly. The lifts struggle to cope at times, but give yourself a little time to get in and out and this is fine. Only drawback - no free wifi ( yet ).",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value,"Warm welcome friendly helpful staff room small but clean with all you could want,breakfast excellent ,perfect for a theatre break for a couple of retired ladies up from rural Norfolk to visit sights and the theatre ,Thankyou . Jose Robertson",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Concert trip,"Very disappointed with this hotel , although the location was good! Everything else was sub-standard, the staff couldn't care if you ask for an upgrade cause the room is virtually the same. There was no biscuits for a cup of tea or coffee and the normal instant rubbish with small cups.  Small towels , one pillow each very unsatisfactory  ",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonably priced hotel close to theatre land,"The St Giles is handily placed for the West End. Because it is close to Tottenham Court Road rather than Covent Garden/Leicester Square the prices are a bit lower. We only booked the room as we preferred to eat out. It was a little small but clean. The hotel was very busy and the lifts and reception were full much of the time. Overall it represented good value for a short stay in London, especially if visiting to see a show.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A lot better than we expected.,"We stayed at this hotel on the night of the 20th April 2016. We upgraded our original booking to an executive room after reading other reviews on the small size of the standard rooms and their lack of air conditioning.  We walked the 20 - 30 minutes from Kings Cross rail station, due to the amount of traffic congestion on both Euston Rd and Gower St, l think we got to the hotel quicker and of course cheaper than a taxi would have taken and charged.  We arrived at the hotel some 2 hours before the hotels designated check in time, we were expecting to have to leave our cases with the concierge, but we were pleased to find that a room was available. The check in assistant was very polite and asked if we would like a room with a bath or a shower, we chose the latter, we were…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Thing is the Locaton,"We had booked here as part of a rail/ hotel/ theatre package. The location is great for tube access and  West End theatres. I had read on some reviews that rooms were small but it didn't prepare me for just how small. Definitely the smallest double we have ever stayed in. Same can be said for the bathroom but it did have a great shower. The bedroom was really warm and stuffy and the small window in the bedroom could only partially open and also meant the noise levels were high. In fairness you have to expect noise in this sort of location. Our check in staff were efficient and friendly, as were the concierge staff. The breakfast choice, whilst quite extensive, was not of a great quality and the queues to get anything were rather oppressive. It was also quite difficult to get a…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Sorry bad review coming.  A smile and a good morning would have been nice when booking in.  Don't book room 176 as was so noisy, a constant loud sound was heard by both of us, and couldn't tell where it was coming from.  Booked the Breakfast but had a refund as there were know seats  and also ELEVEN PEOPLE + WERE IN LINE TO GET THERE FOOD. This was so bad.  Would I stay here again, NOOOOOOO.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Always use this hotel as it is so good,"We always use this hotel when we are in London as it is ideally located, clean, friendly and with everything we need. The breakfast is good and there is a bar with large comfy seats to relax in for that night cap! The concierge service always look after out bags on the last day so that we can get a few hours in playing tourist before heading home, excellent.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,This hotel is in  an excellent location and the room we were in had a bed and a seperate tv area which was good. the rooms are clean. The service at the main desk was very good and the Pizza place on the ground floor is good and very reasonably priced. The thing that today is becoming standard is free wifi in your room which at this hotel is still a a charge which is the only negative I could find.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms overcome by location and service,"The rooms and beds aren't the best, but everything is clean and the showers are hot.  WiFi is pricey.  The breakfast buffet is amazing.  You simply can't beat the locatio . And the friendly staff.  They were very accommodating for a special needs man traveling with me.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dolls house rooms,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night to celebrate my birthday in London with my husband , booked a double room never ever have I stayed in a hotel room so small  . Bed was meant to be a double but I would of said it was a smal double , bathroom really tiny , breakfast was not very nice wish I saved my money and went across the road to McDonald's for breakfast",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Large 3 star Hotel,"Car Parking £8 per night, WIFI not free.  A large hotel over ten levels, public area huge.  Reception tired but efficient.  Narrow corridors   above ground floor.  Rooms clean, linen clean but small, ironing board on request.  Dinning area huge with tables very close.  Evening meal very god with excellent services.  Breakfast was terrible with hordes  of  Asian tourists hovering up every thing in site, three coach loads.  Food not good",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,brilliant location,"Right near to tube station, short walk to theatres, not to far from Euston station, but away from noise of local traffic etc. (we were on the eleventh floor). Hotel rooms are quite small but fine for a short stay. Breakfast was fairly good, proper cooked breakfast or continental style, plates for hot breakfast were cold on our 1st morning there but ok for the following 2 days. Bar area was ok, in need of some TLC, prices for drinks were not too bad for a London hotel. I would use this hotel again if going to visit theatre, or local museums. Staff on reception were efficient, and friendly, not quite so friendly at bar, but they were busy.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"First time we've stayed so centrally and this hotel is located right beside the underground and minutes from Oxford street, so it's in a great situation and the doorman was nice that's the positives. Only had snacks in the bar area which were also very nice. Didn't feel we got too friendly a welcome, the room was very small and stuffy therefore the window had to be left open except we couldn't stand the noise from construction work right outside. Not the hotels fault I know and to be fair when we mentioned the noise on check out the receptionist did say if we had said they would have moved us but we're not ones to complain and bought earplugs instead ! Hotel could use a revamp and if you want to use the pool facilities there's an extra charge !",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shame about the hotel,"I found myself at this hotel as part of a show/hotel package so I read the reviews and made a point of adjusting my expectations accordingly.  Indeed the room was small (understandable), the decor dated (ignorable) and there was a lot of room for re-painting and general re-touching.  The location was perfect, the service excellent, the food at breakfast was top-notch.  However, this is where I need to add my experiences into the mix...  Two things immediately struck me when I found my room; the smell of stale feet and the ‘crusty’ mark on the bed sheet.  Housekeeping rectified the bed within ten minutes of me calling to complain and opening the window seemingly resolved the odour issue (although it later returned after shutting the window).  I suspect the smell was a direct…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"In this place you live right where the action is! Big hotell, nice staff, a bit worn down, but clean and ok. You live right in the center of things, and teatre and nightlife is at your doorstep. In the lower floor the noise from outside traffic might bother you a bit. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel,"The hotel is clean and the staff is polite, the breakfast is pretty nice. the best about this hotel is the location. The staff is very helpful and are willing to help you. I have now bin at this hotel twice and will probably go there again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Stayed here last week and I would definitely stay here again,  we booked a double room,  Yes the room was on the small side but still big enough for two,  there were extra pillows,  blankets and towels and the room and bedding were clean.   We went down to breakfast before 8am and it was relaxed,  plenty of good quality food and no pressure to leave the table as soon as we finished.   The lifts did seem to be busy all the time,  the hotel is very busy,  but we were on the first floor so it was easier to use the stairs.   The hotel is in an excellent location for all theatres and only a short walk to trafalgar square,  Westminster and Buckingham palace  to name but a few, tottenham court road tube station is over the road and Leicester square tube station 5 minutes walk away.…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"We recently stayed here as part of a theatre break, the cost included bed and breakfast, and the theatre tickets. It should be noted as well that there is an underground car park next door, that you can get a discount for if you get your car park ticket stamped at the hotel. For 24 hours it cost us £25 which I thought was good value for the centre of London. The hotel is basic, and the rooms small, but if you are only staying for one night it would not be a problem. The shower was very good and there is a free safe in the room. Bed was soft and there was tea and coffee in the room.  Don't leave it to late to get down to breakfast as a queue quickly forms. Breakfast is very good with a large selection ranging from full English buffet to continental, and plenty of seating. This…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value,"Stayed here for a midweek trip, booked predominantly as just wanted somewhere to stay in a good location which was not overly London price expensive as in essence it was only a place to get my head down. Ticked all the boxes required and would stay again, good location, clean room, close to the tube, etc, also has a nice bar area, breakfast was in adjoining restaurant, it was OK, maybe next time I would not pay for breakfast here and go elsewhere.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location excellent,"Staff are excellent as is the location for shopping, underground and theatres.  A popular hotel and busy.  Very clean however room extremely small/compact even for the price and wont book here again.  Didn't like the hand wash basin in the shower room - you need to be under size 14 to use shower!",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,VERY DISSAPPOINTING,"We had to wait 20min at check in because they could not find our booking...  We booked a deluxe double room we had the smallest room ever in London, it was even hard to enter the room... The room did not look like the picture at all ! A total scam!!  The bed was so small and uncomfortable, the room was either freezing cold or steaming hot, nothing in between !  The shades on the window were useless and we were woken up at 5 am every day. The walls were very thin as well, we could here everything that was happening outside (2nd floor) and in the corridor... You have to pay for everything; WIFI, FITNESS, POOL..     The only thing really good was the location: 2mins walking from tottenham court road station, and the bakery around the corner "" La pomme de pin"" which was great for…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money in a central location,"The hotel is a few steps away from Tottenham Court Road underground station which makes it highly convenient for the West End and the City as well as for Euston. It is a 60's style place with narrow corridors and basic decor; the sleeping area in our deluxe room was small but the bed comfy. A small sitting area with the storage facilities, desk, tea, fridge and hairdryer helped. The small shower/loo had no shaver point and I struggled to eventually borrow one rather than pay £5. An excellent breakfast is included.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St.Giles Again,"This hotel is for people who want to stay most of their time out of the hotel. Excellent location in the heart of London, 2 minutes walking to Tottenham Court underground station, 3 min to Oxford street, excellent prices, v.good housekeeping, good concierge support, fast check in and out process). On the other hand, It is very basic, very tight rooms (was real challenge for us to sleep in tight bed) , no AC only fan, the sink in the bathroom was very old style where cold water is not mixed to hot water (another challenge), staff seems to work under huge stress  (i just remember 3 people who smiled back to me during my stay) others are always pressured and looked unhappy. This was my 5th time with St gilles in london and i can sense the progress in facilities that the hotel…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for city break,"Had a really nice stay here, Concierge really helpful and gave spot on information. Reception staff really friendly and helpful.  Room was very clean, a little small but only wanted to sleep so fine.  Bed really comfortable and so were the pillows. The breakfast was a very busy affair although the second morning we attended later and was not too hectic. Would have preferred a bath instead of shower but that's just personal preference nothing to do with hotel.  We will definitely come here again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very small room,"Stayed here one night on a business trip and was shocked at the size of the room, it was really claustrophobic and dark. The shower room was also really small and the room was a little tatty. The staff are friendly and the bar has a good atmosphere and selection of drinks.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location - value for money,"Nice medium class hotel with an excellent location - walking distance to almost everything. You get what you pay for - small, but nice rooms, friendly and helpful staff. The hotel bar is very popular and a nice place for a drink before going out for dinner.  I would reccomend this hotel to those who would like a decent place to stay without spending too much money on accomodation.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
2605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break ,Great location. Helpful staff very friendly. Room was small but was fine for our short stay. Very clean and tidy. Location was excellent walking to shops and theatres tube station very close. Great restaurant and bar at the hotel but right outside the door was a whole selection of eaters and pubs/bars. We had breakfast included was a very good deal. Will do it again. The one slight down side you have to pay for your wifi? Jon this day and age should be gratuities.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stop-over,"We have stayed at this hotel before because of its great location,price and with it being a good all round deal. The hotel lived up to our expectations and would certainly recommend for Theatre shows,shopping and some of the sights of London and the tube station is just down the road. We will use again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No comfort no thrills,I can only describe my stay as disappointing. For a fairly high priced room rate my room was not comfortable at all. Room 264 can be compared to a cupboard rather than a spacious hotel room to unwind after 2 long days working in the city.  The bathroom when I first arrived had moths inside so i then had to navigate them out of the room.  The window had a broken blind so therefore no light could be shut out.  The noise coming from the street below at the back of the hotel kept me up both night I stayed.  And finally the breakfast... Well I've you like soggy burnt toast and food with no flavour then it's perfect!  I would say this is the worst hotel I've stayed in.  Such a shame as its in a good location and there are simple things that could be done to make improvements but along…,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
2608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break,This hotel was included as part of a theatre break package and we opted to stay an extra night which we booked through Expedia.  We arrived into Euston station and the hotel was a 20 minute walk from there.  If the weather wasn't nice the Tottenham Road tube station is about a 5 minute walk away.  The room was small but very clean and as we spent very little time in the room size wasn't an issue.  The staff were all extremely friendly and the concierge desk great at giving us directions to various attractions.  We were able to walk to most locations and if this was not possible there were many bus and tube options nearby.  The breakfast was included in our first night only and it was okay but a bit chaotic.  There was a 24 hour café attached to the hotel where we chose to eat on…,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"lovely hotel, great location","Hotel is well presented with helpful reception staff. rooms are basic but are clean and comfortable. Hotel is in a great location, only 2 tube stops from london victoria and in walking distance of all the main theatres' and shopping areas. would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A perfect budget hotel,The rooms were neat and clean. Spacious enough for two. The service staff was quick and ensured you never have a problem during your stay. Location is one of the key aspects and the nearby areas were great,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,the service was very good - room was to small - outlook not good and bathroom and shower small for a twin bedded room - location good - breakfast excellent although it was a little chaotic - okay for a short stay,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Marvellous,"Went to this hotel 7th April, stayed for 1 night and despite some poor reviews our visit overall was marvellous. The room we stayed in was an executive double, spotlessly clean, large, and the bed was very comfortable. Staff at this hotel could not do enough for you. We loved it so much just booked again for July.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,theatre break,"Another great stay at this hotel. Staff all very polite, helpful and a quick checkin even  though it was very busy. The location of the hotel is great for theatre land and Oxford Street shopping all within a 15/20 mins walk. Breakfast was excellent as you had plenty of choice from cereal, fruit, yogurt and hot food. This is my second visit and I would definitely return again. We were lucky enough to get a delux twin room this time for a very good price which was an added bonus as it gave us a little lounge to sit in. On the 11th floor nearly 200 steps so used the lift apart from once up and down.  Thanks again. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This is a great hotel if you just need a base while sight seeing. It really is in the heart of everything and the price is great. Staff were helpful, rooms very small but clean and well laid out. Will stay here again when visiting London.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed at the St Giles hotel for three nights in April. Ideal location, very close to the Dominion Theatre, Tottenham Court Road tube and only one stop from Leicester Square. There's a Sainsbury's opposite which is open till midnight which could come in handy for snacks or drinks.  Reception staff very friendly and helpful.  We were given a standard double room on the 7th floor. My first impression of the room was how small it was and how dark. Had a look at the view, most of it was the outside wall of the hotel! The small bit we could see was the building site across the road. I have to admit I was very disappointed considering how much we paid. The room was clean, tea/coffee facilities, TV, decent hairdryer, free safe, spare pillows. Because the room was quite dark even…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed here for our trip to the theatre, pleased with the central location. Room was a tad on the small size but was clean and well equiped. There is building work in this area but that never really disturbed us. Breakfast was really good with everything you could want. There is an onsite restaurant, which we didn't try but the prices looked very reasonable. Also an onsite casino and concierge but again we never used these.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel – great location,"All the vital ingredients are in place at this large well positioned hotel. Good bed, powerful hot shower, clean, room safe.  Fits the bill well for a Business trip to London or a short tourist trip – anything longer and you would probably miss the extra comforts which you will not find in rooms here.  It does the basics well, but looks rather “tired”. I found staff to be courteous and cheerful. I would consider a return. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No free wifi,Stayed here for three nights in March while working in London. I find this hotel quite dull and not very charming at all. The room (single) was very small but ok. Breakfast was quite sloshy. Surprisingly wifi was not free. The is a bit Midieval I feel.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Some of the rooms are really old and dated. But if in the refurbished rooms they are nice, you may have to ask for these. This is not a 4 or 5 star hotel. But it's convenient and a really great location being a stone throw away from Tottenham Court Road.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great service and best location,"This was my fourth visit to the St. Giles in London - and will probably not be the last.The location is excellent - within walking distance of so many central areas, with lots of bus routes in the vicinity in addition to the tube. The standard rooms which I stay in are small but clean, and serve their purpose well. The most impressive thing about this hotel, in my opinion, is the service and friendly attitude of the employees. The hotel is very big and very busy , yet the service is personal and there is an atmosphere of caring. The reception staff are efficient, always happy to help out and try to satisfy in every way, the concierge staff are both helpful and knowledgeable and offer excellent advice readily and politely, the cleaning staff are friendly and polite. The staff…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel in an excellent location.,"I go to London once a year and never stay anywhere else. It's well priced, always very clean and comfortable and the staff are incredibly friendly; nothing is too much trouble. The average rooms aren't massive, but for someone who only uses the room at night, it's perfect. During our last stay we were upgraded to an executive room (I think that's what it's called) and it was fantastic. Very spacious and light. The attached 24 hour diner is delicious and staff are very friendly. We absolutely love staying here.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Fantastic location round the corner from Tottenham court tube station. On bus route to all locations  Spacious twin room  bathroom with bath tea &coffee making facilities. Plenty towels. Chean sheets every night   self service breakfast buffet everything you could ask for  £237 for two for two nights casino and YMCA leisure facilities attached to hotel. £5 fee,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in centre of London,"Stayed three nights end of March and were bit worried due to mixed reviews but how little we needed to worry! Rooms not the biggest but won't be in London, very clean, towels changed as often as you liked. Lashings of hot water for bath after running tap for a couple of minutes. Tea and coffee-making facilities, replenished daily. Breakfast fantastic choice - full English or Continental. Good quality orange juice and coffee. Always somewhere to sit - there are four rooms to choose from. We were on 6th floor and never had to wait more than a few seconds for a lift. Hotel quiet but some noise from street below from traffic but great view of Big Ben and London Eye. Friendly staff, very helpful on check-in. Excellent facilities for leaving luggage if you are early checking in or…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,was good for on budget weekend away,"Hotel was ok, very basic, but most of the time we was out and about in London so we just needed a base point. Our room was tiny but wasn't really a problem, Staff were very friendly and the hotel was close to anything and everything including tube stations. Defiantly worth it if you're on a budget.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel in centre of London,"My husband and I stay in this hotel regularly and have just returned from yet another fabulous weekend stay. Rooms are basic but clean and functional; excellent value for money for a hotel situated in central London. We have stayed in many different rooms but this time we stayed in an executive suite on the roof terrace; it was an amazing room with phenomenal views of London.  If you can afford it, treat yourself; it's well worth it. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basically a good hotel,Nothing special but it's clean and cheap for London it's also very well situated for exploring London close to theaters Leicester Square and Covent Garden  Room tip  ask for a quiet room as it csn be niosy by the lifts,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would not go again ,"Good location but dated and rooms not very clean.  Our bedroom was small and some of it looked like it had not been cleaned for some time.  Carpet tiles in the corridors were lifting up, some lifts not working and it was all a bit tired and grubby. Wifi = £5 per day.  Whilst it sort of says so on the website, the pool costs £5 per person PER visit.  It is the ymca sports one - check the opening hours - it was lane swimming only when we went and even in the family lane we were made to feel uncomfortable. It would not have been suitable for small children at that time. Nice sauna and steam room at pool and the gym facilities looked good. Good breakfast choice.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed at the St Giles at the end of March 2016 for 4 nights. Found it to be a perfect base for sightseeing in London. Easy proximity to almost everywhere. Tube from heathrow easy to get to hotel. Reading previous reviews I was expecting something terrible but that was not the case. Hotel was clean but dated. Room was small but I have stayed in smaller. Lifts busy in the morning but many school groups staying at the time likely caused this. Tried the VQ restaurant and Hudsons pub connected to the hotel, both were good. Really a great deal so close the west end of London. I would certainly book at the St Giles again. Don't expect the Ritz because they don't charge Ritz rates but comfortable accommodations in a great location. I had to use PayPal to access wifi but was aware of…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and price ,"The location is excellent - next to a tube station and walking distance within central London. Lots of cafes, shops and restaurants near by, and the bar attached to the hotel was reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere. The staff who checked us in were friendly enough and the room was clean with good facilities. Didn't like you had to pay for wifi - in this day in age wifi should be free. The room was a little small but fine for a couple. For the price I really couldn't complain and would visit again.  ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good,"This is my third time staying at this hotel.  The location is excellent. Oxford Street is a two minute walk away. There is a Sainsbury's just across the road if you need anything. Taxi rank right outside, and a tube station just down the road.  On this visit I stayed in a 'deluxe' double bedroom on the 5th floor. Room very nice and clean, separate bedroom and small lounge room. The sofa in the second room was a sofa bed.  The other two members of my party had a twin room on the floor below us. Their room was very small but clean.  The only issue was on the second night I went back to my room to find the key card and been deactivated. We had to go down to reception to get this sorted. There never seems to be enough lifts for the people using them. Also long queues and a long…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Old but great location,"The location was great. Right by Tottenham Stn and close to Oxford St and a grocery store right across the street. What more can you ask for. The hotel was old but so was everything else in London. They have a small TV, a hair dyer and they provide liquid soup and shampoo but no conditioner.   Maid service is at all hours of the day. First day they came by around 10am. The next day at 7:30am and then 9am.  The hotel is attached to a small casino which we walked in and out quickly. They also have the world's first YMCA. Other than that, there is nothing much special about the hotel. Average.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, a touch of the 1960s in a changing city","The location can't be beaten, at the crossroads of Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Road and Charing Cross road, a short walk from The British Museum. It's an aged hotel, a well-ish preserved reminder of London's swinging 60s although some fittings and carpets can look a little worn. The exterior is part of the texture of the West End.  Although it's extremely busy at all times and there can be quite a wait for the lift I've never had any problems with noise, although there can be some noise from outside at the weekend.  I recently left my Kindle in a room after check-out and they kept it safe for me until I picked it up the week after.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location / but quiet too,A great hotel and not over priced. Quiet friendly and nice breakfast. The Hudson bar is fair price and fab coffee . I'd recommend for short or long stay and definitely good for being close too theatres and city shops. Nice bar staff and friendly cleaners too. ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, tiny rooms, decently priced","This large (over 800 rooms) hotel used to be a Youth Hostel, which would explain why rooms are compact, to say the least. They are, however, clean, well maintained and manage to pack usual facilities into a space you would not have thought possible. If you want a decently priced hotel in a good location, then this is a good choice. It is a bit of a factory, especially at breakfast (nothing wrong with the selection on offer), but then you get what you pay for...",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"Visited for 1 night in order to see a show and visit Ideal Home exhibition.Reception staff friendly and knowledgeable.Room (a twin) was comfortable but not huge with no separate seating other than one chair for dressing table. Bathroom was clean and reasonably appointed and actually had glasses instead of flimsy disposable plastic beakers. Stayed on a room only basis so cannot comment on the restaurant facilities. One downside was that the lifts seemed rather slow but that may have been due to the time (0900- breakfast). Although centrally located and comfortable I don't think it rated  a nightly charge of £96 for just a very basic room.,",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,FANTASTIC LOCATION WITH VIEW FROM THE TOP FLOORS,"We stayed for five nights at the St Giles London Classic.  The rooms were adequately furnished, if a little small, but we did have an extra room and a view of London.  It would appear that the hotel is being upgraded.  Location is fantastic.  The Tottenham Court Road Underground is literally across the road.  There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance and of course Oxford Street is a 2 min walk. The staff were pleasant and the rooms clean.  We didn't eat in the Hotel so cannot comment on the food.  For gym fans the YMCA gym and pool complex is accessed from the Hotel Lobby. There is a small charge.   We would return, definitely.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekender,"The location was superb; right next to TCR tube and all the London nightlife, and the hotel itself was brilliant with classy bars and restaurants. The beds were really comfortable and the rooms well insulated. The shower was also fantastic.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but lacking !,Hotel is within walking distance of most attractions so don't need travel cards but our room was lacking some basics such as drawers and somewhere to hang a wet towel ! Shower was small and had curtain rather than door or screen but water was good. Towels changed each day though. Breakfast was a bit poor. Most stuff luke warm and sausage and tea poor quality and tasted awful and I'm not a fussy eater. Check in was efficient and we were allowed in early. Bit of a budget hotel but not budget priced.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What great service ,"I wasn't going to review the St Giles again as we have been several times now and always been very satisfied. We use the hotel because of its location. We can check out and leave our luggage to pick up later.  This time I had booked online, on my phone, a visit to the Tower of London. The small print said I had to print out the voucher. I asked the Hall Porter and he solved my problem. I only had to email him the document and he printed it out there and then. That's what I call service. So many thanks for  that. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st giles hotel,"I stayed recently and was disappointed with the twin  room allocated as it was a little on the small side and more in keeping with a budget hotel. On the other hand the restaurant was excellent with very attentive friendly staff. the food was superb and the bill reasonable. Breakfast was not part of my deal and was a little expensive £9+. there was choice but again it was more like a budget hotel and presentation could improve, it was very busy and took some time to get my food/drink. Not a bad hotel but could improve and be so much better as its location is very good if staying in London for a short stay",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mostly for sleeping,This hotel is mostly for sleeping. Very good location and very affordable. I have stayed here several times and will gladly come back. No air conditioning and some noise from the constant London traffic. The best thing is the location. Busses and tube lines just out the door. ,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean and tidy, great location ",Stayed at the St Giles on 25/03-27/03 for a short Easter break. The hotel is ideally located for the West End and beyond. All the main attractions within walking distance and the close proximity to Tottenham Court Road tube tops it off. The double room was very small but adequate for us. Bed was small but comfortable and the shower was good. Hotel is fairly noisy but this can't really be helped that much on a main road in Central London.  The breakfast was good with the usual continental and hot selection . A little chaotic but good enough. I would stay here again of the price was right  ,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location but the room is too small,"good location. just near the british museum. about 20 minutes to the london eye and big ben. the room is very old and very small so no space for an open luggage. there is a very small casino with the hotel. with this price in the heart of london, nothing i can say.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
2644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mehh,"When i was staying at the St. Giles it was flooding, The staff was very helpful and did everything they could do.  We stayed there for a week, and the room was tiny, to tiny for all of our stuff.  our window was facing some street and it was quiet noisy. But the location is great and saved us some time and money. Once we ate the breakfast... we did not do that again. I bought the wifi code, it was expensive compared to the speed of the internet.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Everything about this hotel is perfect!!,"The rooms were small but it doesn't bother me. Stayed in for 3 nights which was great! The staff were friendly , location couldn't be more perfect than it is. Full breakfast which I loved. I liked the restaurants that came with the hotel such as vq bloomsbery , hudson house. It was great for late nights. I will defently stick to one hotel and come again to this hotel on my next vacation to london :-) !!!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect London location hotel and good value for money ,"This is the second time I have stayed here and will be coming back every time I visit London. I think it is the perfect location to see London as it's very central and walkable to most places, plus the tube is literally around the corner. Yes the rooms are slightly small but just what you need to comfortably sleep, get ready and store your belongings. The rooms are very clean, the staff are brilliant. The only downside is the wait for the lifts especially on check out day. The underground parking under the hotel is also great and discounted through the hotel. If you want a good central hotel without paying a fortune this is your hotel! ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Doesn't stand out from the. Crowd,"Whilst service at reception was warm and friendly this hotel has seen better days. My double room was small, pretty drab and in need of a re-furb but on a positive the bed was comfy, the tv was ok, and the shower worked well.  Breakfast was pretty average, at best in what is a very dull and drab dining room.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but great locations,"I chose it because of its ideal location for the theatre and I was not disappointed. Quick and efficient check in, pleasant and friendly staff and the room was clean and well kept. Bit disappointed that was only tea/coffee in room; no biscuits or other pleasantries but plain and simple. The bar, however, downstairs was a bit of a gem. Like a real ""pub"" great drinks, great snacks and a real cosy feel. Much better than the usual clinical hotel bars. Nothing fancy but a cut above a travel inn and cheaper in price.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Again,Not sure how many times I have stayed here but for central London the room price and size are always very good. Never eaten here but if the hotel is anything to go by I would say it would be good. Had an issue this time in that I booked a double bed but only got a twin with two single beds. They apologised and gave me a £20 refund. As I got there very late I didn't ask at night but they did have double rooms available so not sure why my booking was messed up. Would still stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,'No Frills' Accommodation,"Booked this hotel on a reasonable theatre/hotel deal, walking distance from both the Central Line tube station (Tottenham Court Road) and the Shaftesbury Theatre.  Due to the price our expectations weren't set too high and so we weren't disappointed by the small room, minuscule shower area, postage stamp size thin bath towels etc as mentioned in other reviews.  Yes, it's basic accommodation but perfectly adequate for a night's sleep between clean sheets.  Queueing for the lift was a bit of a pain and I'd recommend skipping the buffet breakfast (reminiscent of a school canteen) in favour of one of the numerous cafes around the corner from the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Courteous staff, great location","All the hotel personnel we met were courteous, friendly, and helpful.The room was clean, if a bit ""tired.""  Everything worked.  Replenished coffee packets and teabags every day.  A 5-minute walk to the British Museum, Charing Cross Road and its innumerable book shops;10 minutes to the National Gallery.  I'd stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel ,"Stayed here for my partners birthday for 2 nights , clean yes small rooms but you only need a bed n bathroom , 1st night we never slept well noise outside was terrible not hotels fault. Soon as I told staff next day there charged our room Nd apologised nothing was to much trouble lovely staff. Would deffo stay here again close to everything close .",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location /very small rooms,"Hotel location is perfect , can access every where very near to the Tube , Oxford street and British Museum.Receptionist were very nice and helpful , have a problem with the wifi , they solved and gave it for me as complementary. Only problem was rooms are very small as well as the beds",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"We arrived and we were treated with friendly staff. After booking in we went to our room which was very clean and warm. It was a little small but enough room to move around. The bathroom was nice but that was even smaller. The room was nice and quiet and very comfy beds and warm duvets, the breakfast was really good plenty of choice, the only thing I didn't like was it was £5 to use the swimming pool and more money to get a towel we found the pool very cold and lots of steps to get to the changing rooms and more steps to the pool. On our departure we left our bags at the hotel for a £1 per bag it saved carry them around, I would definitely stay here again but wouldn't use the pool.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Ok Rooms","Stayed here for 1 night on  18.03 in a standard double room. The room itself is quite cramped and the bathroom even worse, it was tiny you would have trouble even turning 360 in it. Arrived at check in very early as my eurostar got in at 9am, Of course i did not expect my room that early but whilst i was waiting to check in other people was getting there keys, so it looked positive. Unfortunately i didn't get my room but its to be expected, around 12:30 arrived back to see if the room was available , there was alot of people checking in and getting there keys but again no i couldn't have my room, This was very annoying that they just make you wait and wait. Now the wifi is not included in the cost which in 2016 really still surprises me, How can it not be included you even get…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dated.. Poor Service..,"We booked this hotel six months ago to go to the theatre . we arrived at 155 got seen at 205 and was told our room was not ready, when you are able to check in  at 2pm. The receptionist said come back at 230. we went back at 235 and the room was still not ready.. so had to go into town as our time in London was being wasted.  Well the room was small.. very tired the show door didn't shut and the show head wouldn't stay up, the bed was very short and when trying to put my makeup on the lighting was very bad the mirror was no bigger than a hand held on the wall,  they had blinds in the widow but the lights from the street came through, and the noise kept us awake most of the night...  After the theatre we were looking for something to eat. so we decided to go the hotel casino as…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Excellent location (between Oxford Street and Charing Cross, close to British Museum and metro stop Tottenham Court). Clean room (with safe). Unfortunately breakfast, swimming pool and even internet access aren't included in the price of the room. The fee for internet access is high.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, room and general facilities average","We chose this hotel as it was close to where my brother was living in Soho and thought it was reasonably priced and had quite good reviews. It was clean and the staff on reception were quite friendly. The hallways were quite shabby and in need of a refurb. The rooms were clean, but so small there was barely anywhere to put our luggage without moving things around. The bed took up most of the room. Little things were missing such as the liquid soap doubled as shampoo and there were plastic stirrers for the tea and coffee instead of spoons. The hotel is very conveniently located being a 5 minute walk from Tottenham Court Rd station. We left early one morning and had been advised by reception we could leave a bag at the hotel while we travelled to Ireland for a week, as we were…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Have stayed here twice as its the perfect place if you just want a base for shopping & shows in London. Just off the top of Oxford Street, near Tottenham Court Road tube. Rooms are small and a  dated, as with many big European cities but it didn't bother us as staff were all very helpful and hotel is very good value for London.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The bar saved the stay!,"A dated 3 star hotel.  The room was tiny - couldn't swing a cat! The heating was on and couldn't be adjusted, so had to have the window open throughout the day and night, which then made it very noisy. Bathroom was small. Shower leaked and fixtures and fittings were missing. No complimentary toiletries or flannels. Towels were on the small and thread bread side! Bed wasn't comfortable.   Didn't have breakfast as there are many lovely places to eat in walking distance.  The hotel bar was quite modern compared to the rest of the hotel. They made a decent espresso martini.   The concierge charged £1 per bag to keep them stored after check out -never experienced that before.  Would we stay here again? Absolutely not!",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only if you can get a cheap rate,"Was booked in here by my client to attend a conference nearby and arrived really wanting to like the hotel as it was easy to get to from kings x and walking distance from selfridges, Covent Garden and linked by the tube to a number of places that I often have meetings. Walked in to a panel of rude badly organised receptionists who while I was checking in snapped at another guest that they didn't have a wifi code for the hotel and he needed to purchase one from a separate company- above £50 I expect a hotel to offer wifi.   There seemed to be some water damage in reception and on the first floor as my lift passed - the next morning I discovered was due to the hot water system having collapsed which if I had been told on check-in I would have cancelled and booked in somewhere with…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatres.,"Check in was quick and easy. Room was fine, a little warm. Did not need quilt just slept under the sheet. The lifts are a little busy at times. The breakfast was good, no Queues the usual selection of, cereals, fruit and a full cooked option. Housekeeping was good. We stayed on first floor which was good for ice machines and stairwell to reception. Their is a casino on site, if you take your voucher book you get £20 free chips when you join, photo I.d. is required. Plenty of places to eat in walking distance. Their is a sainsburys across the road which is handy. Overall a great stay.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very noisy,"I stay at the St Giles for buisiness trips because it is central and relatively cheap compared wth other London hotels in this area. It is raher down at heal with worn carpets and fixtures ans fittings, the selfservice breakfast is pretty awful and the lifts take for ever but by far the most annoying thing about this hotel is the noise. It is not double glassed therefor you get a lot of street noise, it is also bog with tourists who come back in the middle of the night and make a dreadful racket on their way to bed. The house maids also make a dreadful noise i First thing in the morning as they prepair to service the rooms. There are no curtains in the rooms only horizontal blinds that do not keep the light out, so to survive a night in tjis hotel I bring with me ear plugs and…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Slow check in,"Slow check in & shower had no hot water, I was on a theatre break & it took about 20 minutes, missed the start of the play I had booked to see.  The general appearance of the hotel was tired.  Staff tried there best to help me",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location, Nothing Negatvie","Great, clean hotel with friendly staff. Fantastic location for Shaftesbury Avenue Theatre.  Within 30 minutes of all central London tourist spots like buckingham palace or covent garden. within metres of express supermarkets to get your wine and nibbles for getting ready in your room in the evening and also within minutes walk of several different wetherspoon pubs where you can get a fantastic cheap breakfast. This is the place to go for a theatre/sightseeing.shopping minibreak in London",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"I stayed on business, I have complained through the travel company","On Wednesday 16th March I checked into the St Giles Hotel, I was staying away with work and our travel company arranged the stay for me.  The reception staff were most helpful and polite but unfortunately this is where my good experience of this hotel stopped.  I wanted to use the gym facilities to find the machine broken so needed to get change from reception (not a major issue) yes you have to pay £5 EACH time you use the gym, the lifts gave you approximately 5-10 seconds to get yourself in them before the doors shut on you and it was gone, not helpful if you have luggage and there are a few of you getting in and out!    Arriving on floor 11 I thought I had got out of the lift into a service area, I was faced with a load of towels on the floor in the corner, a stark staircase…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing trip,"The room that we were given bore no resemblance to any of the photographs.  It was very cramped, with a double and a single bed crammed in, but no armchair. The bathroom was tiny, the shower had no light in it. The room felt very cold, without any means of adjusting the temperature, with a tiny window looking out a random street.  Breakfast was equally disappointing, with a limited choice ( i.e. Scrambled eggs only).  Then when we got back to the room after breakfast to get ready to go home, there was no hot water for a shower.  Whilst I understand this is not the most expensive hotel in London, I feel that the prices charged are not justified for this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice reception area and check in, but only first impressions good","I stayed for one night in a so called 'deluxe room'. First impressions were good, location convenient and a very smart reception area, with professional staff and an efficient check in.   However it was down hill from there. The deluxe room amounted to a small bedroom with barely any room around the bed and a small lounge area, with an old sofa, coffee table and second tv, plus a fridge. It felt like a student hostel rather than a hotel and the cleaning standards were not good at all. I don't usually pick up on cleaning standards but the walls in the bathroom were almost grimy and some fittings were thick with dust.   Food in the Italian/Thai (I think) fusion restaurant was a mixed bag. Pasta was quite reasonable but my pizza was very soggy and almost inedible.   There is a…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but that's all","First thing that greeted me was an overwhelming smell of fish! It looked like there was a restaurant above the main entrance - good planning? Certainly didn't make me want to go there! Check in was smooth and fairly pleasant. Settling into the small room (a single in London, fairly common), I noticed a draught and realised there was quite a large gap under the door. Used the rolled up bath mat to help stop that a bit! Went into the (very) small bathroom. As the bathroom is all black ""marble"" it seemed very claustrophobic! Looking at the shower I was amazed and dismayed to see that the lip reached up to my knee! Let me say, I am 5' 2"", I use a stick but don't consider myself disabled. I consider he entrance to this shower unacceptable for anybody. If you did get over the lip then…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, no personalized service","The hotel location is very good and central especially for tourism. 5 minutes walk from  the British museum. The hotel is so big and with so many rooms so there is no personalized service and more tendency to practicality. There is no breakfast, however, the cafe around the corner offers very good breakfast and coffee with good prices. It is absolutely annoying now to be in a hotel where you wifi service has to be paid and the payment is even by device so if you have a laptop and smart phone then you pay twice.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"More ""good"" than ""average""","This place ticks a lot of boxes. Price, central location, transport and pleasant staff being the main ones. Rooms are adequate, beds and linen are basic. Shower good pressure although you need to be agile to get into it. You need to pay for wifi, which these days is a bit much to ask. Plenty of cafes nearby for breakfast and a late night supermarket over the road for drinks, snacks etc. Tripadviser just asked me if there is a pool with a swim up bar in this hotel and I have to say there isn't.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Compact but comfortable,"We had a twin room which was very compact but clean and tidy.  The beds were very comfortable.  There was a smell that came from the bathroom and a member of staff put something down the drains to try and sort it. There is a gym and a swimming pool, but there is a fee to use it. Wifi is free in the bar but has to be paid for in the hotel.     The location is excellent and there were loads of shops, cafes and bars surrounding the hotel. There was a tube station minutes from the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location makes it a winner!,I stayed here for one night on a hen night.  I parked in the NCP car park under the hotel. The charge for 24 hours is £40 but get the concierge to stamp your ticket & you get it for £25. This isn't advertised.  Check in was very quick & easy. Ask for a higher room. The downside the lifts are busy & slow but the plus it will less noisy but this is central London so there's always going to be noise.  PROS.. Great location.  Price you pay for central London.  Friendly staff.  Lovely shower & water pressure was good (although this was quite mixed within our group).  There is a casino adjacent to the hotel (soft drinks are free!)  Breakfast was good value with lots of choice.  The Hudson bar was a great place to grab a drink. Staff were very friendly.  Taxis are easy to get & if…,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,a hub,"Stayed two nights and very convenient for shopping and transport. Room was clean, the basics were supplied -for making tea, hairdryer etc. Bathroom and shower was fine for a small person. Staff were polite. Was not as impressed by breakfast area which was cafeteria style and tended to be crowded. The lobby has no seating area and one has to pay for the wifi. The common areas could be make more appealing.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second Time Around.,"My Husband and I have just returned from our second stay at the St.Giles,London.Despite still undergoing a massive re-furbishment followin a devistating flood last October;at one time over 70,000 gallons of water every 10 mins cascading through the first three floors.We were staying there at the time and can assure people it had to be seen to be believed,the staff remained as cheerful and positive as ever.      Our request for a room on the lower floor away from the lifts,to accomadate my disability was perfectly executed and although the decor showed signs of its previous adventures the room itself was clean and the bed very comfortable.      We celebrated my Birthday with a meal at the Sage and Chilli,one of the three in house resurants,and on learning it was a special day,the…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for a London break,"We stayed in the St Giles as part of a theatre break, so its initial appeal was its proximity to the Queens Theatre. That was the first of the many positive aspects of this hotel. It really is ideally located for theatre land and many of London's historic attractions. We walked to the Imperial war \Museum and to Westminster Abbey, amongst others, taking in Downing Street, Horseguards any many other notable locations along the way. Sunset over the London Eye was particularly memorable.  Booking -in was easy and efficient, and Melissa, who dealt with us on reception, was a charming and courteous introduction to the hotel. The concierge team were welcoming and helpful, and we appreciated being able to leave our bags after checking-out so that we could visit the Oxford Street shops…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for a good price,"Stayed here overnight last Saturday on a theatre break, handy hotel in good location. The hotel was clean but basic,the bed was comfy and the room had all you needed hair dryer, TV coffee tea etc. We'd booked breakfast which was lovely lots of choice and the coffee was better than some I've had in expensive coffee shops!! Would recommend and would stay again. We paid for a late check out £20 but meant we had the room till 6pm and could leave our bags while exploring some more.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location Location and, er, Location","This hotel is located perfectly for the West End and that is its main selling point, combined with its reasonable prices.  Our room was basic and felt a bit cell like. The toilet struggled to flush and the towels seemed sized for children.  Having said that, after our booking was messed up by the online booking site, it was saved by confirmation from the hotel itself.   If you want reasonably-priced access to the West End but not looking for quality, this is ideal.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great  location,my brother and I had an appointment at Saint James Palace on 11th March and this hotel was in a great spot for getting around and about our rooms were very clean and quite spacious for London mine was on the 5th floor and at the back so nice and quiet and       lovely views of London museum breakfast in the q and a restaurant good and plenty of it if I go back to London I would go back to this hotel.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Travelled to London last week to attend a course and stayed at St Giles for 3 nights. Hotel exceeded my expectations and was great value for money. Buffet breakfast was optional but definitely worth it - had a range of cereals, croissants, fruit, yogurt and a hot counter. Room was tiny (single bed) but clean. Kettle, tea and coffee provided in room and a great hair dryer. Good service - TV broke on the second day but was fixed shortly after I reported it. I had no problems with noise. Three restaurants attached to hotel - I did not eat in any of these but the hotel provided complimentary 20% off tokens. Hotel guests can use the pool at the YMCA for a small fee (I did not use this). Location great - right beside Tottenham Court Road underground and just off Oxford Street. 10min…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Alleyway room with poor facilities,"Here in my tiny room that only just fits a bed. Me and my partner went to the bar (which was why we booked here as open late) and without photo I d were denied entry. Something we were never informed about upon booking.  So instead we bought some champagne to drink in our poxy room. which the reception kindly responded to our request, we do not do room service or supply glasses, maybe ask at the bar ........ THAT WE WERE REFUSED ACCESS TOO!!!!!!!! Never again poor customer service poor communication poor rooms poor facilities......... just poor. ",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Possibly the slowest lifts (Elevators).........in the world!,"Finding it: Very easy after exiting from Tottenham Court Road underground which is about two minutes walk away. Arrival: I was lucky; I got in the queue when it was short. I pitied those poor souls that came after me. It seemed the whole world, mostly tourists, was checking in at about the same time. They are probably still there......... Room: On entering the room, the automatic door closer hit the wall then bounced off and onto me; there isn't enough room for the door closer behind the door. Due to this I did wonder if the room had been cut in two at some time to make more rooms, although it was suitably large. The door closer went on to catch me out on multiple occasions thereafter. The decor of the room seemed a little dated, but it wasn't at all unpleasant. The bedding of…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, amazing bacon","Room was a bit small but was clean enough and warm. Shower was very good. Breakfast was somewhat amazing with big fat thick pieces of crispy bacon on offer. Possibly worth staying just for the bacon.   Location excellent, price OK. Minor incident of noise on our floor dealt with quickly and professionally. Staff friendly.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Hotel is a great spot for sight seeing. 2 minutes from Oxford street and only a 15 minute walk to the west end. The breakfast is pretty good and staff friendly. The rooms are quite small but clean. A little noisy and building work going on right next door but it's London so it's gonna be noisy. Wifi is payable by the day but the Hudson bar adjoining the hotel has free wifi but only a loggin via Facebook or Twitter.   If you can handle the fast paced hustle and bustle you will get on fine. Will stay again. ,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"Wonderful location. Staff was kind, but the building itself has serious problems. There are too many stairs, in the lobby and in front of the rooms. The rooms are small, very small. One of the lights in the bathrooms are burnt and one of the lamps in the room was broken. I stayed seven days and they did not come to fix the lights. I had reserved an executive room, but I was given a common room. Luckily I had a copy of my reservation which proved that I had paid for an executive room. So, make sure to bring a copy of your reservation.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location over refinement,If you want to be close to the action for a reasonable price then this gaff is for you. If you want things from the future like TV remotes then sleep in the door way of Greggs. Reception staff are over worked and inattentive. Generally an unpleasant experience. ,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, few other high points.","A night at the St Giles...ahead of an interview in London.  Reception, and indeed everywhere at this hotel, seems full of international youngsters, swapping phone tokens, Simcards, bottles of water...it's weird, like a hostel for the slightly better off young traveller...whole groups of American visitors...reception always has a queue, but is quick and courteous, the lifts, except at breakfast time, are ok.  Room reasonable, bathroom clean, lighting quite nice, TV OK...but the pillows were terrible, gave me a pain i9n the neck..couldn't get comfortable, slept maybe three hours in all.  Breakfast is awful, continental buffet unless you pay another tenner...but it looked like anyone could get hot food, no-one I saw was asked for their cooked breakfast voucher!!  The orange juice…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,would not use this ho(s)tel again,"This building was designed as a YMCA Hostel - and it shows. Narrow corridors, smallish rooms, minimal facilities, poor heating and ventilation.. Bed was comfortable and room cleaning good. The most depressing part of our visit was the breakfast room which was so reminiscent of a school canteen. Self-service meant collect everything from plates and cutlery! We didn't use the pool/gym (£5 per visit), the café (too noisy) or the casino. One good point - this is a very central location on several useful bus routes. Plenty of restaurants nearby, also old pubs and all of Oxford Street! ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Could do much better,Disappointing standard does not make up for the central location. Very small room off a soulless corridor with grubby walls and a barely tepid shower was not ideal preparation for a hard day at work. I feel bad that many overseas visitors must get a poor impression of British hospitality when they stay here.,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Dusty room, no WiFi","The location is great, and we chose this hotel for this reason. But when we arrived we have had to way hours for the checking for problems with the computer. The room was too small, not so clean and claustrophobic and the lift didn't worked, we had to use the stairs with the luggage, we were at 5 floor. Furthermore for me, in 2016, it's shameful to have to pay £5 per day for the WiFi when they already charge you £100 per night. We will not coming back.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Suberb location,  ok hotel","Travelled solo and am not fussy on the quality of the hotels.  Had a singel room, was small but room enough for one person who only there for sleep and shower.  The bed was not good, felt really cheap, but I managed to sleep on it. I will probably use the hotel again because of the location and did get a good deal, but if you are fussy about where you sleep chose another one.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly fine for our needs,"The twin room was clean and comfortable and quiet, and an adequate size for the two of us for one night. Breakfast was good and no problem getting a table. Easy check in and out, and the location cant be beaten. I read some negative reviews so we either dropped lucky or have different expectations to others for what to expect in a very large central london hotel. I would happily stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Was recommended the hotel by friends. Good location , easily accessible from Victoria station ( Gatwick Express) . But the rooms were very very small . I traveled with a child, and it worked for us , but for two adults the room would have been too small . The room was as well very hot and stuffy air ( even after we turned the heat off). Luckily there was a fan in the room that helped us , but I think we had kicked the bucket if this had been in the summer . In addition, the cleaning was not particularly good. Next time we'll choose another different hotel",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre visit,"Good location. Disappointing room, very small corner window. One night was enough! Claustrophobic interior view just high buildings. £100 room only couldn't compare with Premier Inn and Travelodge. Problem m s with blocked toilet.  Won't be back !",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and price,"I've stayed here on many occasions mainly as it is in the centre of London and has parking underground which is subsidised by the hotel.  Considering the location the hotel is very reasonably priced.  Whenever we have stayed here we have never needed to use the underground as everything is within walking distance (Covent garden 10 mins, Leicester Square 5 mins, right on Oxford street).  Breakfast selection is adequate.  Rooms are very compact but well equipped.  Frequently the hotel will allow us to check in early which is a real bonus.  ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre stay,"Superb location for any of the shows with excellent access to train services, the rooms are not big but are clean and suitable for a short break, the staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel has all amenities required with a good bar and eating place, the breakfast if you like full English is spot on, will definitely be using the hotel again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and certainly cheerful,"I always stay here whenever I am in London. The location is ideal with an underground station just down the road, though a lot of London is within walking distance. The place is very clean and you can get a good hearty breakfast on a morning.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Just returned from a two night stay. Reason we booked was due to its great location. We've stayed here before, albeit quite sometime ago, so knew what to expect. Very handy and close to Oxford Street, Soho, Covent Garden and trafalgar square. All of which were a very short walk away.  Hotel seemed very busy with different Europeans. Yes the rooms are tiny and dated, but for us it was just a base. Used the hotel bar a couple of times,  Hudson, which was a nice setting and quite busy. The Hotel is just across from Tottenham Court tube station. For us it did what it said on the tin. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"Stayed here for three nights this week. The location is amazing, and walked to most areas of London not even needing to take the tube. The first night was not good as our room was next to the lift shaft and kept us awake all night, but the hotel was extremely kind and changed our room for us the next day which was much nicer and extremely quiet. I would come back and stay and the second room we were given as we slept great and heard no noise whatsoever. Amazing views also!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I have stayed here before and will happily stay again. Really good location walking distance to all the main places of interest. Clean and tidy, comfortable bed and quiet so I slept well. I had a fridge but not all rooms do. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Like staying in a youth hostel,"Stayed here on business recently, rooms were tiny, and pretty grubby, smell of sweaty feet seemed predominant. Havent stayed in a hotel this poor for a long time.  The concierge was extremely abrubt.  This hotel seems to put on a decent front but goes rapidly down hill when you get into the rooms and communal areas.  It seriously had the feel of a youth hostel or ymca.  Breakfast was a total disaster food inedible i declined and found an alternative elsewhere.  Only thing in its favour was it was cheap, and i can see why. Hotel was also full of school parties which increased the noise levels all night.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value, good location",We stayed here as part of a theatre break. It is located just behind the  Dominion Theatre and about a 15 minute walk from Covent Garden. Rooms were a bit on the small side but clean and well serviced. The breakfast was great for us but the buffet style might not suit everyone. Would defiantly stay here again. ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,At the bottom end of the mid range but with some redeeming features,"Converted, I believe, from the YMCA, the rooms are quite small with en suite shower rooms quite minuscule.  The hotel is used by groups but is centrally placed for a short visit to London being within 50M of Tottenham Court Road tube and the Dominion Theatre.   The complex has a Casino and three places to eat (Hudsons House, VQ and Sage and Chilli) food is okay but I will only go there is I have a money off voucher that' you normally get when checking in. Breakfast is one of the better parts if you ignore the ubiquitous scrambled egg. Plenty of fruit choices, toast, bacon, sausage etc.  Typical large restaurant buffet style.   The best feature, for me, are the staff.  Check in is always painless with friendly, multi lingual, staff, and I usually ask for a quiet room on a big…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location,Booked this hotel for an overnight stay for our wedding anniversary because of its location to theatre and restaurant we had booked. Like most hotels in the capital cities the rooms are small this was just like New york. Do not  expect too much this hotel is all about the Location it is within walking distance of a quite a few Theatres restaurants and pubs. I would definately use this hotel again as it is situated across the road from a great cantonese Restaurant called Hakassans. Shopping convent garden Leicester square are all nearby too what more could you want a great central location. Room quality was okay along with cleanliness and the check in was painless too with plenty of staff on duty. The breakfast buffet was totally chaotic and very busy but overall okay. I will…,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location,"The location of this hotel is excellent for Oxford Street, Buckingham Palace, China Town, Covent Garden and Soho.  It's the first time we have visited London and not felt the need to jump in a taxi or use the tube.  The hotel itself is clean but basic.  The room we stayed in is possibly the smallest room we have ever stayed in - but who goes to London to stay in their room.  Breakfast was adequate and food was lovely.  I would stay at the St Giles again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located but tired with a dining room that resembled a soup kitchen,"This hotel is nothing to write home about. It's a one of those basic tourist hotels that you stay in if you're on a weekend break and want to be central but have recently been made redundant.  I checked in with my colleague and we were told that as she was booked in as an executive guest she was allowed to eat in the downstairs restaurant for breakfast but I wasn't. Under no circumstances could someone of my standing, dine in the luxury of the executive dining room and feast on the pain au chocolat and richmond sausages.  The room was ok. It had the basics you'd expect ie a bed, lights and toilet paper. The tv that was hidden in a wardrobe which was slightly smaller than my ipad and the 'thermostat' was a hole under the desk which you had to stick your hand through to turn off…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location👍! ,"This is our second stay, and the superb location/low price is basically why we return to St. Giles as a big group. Close to shopping, theatres, attractions, restaurants, the tube and so on. A perfect hotel if you don't spend too much time in your room, as they are tiny and basic.... Will definately stay here again! ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay and booked again already,"After reading a couple of negative reviews I wondered if I did the right thing by booking there but now I've been I have already booked a return visit in June. The location of the hotel is right off Oxford Street and a stones throw away from Tottenham Court Road tube station and the Dominion Theatre.  Ideal for shopping and theatre.  Upon arriving at the hotel it was clean and a lovely gentleman took my mums case upstairs which was much appreciated. Checking in was swift and efficient and was told that we were on the 9th floor despite asking for a ground floor room but there were plenty lifts so wasn't a problem.  The room was small but had 2 comfortable beds in it (however the two beds were touching they were that close), 2 TVs (1 in bedroom and 1 in a little adjoining room)a…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Average standard, nothing more - nothing less.","I'm sure I will choose this hotel for my next London-vocation also. The standard is average, and as I have heard - this was a little bit above the London hotel standard. The biggest dissapoitment was the huge gap between the pictures on their own web site when I ordered and how the room actually was. I booked a deluxe double room and got what we call in Norway; a standard double room.  Despite this - the restaurant looked really fine, a modern lobby and as we're not used with in Norway, they had a Consierge. They could help you with everything.  The hotel is a five minutes walk to the underground station Tottenham Courtroad which connects easily with the other stations so you can go everywhere. The hotel is also close to Oxford Street.  All in total, a great hotel if you want to…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for a hotel near the theatre district,"Rooms are very small, but for short stays the room is quite adequate.   Breakfast is a good value (although I would have liked it better if bananas were provided as one of the fruit options).   My only real complaint is that the internet is not freely provided, and is in fact quite expensive.  Indeed, many three star hotels provide internet access for free or for a lower price.   But, you cannot beat the location, so if I can find a good deal for this hotel on the web, then it is my standard first choice for a reasonably priced London hotel in the West End/Bloomsbury part of town.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for Money,"I have stayed at St. Giles London 3 times. When I compare the Prime Location(next to Tottenham Court Road and Hakkasan) with the price(double room £85) and the room standard(OK size, clean and fresh) this is probably the best Value for Money you will get in Central London. I'll be back!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Having visited this hotel on numerous occasions, it is nicely situated to visit most attractions and the West End but this hotel needs a good refurb. We were in room 552 and was over the restaurant so if you opened the window all you could smell was food. No view from this particular window. Safe didn't work it seemed the battery had gone. little bugs running on the dressing table, which seemed to be coming from behind the dressing table. TV was pixelating all the time. No decaf coffee and cleaner only left one hand and bath towel, we mentioned this to reception and they did give us some decaf sachets but the towels never appeared so we had to share the towels between us the next morning.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant location, lovely breakfast","Very friendly welcome from hotel staff, breakfast was good, good selection of fruit, cereals, english breakfast and continental. Roomy breakfast area, we found a table easily both mornings. Excellent location we walked everywhere as it was so close to the theatres, china town, oxford street, euston etc. Room was clean.   The rooms were quite warm with the heating off, we were on the quiet side of the hotel away from Tottenham court road/ oxford street so were able to sleep with the window open however not sure how comfortable it'd be in the height of summer. The bed wasn't the comfiest, we found it quite hard, we were able to sleep so it wasn't horrendous but it was a little disappointing having spent a lot of money on accommodation (albeit the price was typical of london…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small Rooms & Dated Decor Although Amazing Staff.,"We stayed at the St Giles London for one night as we were in London for a show. The staff are amazing from the concierge through to the cleaners but the rooms really let this hotel down as they are very small, cramped and very dated for the price you pay and the bathroom had a glass sliding door with no lock on it so you could see someone doing their business as the toilet is right beside the glass sliding door. The mattress on the bed had seen better days and rolled outwards and I found myself having to hold the wall to stop myself rolling out of bed The staff in the VQ Restaurant deserve a special mention as they are a real credit to the hotel and the food and service is 10/10. I've given this hotel a 3 star average rating but if I had to rate it separately it would be. All…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, would recommend.","I visited here in December 2013 with my partner.  Great location! Ideal to be able to get around and see the sites.   Oxford Street is a stone throw away, ideal for shopping. Amazing shopping at Christmas.  The hotel reception was very helpful with advice.  The rooms are clean and spacious.  Would defiantly recommend to stay.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb location,"Stayed for one night after theatre trip which was just round the corner from hotel so location couldn't have been better.  Slight mishap on checking in as we were given a room which on entering was already occupied, luckily occupants were not there but  all their belongings were so good job we are honest!  Given another room on second floor was which was quite small but adequate for one night.  Had tea and coffee facilities in room, no toiletries to speak of, a good sized safe and beds were comfortable.  A bit noisy late at night and early in the morning so a room on a higher floor would be better.  European breakfast in the VQ cafe was ok.  Would stay again but only as a one nighter.  We paid £117 as a couple with breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Location fantastic , breakfast fine plenty of seats . Clean but we had family room and it's really small but that was only down side . Also if I'm going be picky maybe more than one pillow a bit flat . But I would stay again when I visit next time",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Return visit,"We have returned to this hotel as its location is first class this time we visited the bar and had a pleasant few drinks after the theatre. The breakfast area is always busy but food keeps coming and there are always a table or two free. The rooms are small but as we are just spending an hour or two between afternoon out and theatre other than sleeping it is not important, no problems with noise or neighbours plenty of hot water so ideal really. Not the plushest hotel but fine, clean and a reasonable cost what's not to like.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An excellent situation to explore central London and Theatreland,"We could not fault the siting of this hotel. It's within short walking distance from Covent Garden, many theatres, Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square to name but a few.  It's literally a 3 minute walk to Tottenham Court Road Underground Station.  The hotel prices for rooms are very competitive for the area. We paid £98 for a double room which included an excellent buffet breakfast to suit Continental and English Breakfast requirements.  The rooms are not huge but they are spacious enough and all en suite.  The staff are very professional and very helpful.  There's even a 24 hour cafe on site!  There are 4 lifts to all floors.  We used it as a base to see the play Red Velvet and also the Lion King musical.  There were people there of all nationalities and ages. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great location just off Oxford Street, closed to Tottenham Court Road Station.  Check in was a bit of an arduous process, but we got there in the end.  Small rooms and a little dated but big enough for a weekend in London.  Building works outside our room were a little noisy. We chose the deal with breakfast included, the buffet had an OK selection.  Good budget hotel.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City break,"Stayed for 2 nights. The hotel itself is in a great location for shops theatres etc. Our room was extremely small but we were not in it for long periods. Only to sleep. The breakfast was very good and overall our stay was pleasurable. If you want luxury, this hotel would not be for you. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A bit like the curates egg .............. Good in parts. Use of accessibility bedroom & facilities.,"Hotel has a very good location just off Tottenham Court Road nr the Tube Station. Door staff are first class always helpful + courteous. Check in was simple .  WiFi had to be bought not free £5 per device for 24 hours. Had use of the hotels only room for disabled guests. Wet room was excellent with very powerful shower . Bed room itself was very disappointing.small with  strange shape /configuration ,  limited access to far side of the bed only a few inches from the window to bed. Main access to bed was crowded and very close to intregral dressing table, small fridge,  etc. Need for more power points especially if needing equipment charged overnight. My disability buggy had to be left in the wet room when not in use as no room in the bedroom for it. As a patron using this…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location poor room ,The hotel is in a great location straight off Oxford Street. The room was a bit drab n the bathroom was tiny. The fire alarm went off twice in the early hours of the morning so not a great night sleep. The staff were rude on checkout. ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,Loved the location and the bar next door to the hotel. Hotel itself a little old fashioned but PRICE & LOCATION win heads up. I would stay here again. Its close to everything. The Door men were really friendly too,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Really great location, 10 minutes walk into Leicester Square and less than 5 minutes to Tottenham Court Tube Station.  The hotel itself is busy, best to use the stairs at breakfast time else would be waiting some time for the lifts.  Rooms are small but clean and comfortable, could do with more teas / coffees though. Didn't stay for breakfast, went to Garfunkels next door instead. Staff very friendly, will definitely stay here again due to the location.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The hotel with great location and nice staff,"The hotel is very good located,right in the middle of London.You can walk to the shopping Oxford Street or rich in 10 to 15 minutes most Theatres.The stuff is very pleasant and efficient,expecially at the reception desk and concierge.I remember Andreas one of the all very good crew at the concierge desk.The problem are definetly small rooms.Everything else is ok.I have been in this Hotel several times before and I will definetly come beck when I visit London again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for its location only,"Booked this hotel for an overnight stay to combine with  a theatre trip.  The location is great, close to the underground at Tottenham Court Road and very easy to get to to other threatres. There are plenty of restaurants nearby.  That's it really for the good news.  We had a deluxe room, basic would be a better description, small with a no frills bathroom and low quality towels and linen. The extras came as a major surprise. I usually book a hotel with a swimming pool and chose St. Giles for its 25 metre pool.  We were amazed when we went to go for a swim to find that we had to pay £5 each for the privilege. There are no towels provided so you have to use your room towel and then dry it out afterwards if you want to use it again. Basically the swimming pool and gym are part of…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles,"Very pleasant and efficient staff, public areas were smart and clean. On arrival we found we had been give a free upgrade to an Executive room which was on the 9th floor. Great bathroom  with large walk in shower, comfy bed, very quiet but the view from  the window let it down. The food wasn't great, tasteless bolognaise for dinner and a rubbery omelette for breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Value for money, high standard, great location, friendly staff","Week end in London. St Giles was great value for money. Right in the middle of London for access to many places. Our room was clean, welcoming and a reasonable size.  Considering the location, our room was quiet and peaceful. On getting to the venue we were immediately greeted by the concierge and found from then on that all the staff were friendly and welcoming. There are restaurants on site and there is a reasonable deal if you need a snack of pizza and a drink for 7.50.  There is a ymca leisure facility attached to the hotel. The gym was massive and well equipped. There was a pool and sauna and steam room. It was a bit busy for me and I'm used to facilities being hotel guest only and therefore quiet and relaxing whereas this was a bustling facility with local people using it.…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad experience 😢,"We had an unfortunate first night, arrived late to lots and lots of people walking through reception/fighting for lifts, Zzz.  We had rooms 2 floors apart from our friends, even though we booked way in advance. Both of which we could deal with but...   To top it off, the bed in our room was stained with vomit!! Yes someone else's vomit on our supposedly fresh covers.. Eek!   I've stayed in lots of HOSTELS and I am by no means fussy but I expected much more from a £97 per night HOTEL. The manager did apologise and moved us to a different room but we really struggled to sleep after what we came across.   Note to self: stick to hotels with fresh white duvets!   Positives were; *location *staff were lovely ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and clean,"The title sums up the best points of this hotel. It's location near the junction of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road is really convenient and the room was really clean, that's about all you can say as major positives for this hotel  The pros Location Price Reception - very efficient  The cons Chargeable wifi these days Breakfast was plentiful but very low quality Housekeeping banging on your door at 09:00 to see if you'd checked out, no if I'd have checked out don't you think reception may have known. Luckily we were both up  So if you need somewhere to sleep for a night or two in a central location then check in  If you want something with atmosphere and decent food then go elsewhere",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent enough one nigh stay,"I had to find a hotel that was within my expenses range, this seemed good value.  It is well located in central London - plenty to see and do in the vicinity with plenty of pubs and eating places nearby.  Room wasn't the biggest, but still enough space, comfy bed and good shower room/en suite.  My room was very quiet for such a large hotel and where it is situated.  Breakfast was ok, a choice of English cooked as a buffet and plenty of space to settle down, even if a bit school refectory.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Stayed here with two Freinds we had the triple room which was small but clean and so convenient to the Dominian theatre as we were going to see the show there went to the bar for a drink before the show but bar staff were far more interested in the young girls sat by the bar rather than serving us  Breakfast was fine although a bit like a school canteen would I stay here again? Yes if I was going to the Dominian,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Stay ,I stayed here for 3 night. The room is small but for all the time I spent in it was great. Walking distance to all the great theatres.   Breakfast was not great. I would say skip the breakfast. I stayed in room 1131 which was on the 11th floor. It has an amazing view.   ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for basic hotel,"Extremely close to Tottenham Court tube station makes this a very desirable location, practically on Oxford Street. Fast and efficient check-in, room already available at 09:30h due to huge turn-over. There are serious downsides however: no razor outlet in bathroom (=hugely annoying: needed to buy a plug adapter); no complementary WiFi (serious problem in 2016: =reason not to come back!); only 1 towel whilst bedroom was for 2. And...mind the lift doors: they squash you seriously if you don't jump in fast enough injuring your shoulder.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,show stay,"After staying at this hotel previously I had good expectations but sadly it didn't live up to expectations the second time. Rooms were average and we had a drink in the bar where we had to share the floor space with a mouse that was running around freely. The staff there said ""what do you want us to do about it"" and was told there was a few of them and couldn't do anything about them. I am sorry but there is I'm sure.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed here for an overnight stay the room was a standard double but that's exactly what we wanted as we only planned on sleeping there, it was clean and tidy, and great value for money,  staff polite and central to everywhere definitely stay again the breakfast was good",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dull,"I recently stopped at this hotel the , the check in seamed to take some time. There were 3 people behind the desk .  *I had a signal room it was compack and far too hot so I turned down the radiator .  *Signal was not great for so I went to the front desk to ask about WiFi and was told I had to go on line and pay for it there cause a different company organized/runs it. *so back in my room I went to hang up my cloths and because of the safe in the bottom cloths can not hang straight.  * natural light there was non as built into the window was blocking it.  After return the next day the room was too cold I turned the radiator back up but there was a big draft coming from the window and it was very noises over all not a great experience",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Great central location. Amenities at your finger tips. The lower floors of the hotel can be noisy with the traffic & road works so ask for a higher floor & the gym facilities are an extra £5, but overall I would recommend the hotel",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 Night Theatre Break Treat for Partners Birthday,"We stayed at The St Giles for 2 nights on a room with Breakfast basis leaving this morning.  We checked in on Wednesday and the young lady on reception was exceptionally nice, welcoming and helpful. I had emailed ahead of our visit with a request, this request had been noted on our reservation and on arrival was carried out above and beyond my expectations... Many thanks for this to the Hotel Reception Team for this.  Our room on the 9th Floor was absolutely spotlessly clean, a comfortable bed and all the facilities we needed for our short stay including a generous amount of tea/ coffee making facilities. The Location was superb for visiting The West End... we walked comfortably to The Strand and to Shaftesbury Avenue... no need for The Tube or Taxis!  Breakfast was in the VQ…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, well placed for seeing a show.","Our son booked this hotel for us for a treat for my birthday. Room on the small size, but spotlessly clean with all that was required for an overnight stay. Kettle, tea, coffee and milk in the room, also a hair dryer. Free use of digital safe was very useful.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab location,"I stayed here for 4 nights whilst on a training course.I really cannot fault this hotel. The twin room was very clean and comfortable;not too small,and just right with a lovely bathroom.The location is absolutely perfect,a minute away from oxford Street,Sainsbury's etc etc.I would stay here again,in fact I've just booked for myself and my daughter in April. I can't recommend enough.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another fab stay,This really is a great place to stay........it is so convenient for everywhere. The staff are so helpful ........nothing is too much trouble......many thanks to Charles for returning my iPhone charger I left in December. I stay at this hotel twice a year when I come with my sister for a girlie break but this time I fetched my husband. He also was very impressed with the room. Although it was smaller than a twin room I share with my sister it was clean and had everything we needed...........thank you St Giles.........we'll see you gain soon...........,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,"The Hotel is in an excellent position, being located 2 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. The room I had 613 was a compact double, very clean and we'll equipped. The Bed was comfortable and there was a kettle, safe and hair dryer in the room (no biscuits though). Breakfast was a buffet style and the selection was very good ,cereals , fruit, full English buffet, scrambled egg but no fried eggs. The staff were friendly and pleasant and I would happily stop there again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Looks Can Be Deceiving,"Booked a last minute stay here based on a reasonable rate and awards given last year.  The hotel is a short walk from Tottenham Court Road underground and surrounded by shops, restaurants and bars and Covent Garden is a short distance by tube so it's an ideal location.  There is also a Casino directly under the hotel which can be accessed via the lobby if interested.  Upon arrival the lobby looks very grand and the staff offer a particular level of service recognised in many upscale hotels which was a good sign.  This however was the only thing grand about our stay.  The décor was very dated and worn in desperate need of a refurbishment.  The rooms are quite small compared with most hotels but come with the basic essentials needed for your stay.  There is nothing particularly…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Classic Hotel,"The Hotel reception area was lovely, Staff very helpful.  Fantastic Location for transport with lots to experience in the area. Trendy bar, serving cocktails etc with a choice of restaurant's. Our first room was upgraded to an Executive suite, but on opening the door the carpet needed a good shampoo, the view from the window, overlooked a building under renovation, and very noisy so we asked to be moved to another room that was quire sufficient... unfortunately the bathroom smelt very fusty, and the lifts took for ever......No Iron..... you have to go down to the ironing room .Lots of tea, coffee, hot choc and biscuits.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great short stop hotel,"Wife and I stayed here as it was close to our Theater and not far from Tottenham Court Road Underground station. A busy little hotel, bit like a rabbit warren inside! Our room a little small, but perfectly adequate, clean and tidy,very warm too, had the window open in February!!  Staff pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was good, again no frills, but plenty of choice. Hard to fault the place. It's no top class establishment, but I think a very well located, decent hotel and just because it's not got the flashest of tables for breakfast or maybe the room is a little smaller than some I've stayed in, then I think you have to make a value judgement. Personally I'd be happy to use the place again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel perfect for Dominion Theatre ,"Stayed here for a evening screening of The War of the Worlds at the Dominion theatre.  Hotel is literally 2 mins away and really convenient for access to rest of London and West end.  Check in was easy and staff were friendly even though the lobby seemed very busy.  Room fairly small, split into a bedroom and sitting area, I must say overall all was clean and had everything you need for a comfortable night sleep. Shower really lovely and powerful ready and woke us nicely for day ahead.  Some noise outside as road/building works were being done but never really affected us.  Will defiantly book again!",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, enjoyed the bar!","Location is excellent for central London, just round the corner from the British Museum, Oxford Street and the theatres.  I had a single room which was quite small, good sized bathroom (no door on it though, just a curtain).   After heading back to the hotel with some friends who were also staying, we went for 'one'  in the hotel bar before bed. Was a great atmosphere and not too overpriced and so ended up staying up.  Staying up was fine, but being up before I needed was not. Despite the fact I was due to check out that morning, housekeeping still felt they needed to wake me up to do the room. This is a big bug bear I'm increasingly having with hotels, you know I'm leaving so what's the point in doing the room then, you will only need to come back when I've gone again!",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,nice hotel,centra. staff excellent. rooftop view worth the extra money. Food in the restaurant was really good. Easy to get transport from nearby tube and plentiful taxis. Very good for reasonable cost. Bedrooms comfortable with good showers and facilities.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel,This is a nice hotel. Bigger than I expected when booking. I had a very small room but it was clean and tidy. The bed was comfy and the breakfast in the morning was OK. I am just on my way back for another night so it must have been fine.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre visit,Myself and my finance stayed here for 2nights. The room was small but comfortable for a short stay it was perfect. Location was ideal right beside tube station and literally on Oxford street. Breakfast was great and plenty of space we went about 9pm each day. Staff was very friendly throughout. Biggest problem was the pay to use Wi-Fi. You had to use PayPal to use it. Very poor service,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"If you want reasonably priced accommodation in the heart of London then this is the Hotel for you. Just at the top of Oxford Street with soho, Covent Garden and Leicester Square on your doorstep you really cant get much closer. Sainsbury's local over the road and numerous bars and cafes within walking distance. The Hotel was comfortable not a massive room but adequate (you don't go to London to stay in your room) we didn't have breakfast or any meals so can't comment on that. The hotel is a little noisey but it is central london and with lots of people staying you will hear them coming and going, it didn't spoil it for us. I would stay agian and would recommend especially for location.  The Hotel  would be even better if they did free WIFI.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadfully small room,Booked on business with colleagues. We all ended up with the smallest rooms imaginable....having paid full rate!  Will never stay again.  Plus side the bar attached is quite good but the bar staff are on the verge of rude!  Hotel reception staff generally disinterested.,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The best hotel for families.,"No tiene mucho glamour, pero sus precios, servicios y ubicación (en el centro de Londre) son immejorables. Fué perfecto porque podimos ir a pie a todos los sitios, a la estación de King's Cross, al Big Ben...  El restaurante no es muy bueno (sobretodo a la hora de desayunar, porque hay mucha gente y poco espacio). No obstante, lo recomiendo muchiiiisimo! PD: Es muy tranquilo.  It doesn't have much glamor, but their prices, services and location (in the city center) are excellent. It was perfect because we could walk to all sites, to King's Cross station, Big Ben ... The restaurant's not very good (especially during the breakfast time, because there are many people and not enough space). However, I highly recommend it! PS: It's very quiet",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,"Room was small but everything you need for a short stay was perfect, reception staff were all very helpful, professional and friendly, breakfast was good, plenty of choice, seated area was ample even though the hotel was very busy. The hotel is only a one minute walk from Oxford street, there is a lot of building work going on around the place but wasn't in the slightest bit annoying. I would definitely recommend the St. Giles hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Valentine's weekend,"My partner and I stayed with the St.Giles for Valentine's weekend, we arrived in the late morning and once we were checked in we were told we could leave our baggage free of charge with the concierge while our room was prepared. We had other things to attend to in the city so this was perfect.   We had come to see Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds which was at the Dominion Theatre, a literal two minutes walk away.  When we got up to our room on the third floor, we were pleasantly surprised to find a perfectly sized room for the two of us. Our room consisted of a bedroom and separate living room, and a small bathroom. The room was clean and tidy. The only downside to the room was there were no power sockets next to the beds, which meant we had to charge our phones in the living…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, good location","My boyfriend and I just stayed at St Giles for one night whilst seeing Eddie Izzard at the Palace Theatre. The hotel was in a great location and meant we were able to walk approximately 10 minutes down the road to the theatre without problems.  On arrival, although the check-in queue was quite long, there were staff at every available service point and so the queue did move quickly. Our room was not quite ready when I checked in, however we were able to wait comfortably in the nearby seating area for the Sage & Chilli restaurant just above the check-in desks. Drinks here were very reasonably priced and the menu looked extensive.  Once our room was ready, we were advised that we were on the top floor (13), which the lift did not directly go to and so in the first instance we…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location hotel,"Exceptional location. Just few metres away from Oxford Street. Very good options for public transport also just round the corner (tube and buses). A good English buffet breakfast and a very good Italian/Japanese restaurant is available The Sage and Chilli. Rooms are a bit small, but they usually are in London Hotels.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,My husband and i and brother and sister in law stayed here for 4 nights in Feb. We found that the hotel was easily located from Euston and had a great location for all the sightseeing around london. Tube station across the road. The hotel itself had all the amenities that you would need and 3 places to eat and bars. VQ the 24 hour cafe bar we found particularly useful.The staff were polite and helpful. The room was small but very clean.The only complaint i had was that the bed was small for a hotel and the lighting in the room was poor. I found that it was difficult to read and put my makeup on.Otherwise a good place to stay that was good value. Would recommend this hotel to others.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good basic central accommodation ,"Stayed here for a night just after Christmas. The room was basic and very clean although the ventilation was not good and got extremely warm very quickly, ended up having to leave the fan on all night because if we opened the window the smell of the food from the kitchen came straight in. Other than that the location of the hotel is fantastic, just minutes walk from the tube station. Concierge very helpful with booking west end tickets and taking our luggage after we had checked out. Only other disappointment was that wifi cost extra. Would return here again. ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,affordable ,"friendly and helpful staff, basic breakfast, small rooms, central location and affordable;  all in all good bang for the bucks. unfortunately I didn't find time to try to pool or training facilities...",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value,centrally located hotel.",Stayed here for a 2 night theatre break from the 9th-11th Feb.Hotel is very convenient for visiting London whether on foot or by using the nearby underground. We had a small problem with the room-this was rectified very efficiently by the manageress-Melissa I think-and we were even upgraded for our 2nd night to an executive room. All staff are friendly. The rooms are small but the breakfast is satisfactory to set you off on a day's sightseeing. I would have no hesitation using this hotel again.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"Arrived at 15.15 pm, parked my car in the underground car park (£25 for the night), The receptionist (Melissa, who was fantastic) gave us all the information we needed but went that bit further (My wife suffers from Parkinson's, and I informed Melissa that dark chocolate helps to relieve the symptoms, my wife was struggling to walk we had drove for 2 hours, I asked if there was any where I could purchase dark chocolate, Melissa excused herself then came back with a bar of dark chocolate, amazing, a big thank you. We were then told we had been up graded to a Roof Top room with views over London. On the way up in the lift we got stuck for 25 minutes, thank you Melissa for the chocolate, my wife needed it in that lift. The room was great, we went and ate in the Sage & Chilli…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean bright room,"We stayed here in December 2015 for 1 night as we were seeing a show in the west end just a short walk away.  The room we had was right at the end of the building, the entrance to the room was very small and would not be any good for getting in to if you were on the large size, staff polite and welcoming and breakfast was very tasty and plenty of it.  Although the entrance to the room was narrow to say the least once inside it was cozy.  Would stay there again if i were to go and watch another show.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too hot,Stayed here for one night and glad I did. Although the staff were friendly and the place/room clean and tidy the extra touched that people have told me about this hotel were missing. The main issue being my room was uncomfortably hot. Had to sleep with the window open which meant I could hear all the noise from outside. Also had no spoons for my tea and only one towel each for two of us! Was ok for one night but was not 5* service for me this time!,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for affordable price,We have stayed here twice now on overnight stays linked with theatre visits. The hotel is clean and staff very friendly & helpful. Rooms are on the small side but for an overnight stay they are ideal. Rooms are clean with comfortable bed and bathroom has a decent hot shower. Breakfast is excellent value for money with plenty of choice. Will definitely be staying there again next time we have an theatre trip to London.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, quaint hotel but cold showers and lukewarm breakfasts","Just round the corner from Oxford Street, the subway and the British Museum. Really central and convenient location. Staff were efficient and courteous. Nice enough room. Let down by the cold showers and the cooked breakfast buffet was also lukewarm, despite going for breakfast very early each day.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good.,"Good hotel, nice staff, close to many theatres. Oxford street just round corner. Only problem was students talking loud at 8am in morning. And fire alarm went off 4 times in 1 hour when nothing was going on. I would stay here again if we were coming to go to theatres or shopping. Overall good.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located and close to all amenities.,This hotel is centrally located and close to all amenities. Very clean and comfortable.  Public computers need to be upgraded as internet browser does not support all websites.  Introduction of free wifi in all hotel rooms should be considered in this day and age and not be subject to a daily charge.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Even worse than a Travelodge,"The staff was very friendly and the hotel was very clean.  However, the single room compares in size to a broom closet with a tiny bathroom attached to it. The biggest problem I had was the noise level. The window dampens the outside noise maybe a little bit but you can still hear every car and construction worker from the street. Same goes for the door. Even while being in the furthest room from the elevator, I could hear every footstep and voice from the hallway. All of this boils down to the worst hotel sleep I've had in years. Will definitely not stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Affordable and Clean,I stayed here for 3 nights and was very happy overall with the hotel. On arrival the computers were down and it was a bit hectic but once we got checked in it was fine. Our room was on the 6th floor and was very quiet as i was travelling with my daughter i wanted a quiet enough room. The rooms were small but very clean and perfect for what we wanted.The beds were so comfortable. It is near a tube station you are on oxford street I couldn't recommend it enough. I didn't use the restaurant or the pool because we had other activities planned. We kept our key with us as it is very busy and i didn't want to have to que each time to get the key back reception is very busy. Also Wi-fi is not offered by the hotel you must go through another company either credit card or paypal account…,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"The best thing about this hotel is obviously the location. The room was tiny, bathroom small but clean, the room itself had a few moldy spots by the window. Breakfast was ok, but basic. All in all, I would not stay here again and rather spend a few more Pounds on a better place.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and excellent value,"Stayed here for just one night, on my son's recommendation and was delighted. The hotel is a stones throw from Tottenham Court underground and also Oxford Circus, so it was a doddle to get to the various places I needed to be during my stay. Efficient busy bustling reception where we checked in quickly, we were even asked if we were happy with the third floor allocation. The room was small but very comfortable with the twin beds we'd requested (often not the case). Everything we required was there, TV, kettle, decent bathroom, comfy beds, hairdryer  plenty of towels etc. I'll definitely stay again next time in London. The price was amazing. Many thanks ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shopping trip,"This is a very decent hotel taking the central location into account. Tiny rooms like everywhere in central London, but clean and comfortable. Only complaint would be the very noisy construction work just outside, impossible to sleep through and it looks like it has will be a few years before they are done. Otherwise great",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A night in St Giles,"Have stayed in this hotel a few times and have always been happy ,this time we were in one of there rooms in the roof top ,the views over London were fantastic ,as was room / bathroom etc the receptionist was very helpful and pleasant ,he was very nice and as we came off the night sleeper train we didn't,t expect our room to be ready but it was which was fantastic at 8 am .all in all I would. Recommend St Giles to anyone going to London for a few days x",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not too bad but in need of updating,One night business trip in single room.  Mix up with payment for booking but now resolved although I had to pay to get into room even though business had agreed to pay.  Reception staff patient and polite. Delicious pasta meal in hotel restaurant - I did not expect it to be so good.  Staff were attentive and very pleasant.  Room very clean and had everything you need for a short stay.  Noisy guests nearby - not the hotels fault.  Refuse collection around 2am very noisy.  Overall I  had a reasonable nights sleep which I was not expecting. Bed very comfortable.  Some traffic noise but not intrusive. On the down side bathroom extremely small and shower cubicle tiny hot water varied in temperature. Location superb.  OK if you just need a place to sleep.,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ok, clean but fairly basic","I stayed here for one night before a business conference in London. To be fair, the location is good and the price is very reasonable compared to other hotels in central London. Check in was quick and easy and I set off to find my single room. It is a bit of a rabbit warren up stairs but I eventually found it. The corridors are quite Spartan and don't really give a welcoming feel. Even by single standards it was small. If I had had a case with me there would have been nowhere to put it.  The bathroom is really tiny and although clean had a shower with my pet hate, plastic shower curtains , which I doubt they change in between  guests and you end up wondering whose body it had stuck to previously! The sink was tiny as well. The heating was a strange arrangement in that I am…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Conference Suite,"Attended a training session here organised by work. About 5 flights of stairs - I think I counted about 50 steps? - no lift, deep underground struggling to get phone or wifi signal. Regular sound of metro passing next to us/overhead. I do not exaggerate when I say I have no idea who far below ground level we were! I know it was far! Not great. The facilities themselves were fine, but no good if you have mobility problems, a suitcase (as i had) or need to access your phone (limited signal reception with Vodafone)  or laptop. Wifi is available from the hotel but is chargeable. I don't blame the hotel rather the company for whom I work! I merely raise this if anyone is contemplating using the facilities....",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and central ,"Been here since Monday on business until Friday. Service at check pleasant friendly staff. Small double room but clean situated in the east block.Bed very comfy.  Room: First night I didn't get much sleep as people was shouting, singing and running up and down corridor outside my room. Rang reception and they dealt with it very quickly. Breakfast standard bit nice. To use the leisure facilities you pay £5 per day for a token, where there is a gym, swimming pool, sauna and steam room. Wifi is not free and quite expensive so I didn't use this I used my portable one.  Location: Excellent location to TCR tube, theatre, cinema plenty of nice restaurants, bars and shops within walking distance.  If you are looking for a central location to almost everything this is nice hotel.  ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Around London for antique markets,"Best position (Bloomsbury by the British Museum),confortable accomodation, nice staff. Close to other major attractions and museums. Perfect if combined with close-by thay restaurant (Red Lyon st, off Holborn). I know London quite well but this was one of my better choices",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Quiet Hotel Close to Theaters,"My daughter and I stayed for four nights at this hotel.  Our room was clean and quiet.  The hotel staff was helpful, and made sure we had a refrigerator in our room, as we requested.  There is a restaurant that is part of the hotel which we ate breakfast at every day.  It was delicious and on the day we left, they prepared a breakfast that we could take with us, since we were short on time.  I would stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very good Central London short stay hotel,"We stayed over night on the 8th floor looking towards the BT tower. We booked a double bed and breakfast incl. For the price of £104 we felt this was reasonable and gave us easy access for an evening show Le Miserables. Comfortable sleep. With extra room for wardrobe, dressing table and refreshment facilities.toilet and shower room very good. Also was very easy to explore London the next day. We did Madame Tussaud's a walk away or transport and the a short ride to the embankment. Breakfast was very good self service but definitely value for money. Did have other facilities but didn't have time this time.  Will use again for a short trip to London over 1/3 days",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ideal for theatre weekend,"friendly and speedy check in staff very helpfull ,rooms clean warm and comfortable a little small but ideal for short stay very good location for bars restaurants theatres and transport links bar attached to hotel allso good and not to expensive",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cant Complain.,"Just got back from London at the end of January. Once again I stayed in the St Giles Hotel. I like this hotel because of its location and the friendliness of the staff. The basic rooms are small but value for money, in a central London Hotel . Anyway this time we decided to get a taxi from Victoria coach station to the hotel 14£ quite reasonable I thought. when we got to our room I realised that I had left a piece of luggage in the taxi. I asked at reception if they could help and was told not to worry as the taxi driver would return it when he discovered it[ some chance I thought gone forever]. Imagine my surprise when reception telephoned me the next morning to say that my piece of luggage had been returned.I enquired after the taxi driver and was told that he had left no…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's all about the Location,Excellent location just round the corner from our venue 'Dominion Theatre' and Oxford Street. Received a great welcome and a nice quiet room as requested. Room on 12th floor called a premier room but was a standard room with additional fridge and a work desk. Clean but basic room with plenty tea/coffee although in shower room was shower gel only no other toiletries. We had to get 2 lifts as original lift only goes to 11th floor but worth it for no traffic noise!  Breakfast was buffet style with full English mostly. Lack of fresh fruit which I personally like. We would stay again purely for the location.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,We have stayed here on several occasions and very much like this hotel. It is central for walking to most sights and very comfortable although the rooms aren't over large but nice enough. The European breakfast is ample before a day out. The price is about average to elsewhere around. The only snag was that on our last visit the lifts did not work all the time. Also use of free safe.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect from a central London break,"Hotel located in a part of London that's perfect for shopping, theatre and Covent Garden. The room I stayed in was comfortable  but small. Ideal for sleeping in but maybe not for spending a lot of time in. No shampoos or biscuits although coffee making facilities. Quiet though so a good night's sleep. There is a spa and pool. The restaurant is small with limited menu and the breakfast is totally self service but a choice of cereal or cooked breakfast. A good base to explore London as close to underground stations,",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Exceptional service, welcoming and a very clean hotel - Thank you!","We stayed at St Giles in Jan 2016. On arrival reception staff were polite, friendly and welcoming. We stayed in an executive room and for a London hotel it was very spacious and cool. The room also had complimentary water, hairdryer, tea/coffee facilities replenished daily, bathrobe and shower gels/soaps etc, everything you need for a comfortable stay. The hotel also had a lovely collection of bars and restaurants available.  The concierge were extremely helpful and provided exceptional service. After we checked out they were happy for us to leave our bags with them for us to go into the city one last time before we left for Paddington.   The best hotel by far that I have stayed in when visiting London, I will definitely be back to stay again soon!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A 3 NIGHT STAY,Room was quite small was expecting more room than there was everything was a big squeeze  Not enough coat hangers and no draws to put cloths away even the bed was small  Would go back but I would ask for a bigger room,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,another good stay,an easy quick check-in with friendly reception staff. the rooms are small but very clean and warm with tea and coffee making facilities . a good location and very good value for a central London stay.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A GOOD HOTEL,"We stayed here for 1 night on Friday 05/02 .We had a deluxe  twin room  on the 5th floor which was spotlessly clean as was the bathroom /w/c ..Beds were comfortable, TV worked fine,there was no noise from the street or from other rooms .booking was easy checking in was fast and efficient , all the staff we met were nice and helpful. The hotel is very well situated for the many local amenities and for transport links .This is a great and inexpensive place to stay for anyone visiting London and is good value for money",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful experience but nice staff,"I stayed with business last Thursday and was welcomed in my room by what looked like lots of small little bugs, I called reception and a guy from reception came up straight away and looked at the desk and moved me to an executive suite. Although the location is good and the staff was lovely (both the guy who swapped my room and lady that checked me in was excellent) sadly the experience with the flee like bugs has put me off along with having to go 2 floors down to use the ironing board (the iron and board have seen better days) I would say pay more and go elsewhere ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Visit ,"Let's start with the positives first. Great location for a stay in London. Rooms clean with free tea and coffee. Bathroom facilities clean and    Reception staff welcoming.  Negatives we found was checking in was a nightmare and seemed to be whatever time of day. Resulting in lots of people waiting for the lifts. We had no option but to take the fire route stairs to the room on 9th floor.   Mornings you can here lots of noise from the building work opposite the hotel and emptying of the bins in the morning. Make sure you ask for a room away from the building work.   Don't leave it to late to eat in the Sage and Chilli as staff are impatient , food orders wrong, music turned off and sure the air con went up. With staff having coats and bags ready to make a quick exit.   Need to…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Let down by service,"I booked this hotel for four persons with two rooms we have stayed here several times in the past years,we found the check in very slow and labourus we had booked two rt rooms ours being ft 6 the room was not as nice/large as advertised on the web we had no chair and found our friends room better. The corridor out Side was shabby had tape on the ceiling tiles and tiles missing also the lift from the 11th to the 13th was very small and consistently failed to open on the 13th floor thus we had to use the fire escape stairs. The breakfast was small in quantity and took over a hour to arrive to which the excuse was they were having issues in the kitchen ,not very satisfactory . The rat rooms are not worth the extra money. ",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short Theatre Break,"Very good location. Close to Oxford Street and Soho. Hotel amenities all very good for the value. Hotel staff aren't very efficient and took around 30 minutes to check-in whilst around 10 guests were checked in and off to their room while we stood and watched. Was woken up at 3am with loud and raucous guests, concierge was called and sorted out quickly. VQ Bar is 24 hours and a perfect end to a night at the theatre, very reasonably priced food and drink and a very nice atmosphere on a Saturday night.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but needs a little love!!,It stayed in the St GIles back in 1996 and it was good to see nothing had changed!!  The hotel is tired and needs a little work but if your after something very central with the West End within walking distance this is a good choice for someone on a budget that simply needs a room for the night.  The rooms are small and basic but for a stop over it met my needs fine.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The only good about this hotel is a location...,"We stayed in this hotel from 30 August to 2 September ‘2015 in room 485 The check in process was relatively quick, the receptionist friendly and polite. We got complimentary wifi  Location  It’s very central in the centre of London, just a few steps from Oxford street and close to everything (restaurant, shops, etc). Location wise it’s very convenient. The hotel decor looked tired and probably needs a major revamp.  Room Our room was small with a small ensuite shower room too and with a small window. The decor is bad and need redecoration to bring it to a modern standard. The room was relatively clean.  Breakfast Breakfast rooms located in the upper floor, relatively clean and close to reception area.  We didn't enjoy having breakfast for many reasons. First, for some reason, in…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It could be better,"I stayed in this hotel a week. I booked a deluxe double room  a few months before on a specialized website for booking (not deserved to give his name). When we arrived at the hotel we found we had no reservation made and no rooms were available at that time. I was in incredible situation of being homeless, although we had proof of reservation. As no one room to the desired level for me were available than""tomorrow"" the staff at the front desk offered me two choices: spend a night at another hotel nearby (at about 250 pounds / night) or take two singles for that night in St Giles Hotel (99 pounds each). I opted for the second option. But, the single rooms were so small that when I opened the suitcase I could not go from one side to another of the room. And  we thought we could…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, noisy & cramped","Small room with lots of noise from both the road outside and the corridor. Room was very warm but opening the window was not an option due to road noise and the fan was also noisy.  Bathroom ok & everything was clean.  Apart from the coffee, breakfast was of a very poor quality.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, lovely hoyel","We got back from a weekend stay at the St Giles London a couple of days ago, having used it as a base for a theatre break in London. The check in was easy, staff were polite and friendly, and welcoming. Our room was on the 6th floor and while small, was spotless, and still enough room for 2 people to be comfortable. Bathroom was clean and bed was lovely and comfy - perfect after trekking round the city all day! Breakfast in the morning was well organised, hot and tasty, and on checking out the concierge stamped our car park ticket to ensure we had a discounted rate (car park below the hotel).  The location of the hotel was perfect and there was no need to use the tube for the whole weekend. Would definitely recommend and will be back! ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay and experience,"My partner and I turned up early to see if we could check in. We had pre booked a 2 night stay to only find that it was down for 1 night. Unfortunately my partner didn't have access to his email of pre booking .. Explained to the receptionist it was 2 nights that we had pre booked to only be told ""oh your really going to struggle for the second night"" obviously didn't have proof of email until we got home . The gentleman receptionist kindly offered us another night for the same price as first night £168 total (baring in mind we had pre booked an executive suite expecting this room only to find a poxy smelly 7th floor room with a bed just about bigger than a single with a window you couldn't open very wide a room you couldn't hardly walk round ! This was disgusting for the price…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another satisfied stay,"Good : This hotel is so close to theatre land it has to be a favourite of visitors.Clean room, simple furnishing, budget accommodation.  Poor : Outside noise intrusion, small bathrooms, very slow lifts which means queuing !! Typical hotel food ( and prices )",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible is a understatement!!!!!,"Me my Mum and a family friend arrived at the hotel yesterday afternoon and checked in for one night to do a makeup course at Illamasqua on beak street. As our train wasn't departing until 5.20pm the next day we paid 20 pounds to check out later than 11am. As we Entered the lift there was a smell of damp, the ceiling had some sort of red residue coming off it and the mirrors we're mucky! We were on the 6th floor in room 677. To start off with the corridor smelt like damp covered up with air freshener! The floor going into our room or 'bat cave' as we called it because of how small and dark it was, was wet!  The poor excuse of a window that opened about 2cm wide was a waste of time as the room was that warm no cold air was getting in.   We ended up ringing the reception to see if…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small box in the middle of the city,This hotel provided me with a catch 22 as it was very central and only walking distance from SoHo but the room was tiny! It was relatively clean which always helps but the main thing people should know before staying here is prepare for a cramped stay. If you're just looking for a place to lay your head for a few hours then this is the place for you.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overall good value and great location ,"Booked a single room, no complaints,  clean, comfy, small but perfectly acceptable bathroom.   Great location and in my opinion and experience good value for money.  I would stay again.   My room was £87 inc breakfast which considering the location and Saturday night stay is a good price!  I did not make breakfast so cannot comment on the food",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The best cost effective option in London,"Staff very kind. The receptionist, Edgar, was very kind and professional. The breakfast is very complete and the restaurant is comfortable. I recommend this hotel for those who look for a short stay in central London.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not too bad! ,"Situated in the city centre, this hotel is a strategic point to have access to shops, underground and main attraction. Unfortunately rooms are really small, different from what I saw in pictures when I was booking it and there are no courtesy gift like soap, shampoo and so on. The room had a bad smell of dust. WiFi and gym are not included in the price. ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good stay!,"Stayed here for a night during a training course, and the stay was excellent. Considering the price, I was unsure but was pleasantly surprised.   Great location to walk to any central areas, with Oxford Street a few seconds away and Covent Garden about 10 minutes walk away.   Room was quite big with a very large bathroom for a cheap hotel room. Everywhere was clean.   Other than a miscommunication regarding payment, no problems what so ever.   All staff were friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine for our short stay,"You can't fault the position of this hotel - very good!  A very good reception at check in, and directions to our room - we still managed to get lost in the rabbit warren or rooms!! Room itself was fine - clean, tidy, and hot!!  Turned heating down, as it was like a sauna!  Beds were ok, pillows left a lot to be desired, though! Didn't have breakfast, so can't comment on that. Would I stay again?  Well, yes, just for a night or two, but rooms a bit small for any longer. Needs updating, and I can't stand the wardrobes with no doors, but that's being picky!!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Back to St Giles,"Yet again stayed at the St Giles.  Comfy beds, Hudson bar and this time a great break fast in VQ.  So handy for all that the West end has to offer.  Will be coming back in March for War of the Worlds can't wait.  Just need free Wi Fi and package will be complete. Thank you for making are stay so good.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as last time,"We stayed here in July 2015 and it was a fantastic stay, however we've just come back from a five day stay and honestly I was quite disappointed. The staff were all great and check in was easy and quick, but when we got up to our room it was so small we struggled to get our cases around the bed! The walls were so thin, and the lights in the hallway weren't dimmed or turned off at night so I had light directed on me every night of our stay as there was a large gap between the door and the frame (this didn't affect the security of the door - it still locked perfectly fine, I think it was just bad design, not great for a light sleeper though). Also one morning at 9am when we were just waking up we had house keeping knocking on our door and letting themselves in! I was shocked as I…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,quick theatre visit,"every thing we needed for a couple of days,clean room,comfortable beds,helpful staff,all the breakfast you can eat with multiple choice hot or cold,restaurant up stairs and down,very reasonable,walking distance to Trafalgar square,haymarket,etc,10mins taxi to kingscross,great value all round,stay again no probs.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!,"In spite of contacting Customer Services about the appalling conditions I have yet to have a reply from the hotel having made a complaint.  The lift smelt of urine and cigarette smoke.  The shower had poor water pressure and there was no warm/hot water either.  The plug socket cover was missing a screw and therefore loose (and potentially dangerous).  The overall decor is tired and in need of refurbishment.  In spite of its central location, I would strongly advise that you do not stay in this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice staff, poor room","I agree with most people who've been recently: it's tatty but a really good location. Reception and breakfast staff were really welcoming and efficient but the small size and decor of the rooms, expensive Wi-fi, poor telly and paper thin walls make it less attractive. Breakfast was cheap and cheerful too. I was on the 12th floor which is oddly not served by the lifts but gave me a fantastic view of the shard and the city. Over-all it was fine and, for £100, not a terrible option for central London. ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Do you like mice?,"There was one in my room on the second floor. Enough said, I screamed like an idiot and shot out of there quicker than I could say 'Mickey'. See the little grey thing in the corner of the window? That's a live mouse.   Avoid this hotel.   If you're staying for business, and it's out of your hands, avoid the breakfast and go somewhere in Soho....",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
2817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms. Great breakfast ,Went there in business. Rooms to choose should be as high up the building as possible to minimise the noise off the busy roads. Small room but this is London! The shower room and loo were modern and great. The view from the ninth floor was not bad either. Very local. Just of TCR. handy for Dominion Theatre.  ,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Probably trendy and good value - in the 70's,"You can't sign anything to the room from any one of the 4 restaurants - presumably independent to the hotel? The hotel is a basic transit hotel and the rooms were very compact. I got a twin room and the general standard was good, linen was clean and there was a good tea/coffee range. Furniture was a very small desk (just room for a laptop and mouse and a cup/glass) with too many draws and cupboards crammed into a small space. Bathroom was just slightly larger than two telephone kiosks - and that included the shower! Door didn't open fully and you couldn't stand at the sink for a shave without it digging in your back - close it and the mirror fogged up in seconds. The building was circa 1960/1970 and the doors/passageways/lifts showed their age. OK for a one nighter but you…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location the strong point.,"Stayed in a twin room at the St Giles, the room was clean but the bathroom shower head was really gross. So much lime scale just couldn't fancy using it. The room was adequately sized but a bit claustrophobic with only a small window, but quiet. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good choice wise but the hot food was lukewarm and the toast just warm bread! The breakfast room was very basic but there was plenty to eat. The location of the hotel is excellent, close to shops, tubes and buses with a good coffee shop on the corner. Paid £123 for the night but that's London!",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and value ,"This was my second stay at st Giles. This time I was on my own and had booked a single room with breakfast. I had a room on the 2nd floor.  No problem at all with the room. Single comfy bed, tv, tea and coffee, hairdryer and small bathroom with shower. Nice buffet breakfast, just the usual fried options - bacon very tasty. A few more sweet options would have been nice...only croissants available. Staff all lovely. Would recommend for location to the west end, shopping, Covent Garden etc. Close to underground too. Will definitely be back next time I visit London. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant budget central London hotel,"Reality check proper central London £100, it's never going to be the ritz, however it's 3 min walk from tube, 15 min walk to the strand, it's compact but adequate, not fancy but very clean, it's cheap and cheerful and I would defiantly stay there again. Bathroom again adequate. Bed and pillows comfy Breakfast all you can eat was £9.99 each and not the best quality but was ok.  All in all a very good experience would recommend",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value hotel,This is the 3rd time I have stayed here. Rooms are comfortable. Bathroom needed upgrading. Downside is once again they are still using blankets - so old fashion and not comfortable. Breakfast is great as cooked fresh and for a budget hotel the selection is good....,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Standard Rooms,Perfect Location","I booked this hotel for a weekend theatre break to see the Lion King.After arriving at Euston we took the tube to Tottenham Court Road,the hotel is 30 seconds away.It is a great location for Oxford Street and the West End.There are quite a few places to eat around the hotel. The check in was straight forward James on reception was very nice.The rooms are tiny but I think you have to expect that in the centre of London.We went in the 24 hour restaurant just for a drink the service was fine.Also I was given a book of vouchers that included 10 percent off another stay. I had a good nights sleep didnt find it too noisy however the room did smell a little musty and the carpet could have been a bit cleaner.Bathroom was fine. I would recommend this hotel due to ts great location and…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews, Excellent! ,"Very friendly and helpful stuff,  a perfect location!The rooms are not big,  but very clean and have everything you really need. I have stayed here three times and was never disappointed.  Will definitely come back! ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Central London location,"Stayed here for second time. A great location on major bus and Tube lines. Great for West End, major shopping in Oxford Street, Regents Street and Coventry Garden. Right on the edge of theatre land and the West End for every variety of Restaurant. Good rates and hotel facilities - certainly value for money.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,best option in london,"we stayed two nights in an executive room, and we loved every aspect of our stay.   the location is amazing. right off tottenham ct rd, one minute away from british museum, and right off oxford street, in the middle of the city, all attractions and bars nearby, we could walk or take a bus to any sight.   the staff is absolutely great, helpful at all times. special thanks to front desk and vq restaurant crew.   the room was decently sized as well as the bathroom (great shower btw), spotlessly clean, and really comfortable. penthouse in level 13th with amazing views over the city.   next time i come to london i doubt i will look for a different accommodation. st giles had everything we needed for a perfect stay in london.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel!,"i felt i had to review this hotel as some of the othet reviews paint a bad picture of this place.  First of all the location was fantastic, the hotel its self was very clean and we didnt think the rooms where dated as other people say... We honestly could not knock this place, i have stayed in nicer hotels in london but paid well over the odds. This hotel ticks all the boxes and at a very fair price.  if i go back to london i will certainally be staying here again.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does the trick,"Great location near Oxford street and all other major shopping streets. Our room was large and spacious with a modern bathroom but did not include tea or coffee making facilities. The breakfast is very average in a dimly lit dining hall. Very little variety and the fruit was awful. No free Wifi is available. There is no gym but luckily the hotel is attached to a very large and well equipped YMCA. You need to buy a token from reception (5 pounds) to get in. Staff were helpful and friendly. Overall, we were pleased. ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and perfect location.,"Really good value for money, great location for picadily and Leicester Square, rooms are average but the value for money is all to do with location. Couldn't be better situated. However, Rachael on reception was rude and ignorant, should really learn to lighten up, if you can't work with the public then don't. Get a milk round, you can deliver the milk and be gone before anyone knows you've been. A bit like batman.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,The Hotel was clean and tidy with a good valued English Breakfast which set us up for the day The staff were very pleasent and helpful The Hotel is well situated and is in walking distance for shopping in Oxford street Regent Street & Covent Gardens as well as the theatresin the West End  ,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,the one hotel to trust,"I always stay there when visiting London. great location and affordable prices, I would recommend it to anyone wanting to stay central at a good price. tottenham court rd tube station is just around the corner. I've never had breakfast there, but I'm sure it's fantastic.  ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel for shopping trip,"A very central located hotel, right next to Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road Underground station. This gives you excellent mobility as well as closeness to the fantastic shopping on Oxford Street.  The hotel is clean and has nothing which we can complain about. The rooms are very small, so if you're visiting London and plan on spending a lot of time in the hotel room, this is NOT the hotel for you. Our sole purpose for the travel was for shopping and dining, and some cultural experiences so we basically only used the hotel room for sleeping, so our demands weren't very high :).  The staff in the hotel are very friendly and helps you with almost whatever.   The beds are okay. I've experienced both MUCH better and MUCH, MUCH worse than this hotel. For a budget hotel, it's…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel for University students with low expectations,"The photos on the website misrepresent the rooms. The room was very claustrophobic, with only a single narrow window looking out onto the building opposite. It was a small cubicle style room with low-budget furniture. We had to pay extra to upgrade to a Roof Top room, which had more windows and space, but definitely no ""executive"" feel. There was no room service, which was very inconvenient after a long travel, especially with a child. We had to eat in the hotel restaurant/bar which was very loud and cold and inappropriate for a child. Only on Sunday you have to pay for your luggage to be held after check-out. Will definitely not return, as quite disappointed.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location thats all,"Unable to shower as dirty. Very small room so thankful I only stayed one night.  Blind handle broken so unable to close. Bed was comfortable for which was saving grace.  Plenty of choice for breakfast, however, the cooked section was just that very cooked.  Thankfully as this was my first visit to London I only really spent sleeping time in the hotel. My children all saved to give me his treat as a gift therefore did not complain.  However will not return and advise others to spend their hard earned money elsewhere.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Military operation,"This large central budget hotel is spotlessly clean, offers comfy beds, nice showers and everything you need for a break in In the city. Breakfasts are highly organised, and in spite of serving over 700 covers we did not have to wait long to reach the self service buffet. Plenty of choices of either full English or continental. We enjoyed the hot breakfast and everything was very nice. The concierge service was excellent and you can leave your cases for a small charge of £1 ( Sunday's only) everything is well rehearsed here and it runs like clockwork. There are ice machines, vending machines and Internet at a very reasonable rate. It's not luxurious but it is top end budget where the staff are friendly, polite and actually say 'good morning' and sound like they mean it. Well…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine for one night,"The St. Giles Central London was fine for one night. I needed a central, just off the Piccadilly line hotel near the place I was staying for business before I check in, and this did the job.   As you'll see from other reviews, rooms are smaller, but the double isn't bad. Shower and bathroom are tight but for one person, it was enough space. For two, it would be snug. Water pressure was great, and the beds were comfortable.  The hotel is close to the Underground, but it is connected to a casino, and if the hotel is booked up, the elevators can be a nightmare. If you're on a lower floor, just take the stairs. Also, the rooms are cold and very drafty. I was surprised how cold it was in the room, and no heat to control to warm it up. That was a dealbreaker for me, especially…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base to explore form,My fiance and I stayed here for 2 nights. Everything is as you expect...rooms are maybe a bit on the small side but are clean and well presented. Food is good and staff very helpful....we will be staying again!,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"Booked a standard room and it was so small and the bed was really uncomfortable. The shower leaked into the room and it smelled damp. We had to upgrade to a better room, which they still charged us for and although the room was good and a great view, the hotel was very basic and would not go there again. ",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central hotel - very close to everything,Stayed here for 2 nights. Had booked directly with the hotel. They indicated a price per night for the room incl. breakfast and VAT. When we checked in it turned out that the price was different for the second night so in total the price was GBP 69 higher than expected. It even said on our key-card that the price was GBP xx per night - but that was not correct. SO - make sure you check the price in advance. We felt so cheated - and was not compensated at all.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"EXCELLENT LOCATION FOR THEATRES, FOOD AND SHOPPING","Quite literally around the corner from the West End for theatres, bars and eateries, and very close to Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road.  The room was basic but served its purpose amply. The breakfast was very good with lots of choice. The staff were polite and professional.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Executive suite??,"My girlfriend and myself stayed here in December.   The location of the hotel was perfect for our visit, close to night life and tube stations and even though it was central our room was very quiet.  The hotel looks great as you enter and the staff are very helpful and efficient.  However, we were only able to book an executive suite as we left it late to book. Oh well, £150 per night with breakfast included, it must be an impressive room. Wrong!  There was nothing executive about this room. It had everything that you needed and the bed was comfortable bit that's it.   The bathroom was tiny and had a glass door, so if you wanted privacy whilst you do what comes natural then you're out of luck.   Like I said, it had the necessities but nothing extra. Not what I would class as…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, location and prices","Visiting London for Thriller live show.  Hotel excellent for price with breakfast £105.00 . Location couldn't be better, 2 tubes 3 stops from Kings cross- just off the end of Oxford St. 2 minute walk to Tottenham Court Rd tube stn. 1 minute walk to Dominion theatre, 20 minute walk to Lyric theatre in Shaftesbury Avenue. Choice of breakfast not buffet style food and service excellent. Room lovely size. Bathroom good size, shampoo,  shower gel provided.  Lots of fluffy towels. Extremely clean - would return again for central London visiting.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Dormitory Hotel,"Third visit to St Giles over a 10 year period, and nothing much has changed.   Our room (545) was very small, but had just been refurbished, and had all that you needed. We looked out over a busy building site, with a view of the BT Tower. Fortunately, the builders didn't have a night shift, but started bright and early at about 7am. Overall, the hotel looks well maintained and very clean. We stayed 3 nights, and our room was always extremely well serviced and spotlessly clean. Staff were friendly and efficient, although some of the Concierges were a little 'stuffy'. The location of St Giles is it's best selling point, being close to the Dominion Theatre on the junction of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. For London, prices are very reasonable, with great deals to be…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never in my life have I seen this,"I've stayed in some dodgy budget places but never in my life have I paid £85 for a room which has the wash basin inside the enclosed shower cubicle. Hilarity ensued as I tried to wash my hair and shave my legs in the shower. Injury also ensued ... Less funny. I am a UK size 14 dress. If you are any bigger, I wouldn't expect you would fit in the shower.   I expected the room to be compact given the price in such a good location.  But this is ridiculous and I would hope it's against health and safety/ building regs??!  There was a constant noise as if you are sleeping in a lift shaft. Frankly, maybe I should do that next time!  Shame, because the bed was comfy.   I stayed in room 1232",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing location, brilliant hotel.","Stayed at the St Giles for 1 night in January with my partner and were taken back by the value for money.  Location: Situated in the heart of London. 10 minute walk to Oxford Street, with local shops and even a cinema on the same road as the hotel. Great access to the tube stations with the nearest being 2 mins away. Hotel: Hotel appears older from outside, however is appealing on the inside and the staff are very welcoming, giving us early check in. Many restraunts in the hotel, looked very nice however did not go to them. We went to the casino in the evening and staff were also very nice there. Room: We were in a room on the 10th floor at the end and were taken back by the quality for money. We had a twin room with very comfy beds with a tv on the wall infront and open…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Room looks like the inside of a mouldy shed.,"Discoloured carpets, cramped, hasn't been decorated in last 20 years, rubbish bed, wobbly electrical sockets. It's cheap and in a great location, but you get what you pay for (a s***hole). I now have to make this up to 200 characters lalalala.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location,"Came back today from a three day midweek break in London staying at the St Giles hotel in Bedford Ave.Got to say the hotel is in a brilliant location literally 2 minutes walk from Oxford Street and Tottenham court road tube. The rooms are adequate if a little dated and could possibly use brightening up a bit. Beds are very comfy and the room is very clean and breakfast is a very nice buffet style service offering a traditional English 'Fry up' to fruit, cereals and croissants. Hotel staff are very helpful and friendly and the hotel offers a discount booklet for several restaurants. All in all I'd return to this hotel as a nice place to stay close to the heart of London",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"By far the best hotel in have stayed in. People may think it's a bit pricey however I believe the price to be worth it. Extremely comfortable rooms,  excellent facilities, and a fantastic location Only downside is I think the wifi should be free.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Look elsewhere,"We stayed here for my husbands birthday and found the location great for everything you would need in London.  The room was clean but very compact and stuffy, the bed was a very small double and the shower wasn't a much better size. Only one of the plugs worked in the room so we had to take it in turns to charge our phones and there isn't free wi-if as stated. (It's £5 per night).I used a card for the reservation which I was told would not be charged until the stay. I have never stayed at a hotel which you pay for until you check out so I presumed I would be charged the following morning. Upon checkout the lady on the reservation desk had charged the card I made the reservation with rather than the one I wanted to pay with she did this on our arrival at the hotel without even…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's great! Don't expect the ritz! ,"A Theatre trip always calls for a overnight stay as we live in Warwickshire, so I love to try a different hotel every time, well at least until I find my favourite and then I will stay loyal. This wasn't my favourite BUT it was very satisfactory.  Bear in mind that this is £101 for a double room with breakfast! In London, that close the the theatre distant is VERY good value for money. The room was nice and cosy with a quirky bathroom (no bath), a more than satisfactory sleep-room. Don't book this hotel if you intend on relaxing in the hotel room. The breakfast is great, with an hot English buffet and cereal/croissants if you require. From 6.30 to 10.30 you can gorge on this good food until you burst.  Excellent value for money, no negatives really apart from stay away from the…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Santa's  present to Rowan,"My daughter Rowan got a trip to London and a voucher to the Build A Bear Workshop in London from Santa. We traveled out on Friday 08 Jan. From the time we landed everything was absolutely brilliant! We stayed at the St. Giles Bedford Aveneue. as previously reviewed, great location walking distance from everywhere we wanted to go. Room was basic but spotless and the staff were really helpful and friendly. We visited Hamleys toy shop which was definitely above and beyond any expectation! Once again the staff made sure my girl had a magical experience. We rambled around the theater district and Covent Garden stopped for coffee in Carnaby Street. Saw Buckingham Palace. I was really impressed with the overall helpfulness and friendliness of people in London and would highly recommend…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hidden charges every where!,"As far as the hotel goes it's alright, a decent price for the location. But what they advertise isn't necessarily what you get. The lobster bar which is a completely different restaurant and currently being renovated so is shut. The cafe bar is part of the building and not the hotel. Then there is all this amazing gym facility which they fail to tell you as hotel guests you have to pay £5 per person per day. There's a lot of hidden cost with this hotel but they love to advertise them without any price incling. Then there's the hotel wifi, who today still charges for Internet access. No matter what room you book you still get charged. So a cheap hotel soon turns into a more expensive hotel that you was comparing it with before you booked. I wouldn't stay here again but that's my…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location, not the biggest of rooms but only really sleeping/showering there. Staff helpful,Good price considering location. Convenient for Oxford street, soho, Leicester Square, Covent Garden etc all can be done walking from here ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average for price,It's alright for a London hotel for the price you pay. We stayed here for our work Christmas party in central London and the price was quite good per room as we booked in advance and are used to paying £150+ for rooms in central London. The hotel is a bit dated but not too bad for just an overnight - I wouldn't advise tourists to London staying here for a holiday though. One of our guests had her handbag stolen from the hotel bar which wasn't the hotels fault per say and they were very helpful in assisting with cctv and changing rooms. I'd happily pay a bit more to stay somewhere just a bit nicer.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Well-priced, conveniently located hotel","A really well-priced hotel in a very convenient location.  Stayed with group of friends and it suited our needs perfectly.  The VQ coffee bar was superb, and a great place to enjoy brunch, lunch or just a coffee.  It would almost certainly be great for breakfast as well but we had an inclusive hotel rate – the buffet-style breakfast in the hotel was a bit of a busy affair, but the food was surprisingly good with plenty of choice.  We used Hudson’s House on the ground floor for an evening meal and everyone enjoyed the experience, including the wonderful cocktails.  A short walk from the Piccadilly Circus area and theatres and also to the top of Oxford Street, so a very convenient spot for a lot of different activities.  Special mention to the staff at the Concierge desk – luggage…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,wasn't worth what I paid,"I took my wife here for a surprise but it was me that was surprised, I paid for an executive room which all that meant was you get a view over the area, the room was smaller than I expected but I must say the shower room was nice. they are 4 restaurants based there but only 2 were open. where you have your breakfast it a is 24 hour bar, they were revelers still drinking when we went down for our morning cuppa, and we had a problem making them understand what we wanted, the first photo is the result of asking for beans on toast . the hotel is in a good position but I've stayed in a lot better for the money ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top Location,"Very good position located just off Oxford Street, the hotel is nice I was there few days and I have no complains. Rooms are very small but if you need only to sleep and visit the city is enough. There is a bar always open and the hotel is linked via a door to a Casino just in case you wish to recover the expenses od your trip by gambling :)",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good licstion,"Stayed at this hotel a few times due to its great location.  10 mins walk to Covent Garden and underground right on your doorstep.  Unfortunately the bar was shut for refurb when we were there and I think the hotel is starting to look very tired decor wise, compared to other hotels in area of same price bracket ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Back Again,"3rd time here and its still great, For what you pay its in a very good spot, walking distance to many sites, Bars are great and are priced well, rooms small but very clean, staff very good and helpful, Back end of Feb and looking forward to it.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small yet great location,"St. Giles is my favorite hotel in London since the location is simply outstanding with SoHo and Leicester Square and all the majors shows and play just a breath away.  However, the room was extra small this time around and the breakfast was not a very good one but still a great place to stay.  There is a hidden jewel within the compound and that is the restaurant Lobster Kitchen..........to die for :)",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location,"very clean.good breakfast.staffs were ver very good.fast check-in.quick check-out.just beside the tube station.walking distance to Soho for action.Few steps from Oxford Street.Good restaurants nearby.will come back,definitely.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We spent here two nights and everything was good. The room was quiet and big. We shopped all the time, no more time to be in a room. Really great location for christmas shopping. Lots of restaurants, bars and cafes around.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Building site view,"Having stayed here before and enjoyed the stay I had no hesitation in booking again.However,this time my room was looking out over a very noisy building site,which operated right throughout the day.Location,on the other hand is ideal for Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street.Would probably stay in the future if allocated a room away from the building site side of the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab location,"Stayed here for new year was on 9th floor with a view of the London eye. We had a twin and a double room next to each other both rooms very clean, bathrooms lovely and fresh overall a really good hotel we didn't find it small we thought that for London and its location a fab little find staff were fantastic and had a good time in hudsons great atmosphere, would definitely return .",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The place to be!,"I'm back from the Saint Giles Hotel after 4 days spent in London! The location is perfect, close to Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Road Underground, Soho and many other great places! My room was very nice, well decorated, clean with an awesome view on the London Eye! The staff is very welcoming and nice, always to up to help! There's also a bar and a casino, really good places if you like gambling or just having a drink.. Well, I really recommend this hotel! Definitely a good place;-)",None,5.0
2866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a weekend theatre break,"We were really happy with the level of service at this hotel.  Booking in was quick and easy.  There was a slight misunderstanding with the name the room had been booked under, however the receptionist dealt with it quickly and professionally. As mentioned by others, our room (126) was small but it was equipped with everything necessary to ensure we had a comfortable stay and was really warm.  Tea and coffee was topped up, the bathroom was cleaned and the bed was made whilst we were out.  The location is perfect for visiting the West End, China Town and Soho with good links to the rest of London from the nearby tube station (Tottenham Court Road).  We found that we could walk wherever we wanted to visit.  We took in the sights along the South Bank and all the nearby tourist…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location otherwise very disappointing,"Have just returned from a 3 night stay at the St.Giles Hotel.  On a positive note this hotel is in a prime location.  It was clean and I found all the staff to be pleasant and helpful.  Unfortunately, our room was minute.  I am mindful that all rooms are small, but our room was exceptionally small.  The room we were allocated could not really be described as a double room and we could barely move around.  The description would be more accurate to state that it was the size of a reasonable single bedroom.  We had a very small shower and it was fortunate that neither my husband, or myself are of large build, otherwise the shower would have been a problem.   It was acknowledged by staff that our room was 'particularly small' and we had the offer of a move the following day.    It…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London theatre stay,Stayed on Saturday 2nd Jan For a theatre visit  Hotel was clean easy to find (very close to the station) great food comfy bed a superb deal for 1 night stay. Good staff and great service. Would stay there again  Close to all theatres and good restaurants  Ideal location for sight seeing,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Return visit,"Firstly this is not a glitzy West End Hotel but for me it scores highly on the following. 1..Clean 2..Location 3..Price. I paid £89 for a small twin room with comfortable beds and a small clean shower room, which I feel is exceptional value considering the Hotels location. As I said in my previous review don't expect the Ritz and you will not be disappointed!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"Very good location, very standard hotel. The rooms and all facilities were all clean, well kept and services well priced. Ideal as a place to sleep but definitely convenience over character, I would recommend as was value for money.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms great location,"This hotel was in a fantastic location for us. We were visiting the dominion theatre which was only 2 mins walk away. Everywhere we wanted to visited was within walking distance- regent street, china town, soho, Oxford Circus.  The hotel rooms were however tiny!! Now I mean rabbit hutch! The first room I did ask to be moved as I was getting claustrophobic!! The staff moved us to a slightly bigger room but they did say all standard rooms were small. They do have small window too so can be dark. But rooms were clean and we had private bathroom with bath and shower.  As said the location for the west end is perfect.  There is also a casinos attached to the hotel. Friendly staff and an enjoyable evening we had there.  Good points: location, casino, clean, friendly staff, hotel bar,…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a bad place.,"Stayed here for one night over the new year and it did the job, the staff seemed very professional and quick to respond when we had a minor problem. Would stay here again if needing a hotel in London also has 3 bars/restaurants in house plus a casino",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Sadly, This Hotel Has Seen Better Days","I first stayed at the St.Giles about 15 years ago.  Back then, it was a budget hotel ideally located for first time tourists who wanted to be close to West End sights.  Today, it's still ideally located for that purpose.  Unfortunately, not much has been done to maintain the property.  I remember from 15 years ago that the rooms on the upper floors took a while for hot water to get through the pipes (I mean like about 3 minutes of running the shower before you could get in).  Nothing has changed in the ensuing 15 years to correct that issue (yes, I did mention it to the hotel management back then).  Upon arrival, the staff apologized in advance that there was a major water pipe break above the lobby and the water damage had affected the elevators, as such only two of the four…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Spot on location...mediocre room.,"I booked this hotel as a convenient place to stay the night before an early morning meeting. I arrived late and left early so literally only used it as a place to sleep.   Starting with the location...quite frankly it was excellent. A split second walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and minutes away from theatre land on foot. Maybe not the leafiest or prettiest of locations but certainly central.   The hotel itself was fairly clean but dated and parts weren't in the best state of repair. The room - a single at £88 - was small but clean. The bathroom was a reasonable size. There was a (very) small desk, hair dryer, kettle and safe and enough storage for one person. My main issue was the lack of curtains. There were only Venetian blinds which let in light in he morning.…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Stayed for a second time at the St Giles and it was another great stay. Rooms a not big but we used them to sleep in and were out all day. The hotel is right next to Oxford St, Soho, Covent Garden are all easy walking distance. Hotel bar is very well priced and cheaper than some of the bars around, make sure you ask for a discount book at check in you get 25% off beer and food so if you open a tab at the bar for beers only you get the 25% off the bill. A cab to or from the Euston station is just over £5 so no need to mess about with tubes etc. We had breakfast and wished we had it both mornings and again 25% off. I would recommend this hotel to anybody and will be back very soon.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"My husband and I have just come back from a 3 night stay.  Very close to tube and west end shows etc.  Staff are extremely helpful and pleasant.  I have stayed here once before just for a night in a standard twin but 'up-graded' to a Double, Executive room this time.  Must admit I was disappointed with regards to the size of the room but we basically were using it as a base. One thing that is good with booking an Executive room is you get a complimentary breakfast (buffet breakfast costs £10.00 per person per night) this was served in the VQ room so no waiting or queuing. I booked direct with the hotel and if I hadn't spoken to them would not have known - don't even think it is mentioned on their website and definately not on the price comparison hotel sites or if would apply if…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location!,"The hotel wasn't really up to date, iT was Old! I've never seen such small rooms in My life. But on the other hand was the room very clean, and the hotel itself is located perfectly for citytrippers. If you don't mind the lack of comfort and you want a Well located place to stay? This hotel is perfect!",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
2878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, Bad quality.","The St Giles is in a great location and has an impressive lobby and reception area. However, the quality of our room was abysmal. The room was cramped, dark and claustrophobic with a small window, there was mould in our wardrobe, the electrics shorted and broke my straighteners and the fan in the bathroom was broken. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Good London Hotel,Stayed here a few times. Never found a fault in the rooms. Staff we speak to are friendly and helpful. Would recommend you get a room closer to the ground floor as the lifts can become extremely busy in the mornings and you find yourself using the stairs.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"Stayed here for 2 nights, rooms very small, bathroom too! Shower just about use able, I am 6ft 4 and it was a tight squeeze! The worst thing was that there was no air conditioning in the hotel, even in December this was needed!",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Always does the job!!!!:-),"Great location at a reasonable price ! Nice comfortable room , clean and comfortable. When I need a central London hotel I always look here first .Ive stayed here many times and it offers all you need at a reasonable price.Everything is on your doorstep !What more could you need :-)",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City trip,"Room was a standard twin room, simple but had everything needed. The whole day in the city, it was good to come back too. Breakfast was simple but good enough. Thought of using the swimming pool but needed to pay. Best thing is the nearby shopping street (Oxford Street and Regent Street) and just 300m tube station away from the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant location, great priced hotel","This hotel is right near the Tottenham Road Tube Station, which is very handy, it is also only a 10 min walk to Leicester Square. Very handy for if you are returning  late to the hotel after the tubes have closed. We often walk back at night. I have stayed here several times over the past few years and every time I have checked in early a  room has always been ready. The rooms are always clean with nice comfy beds, a big bonus. While they are small, they are big enough not to worry about it especially if you wont be spending much time in your room. For a small extra fee we have often upgraded to a delux room where you get a little extra room thru an archway, this has a tv in  it as well as one in  the bedroom, also a counter with the hairdryer and mirror and chair, plus another…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Sensibly Priced Choice,Sensibly priced hotels in the West End aren't easy to find.So finding this one is a bonus. It's just off the Tottenham Court Road end of Oxford Street and so is not just close to shopping in Oxford Street but is also just a short walk to the British Museum and Soho(although in the opposite direction of course to going to the museum).The tube is minutes away so access to all London is simple on the underground.Location therefore is excellent. The hotel itself is modern.Check-in and check-out were painless. The room was a decent size for London and was clean and reasonably furnished.The shower room was small but again was clean and toiletries and towels fine.The lighting could have been better though(I think I managed to shave but probably missed a few places in the shadows!) We…,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Views,This hotel is in a great location near to Piccadilly Circus.  The room was fairly small as you would expect from a London hotel but very clean with fantastic views over London as I was on the 9th floor.  This also meant it was fairly quiet and I could leave the window open to let fresh air in. The breakfast was really good and great value for money.  The restaurant where you eat breakfast is a bit like a dining hall with lots of people milling around but the whole think was perfect for our visit.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St. Giles, ideal for a London city trip","We stayed here in December 2015, one weekend before Christmas. Ideally located, Oxford street and the underground station Tottenham Court Road, as well as numerous bus stops, are just around the corner. Soho is a ten minute walk. We had booked a comfort room on the 9th floor with a nice view. I don't know how the ""normal"" rooms are but we were content. Breakfast was included and served in a nice diner-like place. I can only say one negative thing about the hotel: free WiFi is not available. Come on guys, we're in the 21st century.....",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, can be a bit noisy at night","Stayed here a couple of times while in London. Great location for the West End and a reasonable price, sometimes including theatre tickets. Couple of small gripes, the noise can be really annoying, it goes on most of the night. May be better to ask for a rear of the hotel bedroom or make sure you pack some good earplugs. second gripe, the room we had was so hot even with the thermostat turned down to its lowest. So had to have the window open all night which made the noise even noisier. Other than that, this is a great hotel, great location, lovely breakfast and good service.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary trip,"My wife and myself chose this hotel in a theatre and stay package to celebrate our 25th Anniversary check in was quick and efficient after parking our car in the underground car park below the hotel (beware if you use your Sat Nav to find the car park it will get confused with all the one way systems ) go straight to the hotel they will direct you to the car park entrance don't worry that it says £40 for 24 hours you have to get your ticket stamped and you get a discount to £25 our room was small but ample with a double bed, side cabinet,tv on the wall, small cupboard, seat and table, radiator, kettle and tea making facilities,and a cute bathroom with a shower and a window with a view of the outside road, bed was comfortable enough but the noise from the main road outside kept…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissappointing,"For a four star hotel in Central London, I was disappointed to find a very small, cold room with unsafe windows (which on the fourth floor open fully outwards), and a light switch which took me half an hour to find. The bed was hard (but that is only down to my preference). The only redeeming feature was the breakfast, yet the eating area was very small and filled up very quickly.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money and handy location,"I often have to stay in and around Covent Garden and I'd not come across this place before. Considering I paid less that £100 for a executive double in December have to say it was great value for money. Check in was very efficient. Although the bedroom was small for a double I was on my own so it didn't matter, smallish but adequate bathroom and nice suite area with 2 TVs! Only gripe I had which to be fair wasn't the fault of the hotel, but there is currently a lot of construction next door and it was extremely noisy first thing in the morning which woke me up! Didn't have breakfast so can't comment. Overall good value for money and I will return ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good, budget hotel in central London","St Giles is a good budget hotel the location is close to Tottenham Road underground and shops and even has a car park under the hotel, great location for the British museum and other attractions, the rooms are small but perfectly adequate and clean,mother food is also adequate, with many eateries in easy walking distance of the hotel",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Yearly London trip,"Good value, right next to west end Forget the moaners. It's great value. Accept that it's not like your house and perspective dawns!! You only sleep there!! Been 3 times and every time I've arrived 10am ish room has been available to drop bag. If not they will store.  Recommend highly. Save yourself 50-100 per night. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London weekend,"I have stayed in this hotel on many occasions, the great thing about it is the location. It is very near to Tottenham Court underground station at the east end of Oxford Street. You can walk to virtually all the major London theatres and attractions from the hotel or use the London transport system.  Breakfast has choice of cereal, yoghurts, croissants plus bacon scrambled eggs sausages etc. The hot food I find isn't particularly hot but they are catering for a large amount of people. The rooms are small but if you just want somewhere to sleep at the end of the day they are OK. Since staying here some improvements have been seen by the addition of a fan (no air con) and a safe. Being in the centre of London there can be some traffic noise (mainly horns and sirens), although in…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not the best,"The room was like a travelodge but half the size very average breakfast was ok but bacon was cold plastic spoons ,I hate to say it but I won't return in a hurry all you can say it did the job ,nothing more nothing less ,I even had trouble trying to find a member of staff who spoke english .................",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location and good value,"The hotel could do with a re vamp as its dated and in need of new carpet and paint , but otherwise the staff were helpful , and the room I was in was clean and quiet . I didnt eat there except for the bar called Hudsons which was good value and theres a ton of local coffee shops and restarurants in the area. The hotel is right beside the tube station and in the heart of Oxford st and Theatreland ,   Covent Garden and Leicester square.   Just a walk to the British Museum. Its a great location for seeing the sights and visiting the theatre .     For a cheap hotel right in the middle of London its good value.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok!,"Stayed here for my second time & I haven't changed my opinion.... Breakfast is great, so much choice.  The hotel bar is very vibrant & fun, lots of locals seemed to be using it, which make the atmosphere more fun. I never dined in the restaurants, however I had s nosey & there is lots of choice, prob worth s try.   Now the room is another story, small, tired and felt like I was staying in my grans spare room, very out dated.   My only other gripe is WIFI, I paid £390 to stay here in twin room in my own, I know being London you pay for location over quality, however I think in this day & age (specially in a 700 bedroomed hotel) WIFI should be free? There was a charge of you wanted to have WIFI access in your room, I'm sure you could use the wifi in the lobby / bar for free, I'm…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Price may be good, but nothing else was!","They had a pipe burst the morning I was to check in yet never said a word when I called to check in early.  Got there and was told they couldn't hold my luggage and wouldn't even know for hours if they would have a room available.  Called 4 hrs later and was still told the same.  That evening they did find me a room, one so small I could barely turn around in, for full price.  You also have to pay for Internet.  The next day, they were tearing out carpet in the lobby and I couldn't get to my room until around 10 pm.  The day I was checking out, the elevators weren't working and the smell of mildew was everywhere!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs work,"4th time here, almost cheap for this part of London,stayed at better for less nearby, only plus there's plenty of choice around it to eat and get out , the menu is limited in the hotel, Hudson bar is attached and a better choice for food but is not part of the hotel.the rooms are very small for the price , they are cleaner and bigger the higher up you go",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Central Location,"We stayed here whilst on a weekend visit to London it gave us a good central location to work from. We were only around the corner from Tottenham Court road station but many other attractions were in reasonably close walking distance. We didn't use the facilities much, my father and I tried the breakfast and is was alright not much to write home about. But if you want to shop and visits Theatreland its a great location",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely rooms - good value for money,"I stayed three time in five weeks while in a training course. Rooms are ao clean, everything provided - they are hot but I used the fan provided. Beds are really comfortable. Quite noisy is windows open but I closed the window and had the fan on. Restaurants downstairs are fantastic. Great food and good prices.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good for a three star,always stay here when my sister and i come to london. we go to london every august and they have a special deal on if you stay 3 nights including a sunday. Its clean and conveniently located. would recommend. ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean Hotel and a good base for shopping and theatres,My husband and I recently stayed at the St Giles for a weekend away in London. Overall we found the hotel room clean (although there was a sock behind the sofa and I had to hunt down a toilet roll as there wasn't one in the bathroom) and fairly spacious. The bed was comfy however the pillows were a waste if time they went totally flat as soon as you lay on them. We paid for a deluxe room and it had a small bedroom and a separate living room. Although this was nice I am not sure whether we would have had more space in the standard room because we could just about get up the side of the bed.  Our room was on the seventh floor and faced out onto Tottenham Court road and was surprisingly quiet inside.  The Dominion Theatre was approximately one minute walk from the hotel and Oxford…,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"nice , excellent location",location location location ! excellent location near oxford street and the tube station. Nice hotel and nice staff. The single room was too small and they asked for extra payment for a lager one. Good breakfast,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"We have just returned from a weekend in London and stayed at St Giles for one night.  The staff were excellent from check-in to departure.  We were worried about the room after reading the reviews but need not of been. we had an executive double room on the 9th Floor it was spacious enough and comfortable, very clean and excellent bathroom facilities with toiletries and a bathrobe.  Mini fridge had bottles of water in (Handy after a drink or two).  Breakfast was complimentary in the VQ Restaurant in the morning again the staff were friendly and efficient and the Full English was lovely,  No hesitation in staying here again. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,a good place to stay,we found this hotel very good for everything position amenities and staff the only drawback our room was so hot even with the window open and not so big.The  meals are really good though as are the staff we will stay again,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Compact double room,Booked this hotel more for location for a meal out with friends in Covent Garden. Only 15-20 mins walk away. The room and bathroom was compact but not unexpected for London. The linen was crisp and clean but room showed a little wear. Obviosly there are newer and older sections of the building. A bit noisy overnight with traffic and party revellers in the street. Reception good. Breakfast a bit canteenish in style but a good choice.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"We've just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel,couldn't really fault anything.The staff were very helpful and although the double room was small and compact it was spotless.The location is fantastic, just off oxford st with plenty of eateries nearby.Would definitely stay again and would recommend to friends.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Central Location....for the Misical Elf,"Xmas party night in London with works crowd for the show Elf (100m from the hotel at the Dominion on Tottenham Court Road). The hotel is close by the Underground stop (that has recently re-opened) and so easy. Also a short cab ride from the main stations (we had Northern Folk join us).  Rooms very clean and mid range.   The Hudsons bar gets busy with an early evening set, but nice vide.  Late night dinning in VQ (try the burger)...we were in there at 2am and it was half full.  Nice spot, the location makes it ideal, Very functional hotel. What us lacks in décor and charm it more than makes up with its 'functionaltiy'...Merry Xmas",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Go for double,"Cracked it ,last time I stayed I reported the smallest single room I have stopped in ,this time booked a double room for the same price and it was so much better.big place so wait for lift can be an issue but the location and price make up for it.if you are looking for a romantic place this ain't it but for a bloke overnight fine",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great value for money,"I generally stop here when down on business, great location of Tottenham Court Rd, the tube is 2 minute walk away. The rooms are fine with everything you need. Not to be regarded as plush but would be fine for a short to medium stay. There is a decent bar downstairs, I haven't eaten here but the food coming out looks good. Also attached to the hotel is a casino and gym, never been but the hotel is good enough without them.  circa. in £100 a night in London does not get you much but here you get a well located decent room.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The hotel is in a great location just off Oxford Street and really handy for the West End. My room was adequate although small which is expected in all Central London budget hotels.   My room was on the 10th floor and I had no problems with the lifts etc and there were plenty of staff around to assist.   What was disappointing was the fact that in my room 1036 house keeping for reasons only known to them had decided to keep the dirty used tea tray, cups etc in the bottom draws. Whilst i did not need the use of a draw, dirty and used cups etc was a bit of a out off. Had I found these when I checked in then I would have done something about it.  The food at breakfast is one of the worst I have ever experienced, dry and rubber like toast, bacon which you cannot eat and egg which is…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny room--no bathtub,"I stayed here for three nights.   It is affordable and in the heart of the West End.  I had no problem having my confirmation confirmed, so check-in took all of five minutes.  Describing my room as postage-stamp size would be no exaggeration.  Although clean, my room was tiny. A larger person would have trouble feeling comfortable in the room. It really had the feel of being a closet.  The bed was somewhat comfortable.  All the fixtures in the bathroom were small. No tub to soak in after a long plane ride or busy day exploring London.  The shower measured about 2 ft. by 2 ft.   A larger person would have trouble fitting in the shower. If you have mobility issues, this hotel will present a challenge.  The check-in counter is several steps above the entry.  The breakfast room…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"I was booked into this hotel prior to attending a meeting in Bloomsbury. The location is good on a quiet street between Bloomsbury and Fitzrovia with a good choice of nearby restaurants (in addition to those in the  hotel itself). Reception staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. The standard room was small as was the bathroom but adequate for one person for one night. It was very quiet, a bonus in this part of the city. There was an extensive breakfast buffet (continental and English). The main downside was that wifi is available only at a charge which is increasingly unusual for similar hotels. This hotel is good value for an overnight stay in this part of a London.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We booked this hotel on recommendation from friends and were not dissapointed. The check in was quick and,polite. Our room was 351 on the corner overlooking the area which is being developed, l can see that some guests may find this noisy but we found as long as you kept the window shut it was fine. Our room was very nice, it was only a double bed and not a king size but we were happy with it, it was clean and had everything we needed for a 2 night stay. I have seen some negative comments re shower curtains but our bathroom had a walk in power shower with a glass cubicle, it was only a standard room, our friends were also happy with their rooms. We found the breakfast to be very good, hot things were hot, there was sausages, bacon, tomatoes, hash browns beans, toast, fresh…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,We just come back from a night away in london to see Nina conti We stayed at this hotel as it was a reasonable price for the night. Rooms are a little smaller than they look on internet but very clean and OK for a couple of nights. Many restaurants and shops around and the hotel gives you a booklet for discounts on meals on restaurants attached to the hotel. Staff are really friendly and if you need a taxi the doorman will flag one down for you. We wanted to go into london the day we came out of the hotel but had our bag we would have had to carry around but if you ask they will store your bag free of charge so you can go back for it. They include breakfast and the breakfast is lovely ranging from a full English breakfast to cereals fruit croissants ect. I would definitely…,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Christmas Shopping Trip,"Booked two executive rooms  with breakfast for Saturday night, at this well located hotel, our accommodation being rooms 764, 775. The size and appointment of the rooms could be any more different. Room 764 being the far larger space, comfortable chair and with a walk in shower, 775 was just like a standard room.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful,  hotel lifts seemed to be a little slow to respond to calling being on the 7 floor  and over sixty walking up and down not an options.  The central location of this hotel would be the only reason I would book again.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good,"We stayed here last week for 2nights and what a fantastic location.Yes the rooms are small,but it's only needed to lay your head at night.it was immaculately clean,the staff were really friendly and helpful.breakfast was good,yes you have to wait but a great choice of things to eat.we were able to leave our luggage with reception on our last day as our train wasn't until the evening,lifts were always running so all in all it was great,thankyou St Giles we wouldn't hesitate on using you again",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic hotel ,Stayed at this hotel last week with work. Very very basic. Room was a double but it was tiny. Decor dated. Bathroom was ok. I wouldn't choose to stay here again. Pricey considering the state of the place. Took an age for the lift to arrive. When checking out I was in a hurry to catch a train and I ended up lugging my case down the concrete stairs. I didn't eat at the hotel so I can't comment on the restaurant and food ,Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No smiles at St Giles,"London have it all and make you so happy that you might ""survive"" the St Giles Hotel. The only good thing with the hotel is the location but thats it. Next to the hotel is a large construction site beginning to work early in the morning even on a saturday. The noise makes it impossible to sleep. I guess that goes for the year to come. After the brutal wake-up you try to enter an elevator. Average waiting time is 10 minutes. Then you enter the breakfast room. The hotel have (I guess) 500 rooms and ONE SINGLE LINE for picking what ever you like to eat. Now it is not fun anymore. Time for WiFi. And that is expensive, not free. So, choose any other hotel, cannot be worse.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,DO NOT stay in room 185!!!!! ,"Visited the first weekend in December to go to Winter Wonderland with friends.   The hotel looks lovely from the outside and on entering reception.   I have never stayed in any hotel and had worse sleep! Walking up to room 185 the carpets are stained which automatically makes you question what your walking too, right at the end of the corridor you reach  room 185, on opening the door it absolutely wreaked of sewage, an eggy drain smell - not nice at all.   The room was dark and dingy, with hardly any light. Granted the bedding and appearance was clean but it was so dull. The bathroom was not clean, there was muck in the corners by the shower and the shower curtain could pass for being about 30 years old, white? I think not.   The room was freezing on entering, and there was a…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Its all about location folks,Its a stones throw from Tottenham Court Rd tube and right on top of Oxford St and minutes to Charlotte st and Covent garden Yes its a bit dated and we chose a superior room which was fine for an overnighter For longer stays shop around though as I wouldnt want to stay longer as i prefer smaller boutique style places Car park is just around the corner under the YMCA and pre book online for a good deal Also avoid the breakfast and use one of the many places nearby My fave is Chez Mamie in Hanway Place just across the Tottenham Court rd with Boots on the corner Charming Parisien style cafe and a wirld away from all the kerfuffle Night time many bars and restauaranrs especially Charlotte St and off Museum street so dont be lazy and explore ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Makes Fawlty Towers look like The Ritz.,"You need to know how VERY BAD this 3 star ?? Hotel is. I unfortunately booked in for 10 days in October 2015. My first day there I lay on the bed and I can honestly say it felt like sitting on a bed of nails. When I complained early in the evening I was told several new mattresses were delivered to the Hotel some days earlier, now I know why, and that they would change it the next day for me as the maintenance staff were gone home. Not acceptable. So my first night was sleeping on a bed of nails. The carpet in the room was smelly and disgusting with many stains on it. The only place to hang up my clothes was on a bar about 2 feet wide so 1 bulky coat and the space was full. There was no air in the tiny room and the window could only open about 20 ins. I would hate to have stayed…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"Great location & did the job for 1 overnight stay. Concierge friendly and helpful but thats about it for positives. Room was old fashioned & felt musty. Shower curtain too small so water sprayed round both sides soaking the bathroom. Bottom window handle broken so couldnt open, top only opened an inch & had extraction units outside. Breakfast room felt like a youth hostel. I didnt try the other two bars/restaurants but they did seem busy enough!",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mid week getaway,"My friend and I stayed at this hotel  I had reservations due to some of the negative reviews. May I say that they were totally unfounded. From check in to leaving we found that the reception staff were excellent. Room comfy and spotlessly clean. Breakfast, self service enjoyable. The consiege keep our cases for a day after check out until we left London. A great, hotel, central to the west end and china town, a wonderful find. The rooms may be small, but perfectly adiquate. At the end of the day, you are in London !!!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,NIce enough hotel but the penny pinching spoils it.,"find it hard to believe in this day and age that any hotel still charges extra for basic essentials. Internet access is no longer a luxury but a basic requirement for all travellers and should be included in the room price, not charged extra at £5 a day. I was also disappointed to be charged by the Concierge for storing our bags after check out. Only £1 per bag but I have never paid for this in any other hotel I have stayed in",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Going Downhill,"I have visited this hotel about 10 times so know what to expect. Booked online and requested a couple of things as it was a special occasion.  These were totally ignored so why ask guests to do this. The room was the smallest I have ever seen and overlooked a dirty, noisy, smelly  backstreet, even though I was told I would be able to see Big Ben from the window. I doubt even a contortionist could see Big Ben from my window.    Facilities were sadly lacking and the towels were paper thin with no pile on them, maid forgot to leave clean ones so when we returned very late after a long day out I had to ring for towels. These were brought up swiftly I might add. The biggest no no in this technological age is the fact there is no free wi if anywhere in the hotel. So despite using this…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Great Location","I generally use this Hotel whenever I go to London.  It is very conveniently placed at the botton of Oxford Street and within walking to Tottenham Court Tube Station and Dominion Theater as well closed to Covent Garden, Soho ect. The rooms are small but it is London and most hotel rooms are. There is also traffic noise but it is not on a busy road and so noise level is minimal. The breakfast is good and has a good selection of Hot and Cold foods.  The bar attached to the hotel is called Hudsons and it is really lovely it has a great atmosphere and is generally buzzing at lunch time and especially in the evenings.  There is also a large Gym and Spa attached which I believe you can use for a fee, although I never have.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Have been in better London Hotels,"Staff very pleasant, service at reception efficient and quick. Rooms small, bathroom even smaller, if  you want to wash your feet in the shower while sitting on the toilet it's perfect. Breakfast was described as European, well it looked and tasted disgusting, so bad I ate else where on my second day. They seriously need to sort this out it has let the whole Hotel down. A lot of work going on around the hotel, which is ok if don't want to lay in. You may also get woken by other guests closing their room doors, I was it sounded like they were in my room!",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly located,Second time I have stayed. The rooms are small but perfectly formed. We stay as it is so close to the tube and easy access to our destinations. Staff are very helpful and friendly. Very little noise seems to come through the wall from other rooms.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing given the location,"I stayed at this hotel for a week. My biggest complaint by far is the size of the room. The hotel was built with very strange, triangular edges. My room (single standard) was in one of the corners - it was the smallest hotel room I've ever been into. I have travelled to various major cities in Europe, and hotels close to a financial centre typically have small rooms, but this one was extremely small. I wanted to lay my luggage flat on the floor, then I couldn't the door leading to the corridor. My room was also facing a construction site, so every morning at 7am I was woken up by the sound of heavy machinery.  In addition the 'hotel' amenities are not administered by the hotel, so there is a charge to use them. The breakfast hall is dark and gloomy in the morning - very…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I usually don't complain. I pretty much like wherever we go, but not this time. I don't mind small if it's clean, neat and up to date.   Pros; There is an ice machine.  And the location is perfect. Right near Soho/theatre district. All in walking distance and the tube is nearby. Great pubs and eateries all over the place.  Cons; Very small.  No place to put your luggage and only one spot for a suitcase, so we have to take turns pulling the suitcase out to get clothes.  Carpeting throughout is old and dirty. Facet leaks. The shower is so small that the shower curtain sticks to you when you turn around. (No, I'm not very big) Towels are small and thin. Sheets, blankets and comforters all look like they are from another era.  Very noisy when the windows are open, but if you keep…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and overall good hotel ,"We stayed here for one night to watch a theatre show at the dominion theatre which was a two minute walk if that! Which was brilliant.  When we arrived the lady was quite helpful but not overly friendly but it's a big hotel. The concierge and door people were very friendly and helped a lot with our friend who had her guide dog with her.  We were given our rooms on the first floor, the rooms are sort of hard to find although it's sign posted rather well it's quite hard to find your room as the hotel is so large.  The door to our room was rather narrow but the room it's self was nice, we had a deluxe twin which gave us a small living room inbetween the bedroom and bathroom this would of been handier if we were staying longer but it was nice to have extra space.  The room was clean…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So noisy and hot but very clean,"Great location a two minute walk from Tottenham Court Road station.  Slow check-in but staff friendly enough. Good concierge service. The bedrooms are small, as are the bathrooms but I couldn't fault the cleanliness which is the main thing.  The room was hot so we had to have the window open.....which overlooked a building site where work started at 6am.  The breakfast was good.  Take ear plugs ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel location to enjoy London,"We were the 4 of us this weekend to enjoy Christmas shopping and Christmas lighting in London. When I'm in London on a business trip I usually stay at the St Giles. And this time , even for a weekend with friends we stayed there. So nice: the location of the hotel: so close from Oxford Streer, Leicetser square and Covent Garden for shopping. And so close from Soho and Carnaby Street to enjoy lunch, dinner or to share a drink. Nice and very clean room. For breakfast I warmly recommend the VQ Bloomsbury: so great food and the team of waiters so attentive to meet your expectations!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,weekend visit,"We arrived at 3pm and were given our keys immediately.  We were on the 5th floor, the room itself  was small, with twin beds, wardrobe and a television  on the wall. The bathroom also was small but had a decent shower. The room was clean and although  the bed was comfortable  it did tend to tilt to one side.For 2 nights it was adequate.  We weren't  keen on having to queue for breakfast,  but once who had it, the breakfast was lovely and well cooked. We found it strange that one of the restaurants  didnt open at weekends.Must stress this hotel has a fabulous  position just off Oxford street.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,sizeist!,bad points: the smallest room we have ever experienced in London - probably 8' x 10' with a double bed in. had to take turns moving around and using wardrobe!  tiny side window with venetian blinds only - so light creeps in.we paid just under £100 without breakfast - hopefully if you pay more you get a better room - but we have had much better rooms for similar price in other hotels. but absolute worst thing was the internal noise issue.  walls must be paper thin and there was a gap under the door. every conversation in the hallway made you feel people were in the room with you.  plus points: location - we walked everywhere easily. round the corner for the dominion theatre and the quiet end of oxford street.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location and friendly welcoming staff,"Jdeal location for theater land and really convenient for walking to attractions and shopping. Room smallish but usual for London but a little tired and shower room adequate but not luxury. However, that is all outweighed by the perfect position, the welcoming and cheerful staff and the convenience of three excellent restaurants catering for most tastes on site and again staffed by friendly attentive and well trained people who obviously enjoy their work and go that little bit further to make your visit a pleasure. Would stay again and excellent value for money.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We must have been lucky!!,"Very suprised about the negative reviews, we have had a good experience this weekend. Check-in, good, Lifts to room, poor, Room very good, we did not eat at the hotel so we cannot comment. We found the staff very friendly and helpful, we find if you are polite to people they are quite often good to you!  The location of the hotel is brilliant and close to Oxford Street which my wife tells me is good ?(I hate shopping or crowds)",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Suited us,"I was a bit worried after reading the reviews however was pleasantly surprised. We paid £117 for a double room including breakfast. Check in was fast and efficient, we were on the 6th floor so headed for the lift. Straight in the lift none of the queue's other people have posted about. Got to the room and to be honest was suprprised by its size. Dont get me wrong it wasn't massive but had a double bed, a large window, a tv, tea and coffee making and a great shower in the bathroom. It was clean and comfortable and perfect for the one night we were there.  I dont know what people expect. I wouldn't be happy if I have paid £200 + but for the money we paid for a bed for the night it was better than expected.  My only complaint the room was very hot - not a problem, we opened the…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location.,Booked a one night stay this weekend. The hotel is in a perfect location for Oxford Street and the theatres. Our room was small but we didn't need much. Issue with the shower curtain not actually keeping the water in the shower!! Also condensation in the room causing the socket to be wet!! Breakfast wasn't up to much so wouldn't bother with it next time. ,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Me and my friend having a few days shopping and other stuff,The hotel was good the room was clean and tidy the food was lovely the service was good the hotel is centre for everything we have just got back yesterday's we will be co I go back the same time next week so we will be looking to see you price just want to know if you have some were I can thank the bar staff because I know it is not run by hotel thank you email is lorvin@fsmail my friend book it,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful break,"Stayed over last night in a deluxe double room on 7th floor. Room was separated into a small living room area, compact sleeping area and separate shower room. It was clean and comfortable. The hotel as a whole was great!! Perfect location and speedy check in. There are 4 restaurants - we ate last night and this morn in VQ - staff friendly, food good and not ridiculously priced (massively recommend the omelettes). Hudson's bar is nice for wine and noticed a good selection of ales and lager also.   What is a nice touch is that on arrival you receive a little book of vouchers to use in the restaurants / casino.  We really enjoyed Our stay and although rooms aren't spectacular we feel it is more than worth the money for its location, hotel facilities and staff friendliness. We'll…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid at all costs!,"I'm not normally negative about anything and I always try and find positives in every review I write. Unfortunately I can't think of anything nice to say about this place, oh wait it was clean, but that's the best I can do. Please note there is a construction site opposite the hotel which use jack hammers all day, if that wasn't bad enough, you could grow old waiting for the lifts and the rooms are so small Stuart little would have struggled. if you are a heavy sleeper or an insomniac this might be the place for you , if not book somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Terrible, what a shame","Forget the very small room, the hotel is in terrible shape. We were told there was a water leak and they waited for parts to fix the lifts (only two worked). This excuse however does not answer for the pealing of paint and the ugly stains in the carpets. You either buy wifi or use free wifi only in the restaurant, when it is open and when you eat or drink there. It does have location as a tick but sorry, it is a horrible stay. ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but poor quality breakfast,"This hotel was well situated for a central position in London. The breakfast however was poor quality. The bacon was like cardboard, there was no fried eggs available and it was more like having breakfast during rush hour than in a hotel. The single bedrooms are very small but clean. My advice would be to wait until there is a good rate on offer then book room only and take breakfast round the corner where there are two nice cafes who do morning breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,what a disappointment,"we arrived at st. giles hotel after traveling all night -two flights and a taxi ride later, only to find out that the hotel water pipes broke and we were not allowed access to the hotel. they refused to cancel our booking or assist us get another room at another hotel. They only offered to keep our suitcases and told us to return in two hours. We got back after two hours and they gave us a room. The  majority of elevators were out of order  and we had to wait 5-8 minutes each time we wanted to get to our room on the 6th floor. The hotel smelled weird and the services provided were minimal. The breakfast was served at a cafe next door and was not good. I would rate it 5/10. The staff at the hotel was indifferent. The staff at the cafe was friendly and caring. The only friendly …",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"After reading such mixed reviews I was a little anxious  about what to expect. I booked a deluxe twin room as I had read about the small bedrooms.  My friend and I were both very pleased with the room which had a separate area with a desk, dressing table table and an extra television! The room and bathroom were clean and certainly not shabby. The hotel is in a great location being only a few minutes walk to Tottenham Court Road tube.  I think it was really good value and wouldn't  hesitate to stay there again,",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,"The hotel is efficient and very well located. You have to bear in mind that behind the golden reception lies the former old  brutalist concrete YMCA and the standard rooms ( many hundreds ) can be very pokey and a bit institutional .But you have time to make new friends during the unavoidable lift waits. And it is very safe and clean. The trick is to splash out on an executive room. Good views, more room, decent bathrooms and breakfast in the corner diner included. Much less expensive than elsewhere. The staff cope admirably. The posher rooms are something of a hidden secret - or at least they were.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All You need...,"For tourists The St. Giles is perfect...the location is central and an easy walk to theatres and Picadilly Circus, Oxford Street Shopping, and tourists attractions...Pretty much at the juction of Oxford St. and Charring Cross Road you are straight down to Covent Garden. I travelled solo so my single room was not large but that's not unusual for London...the room was light oak panneled, black marble bathroom, single bed, safe, flat screen T.V. comfortable and all I could need...I had a lot of luggage so it was not possible to leave it open but I managed...There is a large buffet for breakfast with a huge selection and full English Breakfast, eggs, back bacon, tomatoe, mushroom, pototoes...toast etc. juice, coffee...due to a sudden leak only two of the four elevators were working…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very poor quality,"This hotel is very poor quality. Don't be fooled by the lobby and bar (which is pretty much a pick-up joint) The rooms are tiny, crumby and not very clean. The location is excellent but that does not make up for the depressing rooms. I would never stay there again!",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not very nice,"I arrived late after a work dinner. The hotel is easy to find and close to Oxford St. Staff at reception were pleasant, but the lifts were a shambles, two out of four not working! My room was on a higher floor and small. It felt grimy.  The bed was comfortable and I slept well. Breakfast was awful, the room was greasy and how anyone can make scrambled eggs taste so bad I just don't know. ",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"We had difficulty in booking a London hotel. we generally stay in Islington, but costs were prohibitive. This is a budget hotel so we upgraded to a deluxe room which was small but included a separate living area, two televisions and a fridge. still cheaper than Islington!  Location was excellent. We didn't order breakfast. There are loads of eateries nearby, and a multitude of restaurants within walking distance. Rooms were clean but basic, and towels scanty, only two lifts operating, but otherwise excellent value for money. We will be back.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I have never seen a smaller room,"The only good thing about this hotel is its location - two blocks away from the British museum and Oxford Str. However, when it comes to the hotel itself there is not much good to say about. I stayed in a sigle room which was the smallest I've ever seen. There was no hire driyer and the window didn't close. As there are construction works just across the street and the hotel itself is situated in a busy area, the noise was constant day and night. In addition only two lifts out of six are in service, so you have to use the fire exits or queue every time you go in or out your room. As a whole, this was the worst hotel i've stayed in London. I also find it highly overprized for what it offers.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convient location,"The best point about the St. Giles is its location.  Tottenham Court Tube station is just around the corner.   I was in London for theatre and shopping and this hotel fitted my needs perfectly.  Oxford Street stores, as well as many tourist attractions, restaurants and most theatres are within easy walking distance.   The hotel is large and impersonal.  It caters to all age groups.  Often there is a wait at reception even though there may be 3 or 4 receptionists on duty.  The rooms are small but quiet and functional.  There are a couple of restaurants in the hotel.  The breakfast area is large and well maintained and there was never any problem finding a table.  Wi-Fi is not free and starts at £5 for a 24-hour period. At this moment, there is a huge construction project just…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,one night stay,"rooms are clean but small ok for a one night stay did not have breakfast, very busy hotel lifts are very slow, but overall a good hotel in good placement for domian theatre.Close to china town for meals underground very close too.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but that's it,"Recently stayed here for a work party. £120 for a double room no bigger than a normal bathroom. Appreciate you pay a premium for location but for the money this was awful value. Very dated decor, you have to pay for wifi, awful breakfast. The bed was comfy and bathroom had been modernised but that's all it had going for it. One of the lifts wasn't working and there was a rediculous queue for the working ones. Walked to the 7th floor to find out they hadn't set my room card properly. Need to take some of their rediculous profit and re-invest in this place",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a 3 stars hotel,"The only hotel where you had to pay for wi fi. U could pay to use the computers downstairs...they didn´t work the hotel looks like a mace, the carpets are stained and the bed is UNCONFORTABLE !!! only hotel that didn´t include breakfast and thou the lobbie is nice the room is dark, small and has a TINY window....  We´ve been to over 7 hotels and loved them all...except...this   good location thou",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Go for the RT,"St.Giles Hotel is low-cost in principle, and the last time I stayed there - many years ago, but that hasn't changed - I stayed in a shoebox. The room was suffocatingly small and I have only quite mediocre memories about it. This time, as finding a reasonably priced hotel in London on short notice is impossible, I ended up with an offer at St.Giles through booking.com, where I could have an executive room with breakfast at a mere 142 pounds - which, believe it or not is a bargain. And even though it had its fancy category added to it, my expectations were quite modest. But, I must say that I was stunned when finally entering the room on the so-called RT ( for Roof Terrace ) which is in fact the 13th and top floor of the building. The room was spacious and nicely decorated with a…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin - OK if you get a good price,"It is what it says – a good budget base in Central London right by Tottenham Court Road Station and close to all the major attractions.  Small room, decent enough for the price, not the most comfortable bed.  Wouldn’t be my first choice for a personal stay by any means, but this was a work trip on a budget and it did the job.  Breakfast was just OK but not as good as it could be.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,disappointing,"We had been out in the city all day , thought we would go to the hotel to get freshened up for the evening we arrived at 6pm unfortunately. Our room was still not ready there had been a flood a week before so that obviously caused a lot of disruption. However while we do have sympathy it does not make up for the fact the lifts only went up and was pure pot luck if they stoped on your floor on the way down which they didnt, the room was not very good very small very cramped ,in all dissapointing can not see us going back.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girls on Tour,"Stayed here for 1 nt whilst going to see Miss Saigon.We were able to walk to the theatre.  Great location for theatres and shopping. Rooms clean and comfy, breakfast satisfactory. Excellent location for underground station and bus stops, places to eat and drink. would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,God for the night,"Stayed here at the end of October. the hotel is nice and the location is perfect for shopping, the tube and attractions within London.   Rooms are ok. They can be quite small and they need a serious update! The room had a weird smell in it when we arrived but they had just had a flood so not sure if it was that. I don't think the room we had was worth £100 per night.   if your looking for just a bed while in London then this hotel is for you.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very pro but minuses as well - mind the breakfast!,"Spend 5 days in the executive suite. The room was excellent and always very clean. I did like the facilities but must say that I think it's very poor that Wifi isn´t included when you pay over 900 pounds for five nights. I've been to 6 pounds-a night- camping grounds that had Wifi included!!!   Two out of four elevators were broken. In the days I spent there I didn't see any repairment team working on this, which I think is very strange. It's a large hotel, 12 floors (in my floor there were 76 rooms!) so you had to wait a long time in most cases for the elevators. Luckily I have the health to walk the stairs but that isn't the case with everyone.  I was very disappointed with the breakfast. There is no buffet, you have to choose one thing to eat from a special breakfast menu. I…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Long climb up and down fire escape !,"Hotel OK ? Pity about the 1am evacuation of the premises due to the water pipes bursting and spending 2 and a half hours in the street at minus one degree ??? Hotel staff could have given more details as to what was going on instead of their ""silence"". Maybe this was a hard luck story.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very average hotel,"This hotel is in a great location, but it's not cheap.  At their Sage & Chili Restaurant, I had the ""Chef's Recommendation"" Nasi Lemak, which was poor. I couldn't taste any coconut in the coconut rice and the rest of it was just a collection of items on the plate. There were also some communication issues with the waitress! The fishcake starter was very nice though.  Breakfast was good, with a decent selection.  The room was recently refurbished and very clean, but was situated above an air extractor, so was a bit noisy.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel central to London,"Have stayed here four time nows. Room excellent with separate sitting area, desk and two TV's overlooking Tottenham Court Road. Room and ensuite immaculately clean. Excellent bar facilities, breakfast, both food and service excellent. Concierge extremely helpful. Will definitely book again when next in London.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value,Second time here. Great value for money. Does what it says on the can. The rooms are clean and well appointed if slighty small. Would/will stay again. Very close to everything excellent for theatre land etc.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good bed but needs updating ,Stayed here for 2 days. Yes the hotel needs updating and pulling out of the 70's and yes the lifts are broke/slow/might as well not exist but I can't deny those beds are incredibly comfy. I slept better than I do at home!   I also recommend you avoid the sausages at breakfast. Smart price taste better than those. Wifi also isn't free. It's quite expensive. ,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just say no......,"Fifth floor in the east tower smelled like smoke and musty murky mould.  The bathroom had mould all over the shower curtain and ceiling above the shower. I should have brought shower shoes!  The room smelled very strange, almost like a new carpet smell, but you couldn't open the windows enough to let it out. My eyes and nose burned from the smell.....  Scratchy sheets and very scratchy duvet.  Old mattress with body impressions all over it! Pillows the same.  Like sleeping at my grandma's 75 year old tin roof house in Alabama!   I couldn't make coffee as the kettle was not working...... Don't get me going about the non-working lifts or the hard smaller than any other towels.....  Breakfast..... I decided not even to try it and went to pret instead...   Just trust me.... Stay…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,The location of hotel is perfect for Oxford Street and Theatre land no need for the tube as everything in walking distance so saving money on tube. Breakfast was basic and more like a canteen but food was ok. We would stop again for our shopping trips       ,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel ,"St Giles hotel was a lovely hotel that I stayed in the end of October, situated at the end of Oxford Street & central to other tourist attractions! As long as you don't mind walking a bit! When I visited they had signs saying that they were recovering from a flood but if the signs weren't there I wouldn't have known as the place was spotless apart from 2 out of the 4 lifts out of order due to this! The room was nice with a bedroom & separate dressing area which had a pull down bed if needed & the buffet style breakfast was also really good, there are ironing rooms within this hotel & hairdryer's in the room so no need to pack these items either!  Only 1 thing I wasn't happy about was 1 of the restaurants that is within the hotel was doing a Sunday lunch deal including a drink up…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rugby World Cup 2015 worst accommodation experience ,"We were booked into the hotel by SA Rugby Travel. From the start we experienced the service poor and slow. The double bedroom is definitely not adequate for two people. One very small wardrobe, three shelves cupboard. To add to injury we were woken up by the smoke alarm one morning at around 01 : 00.  We were left standing in the cold for more than two hours. It was two watertanks on top of the roof that burst. After most of the water were sucked out, the electricity was compromised. For the rest of our stay lifts were not working properly. The afternoon after the incident all the carpets on our floor, also in the room was wet. Hotel room keys didn't work properly. On our second last day the whole foyer was in shambles. Still they were booking people in. The hotel is suppose to…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a great central location,"This is a perfectly good hotel if you want to spend one or two nights slap bang in the West End of London, 2 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station, short walking distance to all the best shopping along Regent Street, Oxford Street and Soho just round the corner.  Single room I had was tiny but spotlessly clean, bathroom functional and clean with soap gels provided, towels and bedding crisp and clean. Yes, as other reviewers have stated the hotel's public areas/lifts(elevators) and rooms are dated, tired and in need of updating and renovation, though it is still a perfectly serviceable and adequate for purpose hotel and the price reflects this.  Considering its central location and the facilities it provides, it is good value for money  and one you would be hard…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic and cramped,This hotel seems a little in disarray after a recent flood.  The staff are polite though seem very busy and as though there isn't quite enough of them.  The rooms are clean and comfortable though very small and cramped.   Location is good.,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"Good for Tottenham Court Road station. ..check in quick helpful receptionist.  Only two lifts working due to a flood.  So took a while to get to and from your floor.  I chose a twin room this time and the layout felt roomier than a double.  Comfy bed...tea coffee makings, hair dryer and room safe.  Towels were a bit old and stiff.  Small bathroom but adequate.  Breakfast was like a school canteen and busy after 8am.  It tasted greasy and that taste was with me for the remainder of the day.  On the whole an adequate basic hotel in a great location.  ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Time for renovations,"The hotel is big and during my stay two out of 4 lifts were out of order - for three days!  This caused a long waiting time for the lifts.  Rooms are small, and a bit out of date.  WIFI not included. However the positive notes are good rates and location. I have stayed at the hotel often before, but will go for another hotel next time.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I stayed in this hotel last week with my partner and some friends. It is in a great location, 2 mins from Tottenham Court Rd Tube and easy bus ride to central London. Walking distance to Oxford street and right on Tottenham Court road, so the location is fab!  The hotel was good, glad we upgraded to a deluxe room with a separate sitting room, the bedroom is small so having this extra space was great another highlight of room was that  the shower was fantastic! We ate both mornings in the 24 hour café, the food was great and because we were in the deluxe room we had a 25% reduction on the bill, which made it very reasonable for breakfast. I had the pancakes and bacon, it was georgous!! we all had a mixure of drinks, tea with soya, green tea, coffee and all accommodated and…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Well i read all those reviews and just cant agree. I think hotel is ok, great location. Tube station 2 mins walk, so is Oxford street. Stayed three nights there, room was small but I didn't come to London to spent time in the room. Very comfortable bed, clean bathroom. Breakfast was decent. We were sightseeing during the day and went to see shows every night so it was great to come back to the room for nice cup of tea and get changed in the afternoon. Very pleasant staff at breakfast and reception.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fur coat and no knickers best sums it up ,"I'll start with the positives. Pleasant check in staff and duty manager and location. Entrance and reception dupe you into thinking you are in a modern 21st century hotel. How wrong! I can only speak for standard rooms and I tried three in two nights! They are dated with the most awful dingy quilt covers, small windows and a tiny tv. First room was dirty and second room all the lights failed after one night. Duty manager did try and make things ok but this part of the hotel needs some living care. I can't comment on breakfast because I couldn't bring myself to face the hoarding masses. Visit London a lot on business and disappointingly this won't be on my preferred list",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't bring your cat...,"... Because you won't be able to swing it in your room!!  I said to my partner ""we've stayed in worse""!!  She corrected me - ""no we haven't""!  And you know what?  She was right!! We haven't!!  The location is okay, however it will only appeal to tourists who don't know better (sorry tourists, I hope you do know better).   The rooms are:  > Tiny > Smelly > Noisy > Cheap   And that's the rub, it is cheap, but it feels it!!!  Spend a bit more and get something better!!   Ps. The flood might be to blame, but then that was Noah's excuse!!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, very friendly check in staff","As we were only staying 1 night to see a show we choose this hotel as it was near Tottenham Court road under ground station (5mins) and near the Palace theatre (10mins) we were not disappointed, our room was small but for one night it was fine, very clean, with tea, coffee etc provided, there is a bar joining the hotel with a restaurant, the breakfast in the morning was very good with plenty of selection from hot or cold food, cereal & fruit. we would stay again",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonable for the price,"I stayed here for 3 nights having booked online some months ago. I thought the price was pretty good given the very central location, near Tottenham Court Road Tube, Oxford Street etc. On arrival, I was offered several options for a room and was advised the 12th floor was quieter so I chose that. A good move as there are currently major building works outside. In the evenings it was nice and quiet though. The room was small but very clean and serviceable with everything I'd normally expect except in-room ironing facilities although these are handled as a shared resource on certain floors. I had a bit of a shock when I went to open the window which turned out to have a broken catch so opened completely. Given that the window was tall and went right down to my knee height, I could…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location...not a lot else sadly.,"As the title states, great location but otherwise a little disappointed, we didn't eat in the hotel however there are bars and restaurants attached to the hotel which is really handy should you want a drink and to stay in (not reviewed) - Sainsbury's is across the road too so helpful if you don't want to pay hotel prices and there's a boots as well, we didn't get the bus or tube at all as it was so central (which is the only justification of the price)  We had a bottle of champagne as we were celebrating annoyingly, the concierge when we asked if we could borrow some glasses (we were going to ask for some champagne in our room for arrival but they wanted £90 and an already fairly expensive weekend, we decided to take our own!) were pretty unhelpful (verging on rude) and directed…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This is the second time we are staying at this hotel. The reason why we decided to book it once more is because the location is great and the prices are okay! It is close to Soho and Oxford Street as well as it is very close to the Underground. The room was a little bit small, but it felt clean and nice. The room we got now was a lot newer than the one we got when we where therse three years ago. The breakfast is expensive and not good, so it is better to just go around the corner to get some breakfast. Several places nearby.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrendous,"In all the time I have come to London and stayed in this hotel. This was the worst experience ever. When we arrived the hotel spelt damp due to flooding, there were on,y two lifts available for the same reason.   The rooms once ready (had to wait almost two hours for second room to be ready) they were small and the one we were waiting for had the smell of wet  dog that even opening the window struggled with.   The breakfast was. The same experience with staff that showed zero interest in helping customers, some cutlery was dirty and the food yucky.   Even. Worse on the Sunday morning as leaving there was a very live mouse sat outside the hotel which again staff showed no interest in.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing experience,"Despite receiving an email the day before arrival looking forward to welcoming us no mention was made of a recent flood, so no chance to rebook elsewhere even if we had wanted.  On arrival workmen in reception, informed we had an upgraded room but only 2 out of 4 lifts working so will be queues.  However, they failed to say the lift call of the 2 working lifts on our upgraded floor (4 ) were not working. So after long queues to get the lift up to our room every time we had to walk down the narrow stairs on 4 occasions to reception.  Very disappointed room charged at full rate and no advance warning of issues - room upgrade proved to be a big inconvenience and very cramped so not sure what the booked room would have been like",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"On arrival we were met by a very musty smell in Reception. We then noticed various signs up apologising for inconvenience as they had recently had a flood. We got to check in and the receptionist confirmed a booking for a double room, when I had booked a twin. I queried this and was given a stern look and asked to prove it. At this point I showed her my emailed confirmation for a twin room. After a few sighs and a general feeling of awkwardness, from the member of staff, we were given a twin room. We were then advised that only two lifts were working because of the flood. It took a while to get to our room and when we did the disappointment continued. The room was dark, musty and hot. The bathroom was tiny and dark. The beds, although new, had no mattress protectors on them and…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Terrible hotel, more of a hostel",In over twenty years of travel this was one of the worst hotel experiences I have had. The rooms are small and dirty - my bedspread had blood stains. Whole hotel was evacuated due to burst pipe and staff still checking people in despite no running water or electricity. Had no plan of what to do in event of fire or if they did had no idea of how to execute. Stay at your peril. Needs to be condemned and renovated to get to first world standard befitting of the location.,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,"I always come back here when I visit London. There may be better places but the convenience of the location, with nearby tube station, theatres, Chinatown and quality for the price you pay is very good value.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
2990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,short break with couples,"Fantastic location only 100 yards from Tottenham Court Road underground station. An ideal spot to explore the sights of London.  Room was small but adequate and clean. Major works going on at the front of the hotel which could possibly be quite noisy if you like your windows open. Luckily we were at the back and slept soundly.   Only down side was the lifts, The call button on floors 3 and 4 do not work and you need to walk down the stairs to level 2 to call the lift. A pain when you are lugging a large case.  Overall very satisfied and would definitely use again if only for its location",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A good well positioned hotel,"We were also involved with the flood, but contrary to the other reviews, found the staff did the best they could under the conditions,  the fire escape we used was well lit and easily accessible, the staff tried to muster everyone to the fire assembly point with a mega phone, however it was like herding cats and people would not leave the hotel proximity.  We did go to the assembly point and found that the staff gave us as much information as possible as soon as they knew what was happening. They distributed blankets to those who had left the hotel in only their nightwear.  We were outside the hotel for 2 hours 25 mins in total, but that was to be expected under the circumstances.  Once we were let back in the fire escape was again well lit, okay the lifts were not working but…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but breakfast process needs to be reviewed,"Arrived Friday afternoon and check in was pleasant and fast. Room was adequate considering price paid. Used VQ restaurant, which is connected to the hotel. I am a coeliac but was able to obtain a gluten free meal. Food and service was good. Walking distance to The Royal Opera House and shopping in Oxford Street. The food served at breakfast was adequate. However, once we had collected our food there was nowhere to sit. Hence by the time we were able did find somewhere to sit our breakfast was lukewarm/cold. Hotel really needs to sort the breakfast process out so it becomes a more pleasurable experience. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor standard of Safety for a British Hotel.,"I was another victim of the flood. No emergency lighting on the concrete fire escape stairwell made evacuation in pitch darkness somewhat hazardous. Inexcusable in our capital city. Apart from that, the room was small but comfortable. It's a very busy hotel with queues for reception, the lifts and breakfast. Tea at breakfast undrinkable, coffee not much better otherwise good choice of food at breakfast.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but.......,Good location but there are better alternatives. No air conditioning which was needed this year. No wifi which is a pretty standard requirement these days. We did not want to pay the earth and realistically got what we paid for.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
2995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The aftermath!!,"We stayed at this hotel Monday 26th October and had no idea of what we were walking into. We have stayed here many times and would gladly stay again mainly due to the central location and the facilities that the hotel offers. On arrival it was quite clear something was amiss, half the reception roped off, water dripping from the ceiling and so forth - we were not present for the flooding etc and on reading the above reviews I would like to think the hotel will take aspects on board regarding the safety procedures etc. - it explains why the lifts were not working properly  (could go up but had to take stairs going down) - this was not explained to us at check in which should have been. However as stated we have stayed here previously and will stay again, yes the rooms are basic a…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shocking safety procedures for such a large hotel.....,Another review regarding the flood on Saturday 24th October. I Am still shocked at the lack of procedures in place for an emergency evacuation. We were on 9th floor and cannot believe that the fire exit stairs had no emergency lighting. Concrete stairs in the pitch black were very frightening. No communication from any hotel staff at any point. Thank goodness the Casino staff were so lovely and provided us with shelter and a drink. We cut our trip short after losing a nights sleep and feeling exhausted. I emailed the manager as soon as we were home on Sunday lunchtime. Here we are on Tuesday evening and still no communication....there seems to be a trend! This should be a priority seeming as their reputation is in jeopardy.  Senior management really need to review and adapt…,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Best hotel bed I've slept in, would definitely stay again","The best thing was the bed - although it was disappointing to look at (very old fashioned looking bedspread thing on and was a single) then i have to say that it was so comfortable, clean, quiet and the best pillows - the best bed i have slept in bar my own! The room was really clean and, surprisingly for the location, was totally quiet.  I stayed on the 9th floor and in one of the better rooms (so i was told) and had a great experience room wise. Only thing that let it down was the TV - tiny and so old fashioned, it was hard work! Service was the let down though - from check in, to calling reception for some help / enquiries, it was clear this place is too busy and too rushed for the staff to care or give good service - but in central London i didn't expect much in the way of…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2am Fire Alarm Panic!,"On arrival to St Giles Hotel it seemed ok, the check in desk was a little slow. The rooms are small but we were sightseeing so wouldn't be spending that much time in there. At 2am on Sunday, 25th October I was woken to the sound of the fire alarm, I could here people running up and down the corridors and when I opened my door, other guests seemed to think it was a false alarm. My sister and niece arrived at my door in a panic and said we had to leave the building which was down a very dark stairway and on reaching outside no one seemed to know what was going on, even the staff! To cut a long story short we were left outside for over 3 hours with no help, no roll call, no offer to move to another building. There was no contingency plan and no one told us what was going on! We…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or2995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for short stay!,My partner and I stayed in the hotel from 18 to 21 October. The rooms are small and amenities average but the location is great if you want to explore the sights in London. The Hotel is very central and the concierge service is very helpful in securing discounted rates for the sightseeing locations.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrendous Scary Experience!!!! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!,"Appalling management/staff and no emergency procedure.  At approx. 2.45am my partner and I woke up and could hear an alarm going off in the far distance.  We thought it was down the road in another building.  We were on the top floor (13th) and there certainly was not any alarm on or around our floor.  We went back to sleep and 15 minutes later, an urgent knocking was on our door and we were told that this was no joke and that we had to evacuate as there had been a flood right through the hotel from the top to the bottom.  We had to find our clothes in the darkness as there were no lights.  We were ferried down the emergency stairs which were pitch black and only that my partner had picked up his Ipad did we have any light to see where we were going.  13 floors we navigated in…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nightmare finish.,"We stayed Saturday 24th October and the hotel had a flood that meant we were evacuated and left outside for 4 hours. This was a nightmare with young children but we were given blankets and kept relevantly up to date. Some of the staff didn't really seem to know what was going on but there were people there that were brilliant although they were not in uniform. When we got back into the room our room luckily was not affected by the floor but after the events of the night and having no sleep we still went to reception when we checked out to enquire about a refund. We spoke with the manager called Kieran who couldn't of apologised enough, was very understanding although seemed that a lot was still going on but they all seemed to be doing all they could but he advised that they…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Traumatising Stay that will haunt me for a long time!!!!!!,"Well upon arrival this hotel looked great, brilliant location and close walk to west end and theatre district, Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Oxford street. Rooms are rather small but more than enough for sleeping in with digital tv available and all standard amenities. We were in room 1137 staying for 2 nights and had a good view across to Big Ben and Westminster. The first nights stay was good, a little noisy, but as to be expected in London, we went to VQ cafe for breakfast which I could recommend. The trauma didn't start until our second nights stay after we had been at a close friends wedding all day. At approx 1.30am I awoke feeling soaking wet and cold with a sound like someone was in a shower right next to the end of the bed except 10 times louder so you had to…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 am firealarm 3 h left out in cold with no communication,"We stayed at the St Giles Hotel over the last weekend. The Hotel is dated and needs a refurbishment. The rooms are tiny but Bathrooms are clean. At 109 gbp/ night pretty much what you can expect. Location is great.  Now to the scary part. 2 a.m. In the morning the firealarm sounded. We left the building. After 40 minutes staff appeared and informed that they had a major water leak, by now water was pouring out of the sealing  in reception area.  Many people and kids were out at 5degree C without shoes and jackets. Staff only told us to move away from Hotel to an open place nearby. Eventually people started looking for shelter in other Hotels near by, who were less than happy abot the number of people trying to get into their reception area at 3 am.  It was scary to see that…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Simple... way too simple,"I really can't make up my mind about this place. It's average in so many ways and it reminds me of the really cheap US hotels. The rooms are small and there's absolutely nothing to single out. They look out of date, as though someone wanted an old 70's place to remain in tact.  Reception is big, but still processing clients slowly. The staff are welcoming enough. Gym is quite an experience - you need to buy a token and the mess of getting the change just make you give up the idea (as I did). Breakfast is just one huge queue and chasing really bad food or even worse coffee.  I'm trying to think of a nice thing to say and all that comes to mind is location. It's really greatly positioned for any central London meetings, West End, shopping, strolling etc. You barely even need to…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful stay.,"I'm afraid to say this has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Organisation was so poor. During the night the fire alarm went off at approx 2am, we rushed outside like everyone else,it was cold and damp I had no shoes on as expected it to be a false alarm, but it wasn't a fire but a flood on higher levels we had to stand outside for nearly 3 hours nobody from the hotel informed us as to what was going on. Eventually a lady who worked/stayed there showed us to a staff canteen at no point were we given any refreshments nothing. We were offered water no hot drinks to warm us up, just after 6 they offered hot drinks, at 6.30 we asked the same lady if we could get our stuff from our room as we had had enough and just wanted to get out of there get home for some sleep, we…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Quite good hotel near metro station, shopping area etc. The nearest metro is Tottenham Court Road. Quite big construction site at same area. Breakfast was better than I think. Rooms were small, not noise. No free wifi.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London weekend,"Booked this hotel as its near to the West End for the Theatres and Shows, its a basic middle of the road place with friendly staff. The rooms are fairly small and basic, but has everything you need and are clean and tidy, we only stayed one night so it was ok, but if your staying longer you may need more room. Breakfast has all you need, but is on a help yourself basis, it might be nice if they laid the tables and served tea and coffee, but you have to do it all yourself. Generally ok for what we needed, but is basic, but is in a good position for central London.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An excellent stay in a lovely hotel,"My mother & I stayed here as a package with the Jersey Boys show to celebrate her 60th birthday and this hotel did not disappoint,from the moment we arrived too early for check in the staff were brilliant especially the concierge service who were happy to take our bags and store them while we shopped until our room was ready....lovely room very clean and lovely comfy beds..the added bonus was there were 2 pillows each which I found a big bonus as some hotels only give 1pillow each which is a big bugbear of mine so well done St Giles for that,,,nothing was too much trouble while we were there breakfast lovely & good service in the V bar which was also very nice for a late night snack after the show!!The concierge went out & hailed us a taxi on the 3 occasions we got oneto save us…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mohamed and Suzy from Jordan ,"Traveling back from the states to make a stop in London for 10 days, the location of the hotel was absolutely perfect. We could just check in and immediately go down for a stroll in all the touristic areas like Leicester square, Oxford street, Piccadilly Circus, and of course soho that were minutes away making dining and entertainment at easy reach. The hotel was very clean and the room was spacious. The staff were extremely helpful and the complimentary breakfast was an amazing full British breakfast. I would recommend this hotel to all and I will surely stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Fine for a short stay,The hotel is clean and functional although it is obviously ageing. The concierge are great as too were the reception staff. The rooms are ok but just feel a little tired and dated. The location is fantastic and easy accessible by tube. I paid £105 for the room with continental breakfast which I feel for the room and the location is very fair. Overall for a couple of nights stay where you spend most of the day out and about you cannot go wrong with this place. ,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City Break,"Sadly was situated next to a noisy building site. However, the hotel itself was clean & tidy & boasted more than one restaurant. The food was good & not over priced. Breakfast was included & very popular - Our room though, was extremely small with basic facilities, possibly the smallest double room I have ever slept in.  ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great position, otherwise awful","If you want to be in central London, then the position is great. Otherwise, rooms are small and noisy. Woken by the plumbing at 5 am. Breakfast is the worst I've had in any London hotel. Dishwasher clearly ineffective - numerous plates on the buffet has dried food on. I cannot recommend this hotel at all.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect situation,"Had a room on the 6th floor not large but everything we needed. nice and quiet and  so suited us perfectly.St  Giles is so handy to everywhere .The underground is just a stroll away and can get you  to wherever you want .There is a choice of restaurants in the hotel and had a few nice meals.there ,breakfasts  are a treat to start the day with. Would recommend it to all.Very comfortable",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,fine for a cheap night stay in central london,"St Giles Hotel just off Tottenham Court Road is great for a cheap night stay in central london. Clean and tidy. Old fashion decoration but fine for such a good location in walking distance to Soho, Covent Garden and especially Oxford Street. Stayed at this hotel for a girls night out and was pleased with choice especially the price, when booked in advance. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 nights in sub optimal London hotel,"My husband and I booked into a double room.  The room was tiny, hardly anywhere for the suitcases to go.  It was minimally clean,  there was a long dark hair in the bed although the sheets did look clean (housekeepers hair maybe!!)  there were a couple of stains on the bedcover.   Breakfast was ok,  plenty of chosen but rather institutional in its presentation.   The elevators are insufficient for the number of rooms so you wait a very long time esp at peak parts of the. Day.  We opted for the staircase from the 4th floor but it routed through different not so clean areas at the back side of the hotel. The room faced on the main at and was very noisy during the night even though windows were shut.   The staff at reception and concierge were very helpful and pleasant.  All in all…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - but that's about it,"St. Giles hotel is superbly located, but that's about all I'll say is good about this hotel. The room was so tiny it was almost claustrophobic. It was hot and there was no air conditioning. The toiletries were just an inch way from nothing and the window had no curtain, so we were up as soon as the day started. The reception area is fairly nice but the worst of it all was that wifi is not included in the price of the room - who does that, these days?! No reason to return.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location...,"A friend and I chose to stay here because of its reasonable price and location. We were not let down!  Being 5 minutes walk from Oxford Street, and a 10 minute walk from Soho, China Town and Leicester Square, it's a great place to stay! Although the room was small, it was clean and had what we needed. The only let down was the shower.  I would stay again. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hmmmmmmmm,"Where do I start? Good location is the plus point. Very small room, very stuffy with no air conditioning and very, very noisy. Good bar with a good breakfast, but you have to fight hard to get to your food...I have never been to a busier hotel. It was OK, not bad in an emergency but never will it be my first choice. Sorry.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for sight seeing,"Stayed for 3 nights, in a deluxe room. Was a bit wary after reading some of the reviews, but there really was no need. Room was ready for us when we arrived, before 2oclock, and was serviced very nicely on each of the days we stayed. The room wasn't huge, but as we were out all day it was fine. We had a separate bedroom and sitting space, which is great for us as we get a little fed up with having to sit on the bed. Plenty of tea and coffee plus toiletries.  Reception staff were very good, always very busy! Didn't pay up front for breakfast but went in to VQ, open 24 hrs, and again was very impressed with the staff and choice on menu. So don't take any notice of bad reviews, yes there is a bit of noise from traffic, but you're in central London!  We would and will be making a…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Get the executive rooms,"Stayed at St Giles various times. Great location, and super convenient. The Hotel can get very busy and the standard rooms are very minimal. If you want to be more comfortable I would recommend staying in the executive rooms. Slightly more expensive but definitely worth it with more newly decorated rooms, much nicer showers, Aircon and better breakfast.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gone right down hill,"Used to stay here, but after three times in a row of not event getting a room that would provide a nights sleep (loud noises,  unbearable smells, lack of cleanliness) and little or no care from the sarcastic staff, I have switched to the Travelodge convent garden.   Still occasionally get a problem, which is inevitable in budget hotels, but the big difference is that the St Giles is careless, unhelpful, and even sarcastic when things go wrong. I get the impression that morale there is very low, so the staff do not care anymore.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great time,"I have just been for a four day trip with a friend to go shopping and see Jersey Boys the musical. The hotel is just off of Oxford street. We had no trouble finding the hotel and checked in easily. We has a small twin bed room, with a dressing room leading off it with a small shower only bathroom. The room was nice and clean. The dressing area balance up what room you lost in the bedroom area well. Very nice and busy hotel we will be going back again",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Large modern hotel, well situated","First, you can't beat the location -- the British Museum is a block away, a 10-minute walk puts you in the heart of Soho, the vibrant restaurants of Charlotte Street are a short walk away, too. And you're well positioned for shopping of any sort or hopping the Tube to explore London's treasures. The hotel is mammoth, modern, with rooms (at least my single) that are serviceable but oh-so-compact. Got the impression that cleaning was done in a hurry -- there was a slightly mouldy smell in my bathroom. Staff members were all courteous. At times of peak traffic within the hotel, the elevators get overloaded and there are waits. Wifi service was OK, though when it's an addition to the bill I always feel somewhat gouged.  Fitness facilities available at the adjacent YMCA.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Visited London to see a show at The Aldwych Theatre. The St Giles was about a 15 minute walk to the theatre so no need for a taxi or bus. The concierge was very helpful on our arrival. Provided us with a map & showed us the route to the theatre. Greeted at reception by a very pleasant young lady who was also very helpful. Our room was small but adequate and spotlessly clean. Neat and clean en suite with a good walk in shower. Breakfast was good and plentiful. We both opted for the full English. On the downside was the noise from the construction site next door to the hotel. This is not a fault of the hotel and to be fair we only wanted the room for the night after the show. Throughout the night there was a noise on and off that may have been air conditioning. This was a pain as…,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location lovely hotel,Really prompt check in and a good sized nice clean room which was well appointed with plenty of space for luggage and clothing. The bar area is cosy and welcoming and the buffet breakfast was very good quality and constantly refreshed. all staff were very pleasant and were always on hand to offer help and guidance. A good fair priced option for central London and well served with transport links as the tube is a two minute stroll away. We would book again on our next visit to the city.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The position is fantastic,"If you want a cheap hotel in an amazing location then this is the place for you. If you like the finer things in life then book elsewhere. Stayed here for three nights. You could not fault the location, everything in walking distance and if it wasn't then the tube is 2 minutes away. Nice little bar to enjoy a pre or post dinner drink and the cafe attached does amazing breakfasts. We stayed in a standard room, don't bring your cat because you won't be able to swing it ( meaning small room). Issue with the sink plug, shower was good if you were 6ft 10 otherwise water sprayed right over your head. Had a very odd hole in the room wall covered with a grate ! Bed was comfy but the outside noise for me was horrendous due to major construction work going on BUT  I didn't go to london to…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"This was our second stay at this hotel. The first being about 5 years ago. This time we decided on a last minute trip and booked a standard double. On arrival at reception there was a number of staff on duty and the desk was busy, however we were checked in very speedily. And more of a surprise was we was given a free upgrade to executive room with roof top view at no extra cost. All I can say is the view from RT10 is worth the money even if I had paid full price for it. There are plenty of lifts that take you to the 11th floor and what can only be described as a cosy lift up to the 13th floor......but hey we were on a romantic break......... The Hotel is situated close to West End, Oxford st, China town and Covent Garden is only a 10 - 15 minute walk. We only had breakfast…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"I was in this hotel in 2014, it is just 5 minutes walking from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Good location and good service. Good for a couple of nights. The best is that you can go walking to everywhere.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,Stayed here in October for 3 nights for a theatre break. Lovely clean basic room. Comfy beds. WiFi  not good in room but you could pay for it in lounge?  Has 3 restaurants ate in 2 of them for dinner cannot fault them food delicious. Breakfast has got to be best I've had. Plenty of variety hot and the scrambled egg was delicious every morning. Reception staff were great infact all staff at hotel were lovely. Overall a great stay and I'd recommend a stay there.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for 1 night.,Fantastic location adjacent to Tottenham Court Road Tube. Great for Oxford street and TheatreLand. Standard rooms very small but functional. All the essentials but lacks anything special. Concierge very helpful and knowledgable and will willingly hold your luggage if you arrive early before check in. Recommended for those who see the hotel room as a necessity rather than part of the experience.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Just returned from a 2night break at this hotel. Arranged to have a present in my room on arrival for my partner and the hotel couldnt have been more helpful in organising this. Hotel itself was in a great location, clean and very convenient. Rooms are small but what else do you need. Great staff and overall a pleasant stay. Only downfall was that i didnt have a do not disturb sign in my room and got woke up twice on the second morning of my stay so id advise you to make sure you have this if you do not wish to be woken. Other than that everythin was perfect. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in central London,"Our group stayed in this Hotel for one day during our stay in London. The staff was really helpful even with our luggage.  Good facilities, nice breakfast and perfect location.  we would recommend it with no doubt.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2nd stay,This is the second time my daughter and I have stayed at this hotel. We found this hotel very comfortable clean and the staff very welcoming and helpful.  We arrived early but were able to leave our cases thus enabling us to enjoy the sights.  This hotel is just off Tottenham Court Road and the shops of Oxford street.  The only niggle I have with this hotel is that there is a charge to use the wifi which in this day I feel is a bit much. ,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"Perfectly central for our travel needs in getting about London. Hotel itself was basic, but clean. Staff were friendly.The room was  tight but It suited us fine as we were really in there for sleeping and freshening up. Lifts were small, even though there were 5 lifts, peak hor times were a little frustrating. Only other downfall was price, but I guess that's London for you.   There are buses on all sides of the hotel going to all areas of London. We had a pram and found the tube a nightmare on our way to the hotel so we used buses instead for the week.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good value good location and service,"I stayed for one night with my wife so we could watch a show. The Hotel is well placed for the theatres and was a fair price.  Firstly there is good secure underground parking right next to the hotel in Russell St and although it's £38 for 24hrs it all clean and safe with full CCTV monitored by the staff in the car park. The staff in the hotel were plentiful,pleasant and efficient. The room was basic but was all we needed for one night, bed was OK shower etc was clean and the bar in the hotel was good too. I would go back if we see another show.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Great Stay,"Firstly, the staff at this hotel are wonderful. Everybody we spoke to was friendly and helpful. We had an executive double room which had a great view on the 9th floor. The room was clean and comfortable and the sofa was a nice touch. The only thing I would mention is when booking, I was asked if I would like to add breakfast for £10 per person. I chose no, and was pleasantly surprised when we arrived in the room and a card said breakfast was included with an executive room. I'm glad I chose not to pay for it when booking! ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay.,"We stayed here over night while in London seeing a show as a birthday treat and were prefectly cmfortable.   Ideally placed for China Town, where there many good chinese resturants, Leicester Square on Film week and Soho where all the theatres are. You feel a buzz as you walk around as life goes on 24 hours a day.  Thne reception area is impressive and staff are on the ball and attentive. The room was quiet, cleam and cheerful. Everthing we needed for our stay.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel but central location ,"I think London has dome of the worst cheap hotels in Europe.  St Giles is no exception.  The foyer holds great promise but the rooms and floors are a big letdown but I guess you can't expect much when not paying much in central London.  The interior of the floors and the rooms are very worn out but if after a central hotel that you won't be spending much time in,  this is the hotel for you! ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,if you're looking for a hotel in the centre of London at a reasonable price then this fits the bill.  At the Oxford Street end of Tottenham Court Road this hotel is within walking distance of many West End theatres not to mention being in a prime location for shopping.  Rooms are on the small side but you don't go to London to stay in the room and they are clean and comfortable.  We went for the breakfast which was ok but I would probably have breakfast out next time I stay - yes I would stay again!,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Booking into this hotel was a great start to our 3 day shopping break, greeted at the door by the lovely concierge staff, nothing to much trouble for them they were courteous and greeted everyone with a smile. Room on the 3rd floor very clean and comfortable. Hotel in a great location for Theatre's and shopping, Tottenham court road underground is 2 mins walk away. We travelled by train and it took us a few minutes from Euston station on the underground to the hotel, returned to Euston by taxi which was £6 so also happy with that. I have no criticism's at all with this hotel, good value, great location, clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel- Perfect Location,Staff at the hotel are lovely and so helpful. It's in a very central location- right next to Tottenham Court Rd tube station and Oxford St. Room was comfortable and suited me fine. Only thing that lets it down is the noise from the street at night. Could do with double glazed Windows to ensure a good nights sleep. ,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Great Location for Theatre Goers,"I booked a London theatre and then looked for the cheapest hotel in the area and this one was it.  The location was terrific being a couple of minutes walk from the Tottenham Court tube station and walking distance to just about every theatre.  The corridors were a bit ""tired"" in places but the room was clean and the bedding spotless. I was very pleased with my choice.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not 5 star, but perfectly adequate","Had an overnight stay in this hotel recently, and we were pleasantly surprised, especially as it at the 'budget' end of the scale (well, for London hotels anyway!)  The staff were friendly and efficient at check-in.  Our rooms were small, but clean, and comfortable, with the usual safe, hairdryer, extra pillows etc. Our window looked out through a gap between walls, so no view, but we were on the first floor, so probably a good deal better higher up! Breakfast was very good with a choice of full English or continental.  Other than breakfast we didn't eat in any of the four restaurants so can't comment on the food, but we did have a drink in the bar, which was pleasant.  Location is excellent, being a less than five minute walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station.  Overall I…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Just returned from a couple of nights at this hotel - quite impressed. Our room was clean and certainly big enough - no problems -but it is next to a construction site which was noisy at times but fortunately they ceased working early evening, so no undue overnight noises. The lifts were fine and all four working well. The staff were very pleasant . Meals not included this time.  Very close to shops and theatres but still a lot of construction work going on on the surrounding roads with alternative routes signposted.  Would certainly book this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,DO NOT STAY HERE,"I stayed here on the 11 for 3 nights August 2015, Could not open a window due to construction noise and no air-conditioning.  The towels were so thin you needed ten.  The room was not cleaned properly and still had dirty cutlery. Wifi extremely expensive as were poor meals and drink.  The staff were rude with smiles on their faces.  When I complained I was offered a room at a discounted price.  I live in Australia. No service to the airport (shuttle) and taxi's get stuck in the horrendous traffic and subsequently charge you for the luxury.  Give London a wide birth.. lost all culture and character, same as this poor excuse for a hotel",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,Stayed in St.Giles in March 2015 and September 2015. Ideal location. Great service. Discount on breakfast in a lovely cafe. Free wifi in the reception. Rooms are small but spotless. The best London location. Tube station is 1 minute away. Great find! Will be back!,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very average place,"Booked hotel due to location for conference this week.  Staff were very friendly and helpful.  The hotel is very very busy  especially at the moment due to RWC.    Main issues: lots of building work locally so opening window for fresh air not possible.  No air con in the rooms so stuck between having lots of noise or slowly boiling.  Wifi is appalling and impossible to connect to in the rooms; it's not provided by the hotel but a third party.  Once you get through to the log in page it's impossible to get through to the payments stages as the connection drops out.  End result is a ton of emails to sort out on a day off!  Rooms are very small, I was booked for a twin but it was barely big enough for one person.  Strange smell in the bathroom which never went away. Also a gurgling…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not good enough adequate but don't stay,The hotel staff on concierge and reception were fab. The cleanliness in rooms was awful toilet dirty bowl never seen bleach or a scrub. Shower curtain dirty plug hole dirty. Get the cleaners trained! Rooms tiny  Lifts always ques and over crowded . Wifi very expensive swimming pool cost £5 a time and restricted hours. Overall better value hotels .  I walked 6 floors up and down. Towels seen better days.,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles is a budget hotel so do not expect too much,"Terrible room, so small, two single beds, I bumped my husband's feet every time I went to the bathroom. No plug points next to bed. very cramped conditions, hardly any cupboard space so lived out of suitcases, one on the floor and one half on and half off a suitcase caddy. Had to queue for ages to get into the breakfast canteen, which was just that, a school type breakfast canteen where you took a tray and waited behind plenty of people in the queue for food, and then once you had your food you had to wait while the food got cold, to get an available school type canteen table. The scrambled egg was like white and watery and hard to believe it was actually egg. The window in the bedroom could only open about 2 inches so hard to say if there were any views.  Though the location of…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3rd visit - can't fault this hotel at all,"We checked in online so it was a simple matter to pick the room key up from the Concierge Desk upon arrival. We booked an executive double as it is worth the few extra £'s to get a larger room with 3 piece suite etc. Staff are all wonderful, anyone wanting a Central London hotel for their stay really cannot do better than this",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location  Busy Hotel,"Stayed here for two nights.  Basic large hotel in good location close to West End Theater district and the Tube.  The room was small, the bed was small.  The hotel was busy and being on the 10th floor made for a lot of elevator stops on the way up and down.  There is ongoing construction across the road which made it noisy during the day.  The included breakfast was good.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok.....ish,Room and hotel was ok...the room was small...needed a good paint so many scuffs and marks on the room walls. Bed very small for 2 adults...lighting in the room was poor..only used as a base so only slept there..won't be staying again..,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would Stay Again,"This is a huge hotel!  I skipped the ""reception desk"" by paying for my room online, so I skipped the queue and picked up my room key at Concierge, which was nice.  The room was small, but nice (room #643)  It overlooked the construction site, which one night was loud until 9pm (a concrete pour)  The bed was comfortable and the staff was very friendly!  See my video of the small room.  They offer paid WiFi which was around $37.00 for 7 days (it was a strong signal too!)  There is a local McDonalds, Burger King, Pret A Manger, Sainsbury's Grocery Store)  A short walk to Tottenham Court Station.  One thing, If you come on the tube, be prepared to haul your luggage up many flights of stairs to get to the exit of the tube.  The carpet could use am upgrading in the rooms and hallways,…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient,"We stayed overnightas we were going to see Bend it like Beckham, which was on at the Phoenix... Only five mins walk away.. How convenient an hotel this is.. within spitting distance of New Oxford Street, where we had lunch.. The hotel was fine. The room, considering where the hotel is situated was quite large and clean.. We did  have breakfast .which was again fine.. and not as expensive as some hotels we have stayed in ... I would stay again .. Its within walking distance of Euston Station as well..",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Good location within walking distance to all transportation. We had the breakfast one morning in the lounge which was not included in the room rate. The food was good with a good selection although pricey by North American standards. Long waits for the lifts but we were on the first floor so were able to take the stairs. Staff were friendly. Room was average and clean but the hotel is in a very busy area of the city, so we could not keep the window open due to high traffic noise. This was not an issue as we traveled in late Aug and our room was not warm. We did not have A/C.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,GREAT LOCATION,"St Giles is a very busy hotel but ideally located opposite Tottenham Court Tube Station. We booked an Executive Suite (769) which was clean and spacious. Breakfast (in the VQ restaurant rather than the usual breakfast room) was included in the price which was excellent value. Staff were pleasant and helpful at all times. Tip: avoid the lifts at busy times in the morning and evening as you may have a rather long wait. Overall, ideal for our 4 night stay and would happily return.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not Good Enough,"Thought it would have been better, twin room was tiny and single beds must have been the smallest they could be-i am slim and they were small so if you are a man or a bigger person don't bother with a twin, hospitality tray poor-no spoons! just plastic sticks! no biscuits.  Towels have seen better days and need replacing, and the shower room-no bath-was also very small.....looks like they have petitioned a larger room to make 2..no fan in the windowless shower room. Went to the restaurant 1st night, had steak and ribs they were good but the pepper sauce and the plates were cold, 2nd night went to the other restaurant and once again cold-i had fish and even though it was hot it was surrounded by a stone cold sauce on a cold plate-my friend had steak and the sauce was cold again…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, fit for purpose ","We stayed here while attending a conference in London, the room was small but the bed was comfortable, the shower was big enough for one and had hot water :) breakfast was dismal, food prepared a while ago kept warm from heaters inc toast, barely edible. If I needed a cheap room in centre of London I would consider this hotel in the future. On a side note the reception staff were fantastic and very warm and welcoming. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not keen,Hotel rooms are small about a foot round the the double bed and dated.... shower was uncontrollable flooded bathroom floor before I could get it under control and shower pretty small seemed clean enough.. Lighting seemed to take forever to come on once u flicked the switch Breakfast is served canteen style and everything luke warm some tinned fruits meat and cheese and cereals were available orange juice was horrible certainly not fresh orange....There is also a lot of building work going on around the hotel which they seem to work on 24/7..bar was OK pleasant enough wouldn't recommend the blond lager or the very sweet cider.  Only stayed one night but probably won't use again unless I have to .....,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location is excellent, rooms clean and well equipped.","The hotel is pretty huge, and in spite of this the staff are still very friendly! The hotel has an onsite bar, ideal in London's non-summer months, and casino, if you have too much money. I've stayed here twice now and both times my room has been pretty tiny, but given the location and how busy the hotel has been, this can be forgiven.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Thought it would have been better,"The fifth time I went to London, I hoped to have taken a better hotel than usually. But is was a disappointment. The rooms are small. The breakfast is not good and the restaurant is overcrowded and extremely noisy.  Positive = it is one of the most central hotels (not far from St Pancras) not far from the center and the Thames and other highlights.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"On check in had our booking for one room one person, showed them my confirmation - 2 people and they did resolve. However the room is small and basic, towels thin and hard and the bed very small for two people and hard.  You had to pay gif Wifi! To me that is totally unacceptable.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mind the gap!,Have stayed here before and thought I knew my way! Easy if you catch the tube from St Pancras normally. Beware Tottenham Court Rd station is closed on the central line. We didn't know till the tube didn't stop there. We had to get off go back a station and walk to hotel from Holborn. Quite a way with luggage. There is a lot of building work going on in the area. No chance of a quiet afternoon Siesta! The hotel is ok and central for a lot of places . The room we had was billed as deluxe and was clean and comfortable but a little chilly. Not much wardrobe room and no drawers for your bits and bobs. There was a little sitting room and a small bedroom area with a comfortable double bed. A very compact shower room but no extractor fan.Our stay was 269 pounds with no breakfast…,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Greal location, evrything else OK.","Compact room, but comfy bed and decent bathroom facilities. Quiet at night due to high floor. Tea and coffee facilities in the room. The bar downstairs was a great place for a drink, met some nice fellow travellers there who are regulars and rave about the place!  Discount vouchers for the restaurant and breakfast vouchers too. Nothing special about the foods but better than some! Love the location though and not a bad room rate.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a nice hotel.,"On arrival the staff on reception just spent there time talking to each other rather than getting you booked in,when we got to our room the door would not open so back I went to the desk for another long wait to be told it's ok ill show you,up we went and again it did not open so we had to go down to the desk again to be moved to another room and ok the door opened but the safe did not work the lights were faulty the bathroom was very small and dirty also the room smelt unclean by this time I was loosening the will to live,the hotel was also very noisy,will I go back no way it's also expensive you can do a lot better if you shop around.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The prefect Location,"the room was very small , but listen, if you are in London what is the point to sit all day in your room , it is only for good night sleep and proper shower. the hotel has all the amenities you need in a more than reasonable level , breakfast ok but the best thing is the location!! , just a step from Totenham court rd tube station and from Oxford st. and the price?  check for you self ,a true value for money.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant but efficiency needs attention,"I had booked a double room, though I was staying alone because singles tend to be very small and claustrophobic. This double wasn't big but it was acceptable. The room was clean  and had the necessary accessories. My one complaint is that when I returned late on my second night there,I found my room had been serviced but the towels and bathmat had gone. Fortunately, there was a spare towel in the wardrobe. Also, the tea bags had not been replenished. So there is an issue with attentiveness, I think. At £105 per night, room only, I'm not sold on the value of the place, given the lack of attention to room servicing.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London's Perfect Location,"This hotel is in the perfect location for getting around London. It’s right next to Tottenham Court Rd Station and walking distance to Oxford St Shopping and other landmarks. While we were there the station was under renovation though so the Central line didn’t stop there. There were three of us travelling and we were ‘upgraded’ to a quad room which still only had a double and single bed for some reason, and were told the difference is in the size of the room. The room itself was fairly small – it did have a single bed at least, we found out later that the smaller triple room had a single bed that folded out from the cupboard. There was also no air conditioning and the room was extremely stuffy, as it was raining we couldn’t really open the window, when we asked if any rooms had…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City Break,"Stayed at St.Giles for two nights with a friend for a theatre and city break. The location of this Hotel is excellent well within walking distance to all tourist attractions. It also has the added bonus of having a tube station just a couple of minutes walk away. The room was great,very clean and big enough,although there was no view. However we weren't in the room long enough to need one. The bathroom was clean and big enough for us. The food for breakfast was excellent catering for all tastes. The staff we all very friendly,polite and efficient. Altogether a great place to stay and  I would definitely stay again when I visit London!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, noisy hotel","Stayed here 24/09/2015 Location is fantastic as it's right by the tube and in the centre of London - room was clean. We only stayed one night, if I'd stayed for more we'd have probably asked to be moved, room was warm & stuffy but it and had a contestant noise of a fan (air con or extraction unit for hotel) and if we open the window he couldn't hear the tv - also building works going on opposite so we had to be hot & stuffy and keep window shut. No teaspoons for our cups and no socket for where kettle is on the shelf, had to boil kettle on the desk.  May return - unsure?",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Big and dirty,Large hotel good location Catering for coach parties. All common areas lobbies etc dirty and need a significant clean. Room just ok. I got upgraded to a deluxe room !!!! this was just average. Couldn't call it deluxe. Hotel very busy with a number of restaurants. I wasn't able to charge to my room. Had to pay as I went! Did arrive late Nearly 10.00pm they do not have room service they said they were too big to cope with the requests. Had  to pay upfront which is ok but only got a pro forma invoice. No good for my expenses. had to queue for full receipt in the morning. Reception staff are bland and see so many people don't seem to be able to offer a smile. you have to pay for leisure facilities also. Wifi £15 per day.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Treat,"Arrived a bit early but promptly booked in by the excellent reception staff and even upgraded as it was my birthday. Stayed on the 6th floor and never had a problem with the lifts as some guests have mentioned. Room was great,Hudsons bar,very good and breakfast although being busy could not fault. Left bag there till 18-00pm at no extra charge. 2 mins to Tottenham Court Station and Oxford Street, would have no hesitation in staying here again.Thanks all at St Giles !!!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Big and dirty,"Reall large and loud. Staff bussy running around,but friendly.Can do with extra cleaning,stains on the head board and on other furniture.Bed hard ,2 flat pillows in double room, top bed cover looks like not been washed since opening. Food nice but restrone too large and noisy.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location,"Stayed here for the Rugby league final at Wembley ,the room was small and can be quiet warm even with the fan on and window open , although every thing you need was in the room, the bathroom was small to ,the reception area was very pleasant and cool ,and the staff on reception were very obliging and helpful ,as were the concierge , the hotel is in a good location for shopping ,theatres and restaurants,",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location , good rates (for London ), tiny rooms","The rooms are not comfortable and extremely small. No wifi included. But it is still one of the best hotels if you consider the rates and the central location. Also gives access to an excellent gym fit five pounds a day, located just under the hotel. Perfect if you're visiting London and are not planning to stay in the hotel for more than just sleeping (shut the window if you intend to do so as it's very noisy outside) ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent. 3rd stay planning a 4th.,"We have stayed at st giles london for a week in december for the past 3 years and planning our christmas break now making this the 4th year staying here. Its a lovely hotel. Its got a cracking location just off oxford street with a road going almost straight to covent garden also. I dont know why there are bad reviews we have had no problems here. The rooms are sufficient, baring in mind most people come to london to explore not to spend all day in a hotel room,  so a place to sleep and have a few at the bar its perfect.  The rooms are medium size, clean, but if your after a glitzy room where you are spending alot of time then this isnt the hotel for you. If you are wanting a nice hotel in a good location for a resonable price then book st giles london. Me and my wife look…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Won't be back,I'm sure they never wash their bed coverings. They smell like old dirty clothing. I blame the owners for that. Very noisy location. You have to wear ear plugs. We moved our room once during the stay. The employees are very friendly! The quality starts at the top and obviously the owner doesn't  care. Hasn't changed since a visit in 2006. No more stays here.,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, room a bit cramped","St Giles London Hotel is located at the top of Tottenham Court Road within easy walking access to Oxford Street shops, Soho and all theatres toward Covent Garden. It is also a five minute walk to the British Museum. Our room (Executive, apparently) was dominated by a King bed and some unnecessary furniture which had to get relocated to make space for the cases. Very good breakfast at the adjoining cafe with very friendly staff. Good for short term business or holiday trips and pretty good value for the location.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ease accessible location,"Clean room with average accommodations. Nothing fancy here. Located close to the Underground tube station. Breakfast was good with many choices. My companion and I  had an issue with getting two keys for our room. After two days of asking we finally received a second key. However, when one would use a key the second key would be deactivated. This was very frustrating since we were not always together. The problem was finally corrected on day five. We were there a total of eight days. The stay was acceptable but I'm not sure I would pick this hotel the next time.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very noisy hotel in a noisy part of London!,"First night we were on the 4th floor. Noise didn't die down inside or outside the hotel until gone 3am. Woken by the hotel fire alarm at 8.15am!! Very upset with idea of two more nights like that so asked at reception if we could be moved. Member of staff was great and found us a room at the back of the hotel on 9th floor. Much, much quieter although housekeeping started banging on doors around us at 7.30am each morning.  Overall it was okay - wouldn't use same hotel again but should perhaps have researched the area more before hand and chosen a quieter part of London (if such a thing exists!).",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and excellent value,"We stayed 2 nights, room clean and comfortable. We ate in Hudsons restaurant first night which was very good with attentive ,friendly staff. The secon night we ate in the VQ diner, which was excellent with very efficient and friendly staff. When we departed the porter went and found us a taxi and put our suitcase in the taxi, which I thought was very helpful. Will definitely stay at the St Giles again, really enjoyed.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in london.,"The ST Giles hotel is in a great location, next to Oxford street and within walking distance of most major attractions. The basic rooms are small but adequate with TV safe, and tea and coffee making facilities The staff are pleasant and helpful..We have used this hotel several times over the past few years, and find it to be good value for a central London hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central and Functional,Good well situated hotel in London for all the sights and especially theatre land. Quick friendly check in and although the room was small it was functional and very clean. Hosekeeping very efficient and small problem with sink dealt with very quickly. Breakfast good especially for a buffet with plenty choice and because of a quick turnover freshly topped up. Would definitely stay here again. However if you are not an Olympic swimmer the pleasure pool is definitely for the competitive type.!,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,LOUD and big,"I have visited this hotel for a business trip for a few days.  One prevailing problem is that the hotel is seriously loud (from the outside noise). In the night it feels like cars are driving through your room... Which results in poor sleeping experience.  Overall I would not recommend.  Pros: + very good location (2 minutes to underground) + reasonably priced + fitness and swimming pool (25m long) in the hotel - 5£ per entry  Cons: - noise noise noise noise noise - no free wifi (seriously in 2015 you would expect free wifi when you stay in europe) - the place is really big; there are hundreds of people on reception, on breakfest etc. - horrible breakfest (unless you are okay with full english every day)  I do not recommend. Better to find somewhere further from city centre but…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value and well located,"As we live out of London we often stay overnight to catch up on theatre and exhibitions We have used St Giles on several occasions and for price and centrality it is hard to beat The staff are helpful even under pressure, this is a very busy hotel You may have to wait for a lift and the breakfast area can be very crowded but bear in mind the comments about price and centrality The room was clean and well appointed with space for luggage and clothing  A good option for central London and well served with transport links",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is what it is - ok if the price is right.  Great location.....,"This hotel is in a great location right by Tottenham Court Road station.  Easy walking distance to Oxford Street, Leicester Square and Covent Garden.  Despite the reception area being busy and us arriving earlier than the official check-in time, we were immediately checked in by a lovely receptionist.  Our room on the 5th floor was small with twin beds, a view of nothing and a small TV.  The bathroom was tiny but clean.  There was an in room safe for valuables which we always like.  In the evening, we returned from the theatre and ate in the VQ café and diner which is open 24 hours.  The service was again pleasant, but despite having a 25% discount voucher for the food, it was not cheap at £36 for 2 main courses (one was just a long hot dog with onions and fries) and 5 drinks (2…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Simply the best,"Best location, best quality to price ratio, comfortable & clean. Any central London place of interest is in a walking distance: the West End, the musicals, shopping, eating, sightseeing... Rooms are a bit small, but in a very functional space. The bed is comfortable and the bathroom is very good. If you want more space, go for the Executive rooms. And the prices are unbeatable. ",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay elsewhere!,"Our room, which we knew would be small, was very stuffy and dark .The bathroom was nearly as big as the room!Location was great ,close to lots of attractions. On the morning of our checkout the cleaning lady was knocking on our door at 8.15 am wanting to clean our room!. She came back again at 9.45am as we were still packing and getting organised. This  has never happened before to us whilst staying in a hotel/motel. This needs to be addressed by the hotel. Overall, we were disappointed with our stay in this large hotel and would recommend staying elsewhere if you want to stay in this area.Also, the hotel charges for wifi and there is a cafe closeby with free wifi.The British Museum is well worth a visit and is located near the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Inconsistent experiences,"Very good location for the money, close to Underground (Tottenham Court Rd.) and shopping.  Understandably still under renovation in parts, as a group of friends travelling and staying on different floors, I feel I've lucked out.  Our room was clean, small in size for 2 twin beds, even smaller was the bathroom, slow shower drain, had to wait for water to drain before daring to open shower door (at least we had glass doors, apparently others had to deal with shower curtains). Decent view onto quiet street from our room, decent furnishings and cupboards in our room (others experienced cupboards with no doors, no headboards, and room safe was out in open line of sight.) Breakfast was better than average, but the coffee was quite awful.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No football- still much too see any way.,"Good size room. The breakfast is full have the most of everything.The staff is good and help you with your requests. The hotel is biggest asset central location, two underground lines close (northern-and centrallines). Close to shopping and museums. The four resturants is of very good standard.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good good just fab,"clean, tidy room, 100% all around, used this hotel twice this yr 2015, worth ever penny,  the food in the evening meal was nice and made fresh been made, not mircowave food,  and so near to everything, top shows and oxford street.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Budget Hotel still pricey,"The location is nice.  They allowed us to check in upon arrival around 10am due to room availability. There is an ice machine in the lobby. The Central line tube stop is closed, only the Northern line is available. Couldn't find the air conditioning, had to crack a window which by the way lets in too much light while sleeping, needs to have curtains.  The room is super small, but the price and location was a good deal overall.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and Price,Stayed here twice firstly in January to see Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and Gypsy in May at Savoy theatre and could walk there through Covent Garden ideal base for exploring London tube under refurb but can walk or get buses which we prefer.  Paid for breakfast served in the cafe open to public served to the table excellent staff and good quality.  Bar good for drink to relax after a busy day.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central for everything west end,I couldn't believe how near to everything the hotel was. A stones throw from all the theatres and shopping. Good price range of rooms too. Excellent breakfast thrown in with room. Always good. Nice clean rooms. Sumptuous bathroom in our executive suite. Like the fridge in the room for your own drinks. Will Defo stay again. Took a while to book in that's why not 5 stars on this occasion. The concierge desk was fantastic. Friendly guys with heaps of info for you.  Just great! ,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average standard,"Location wise the hotel can't be faulted, it wasn't the hotel's fault that there is so much machinery outside for roadworks or whatever they are doing but for us it was a real downer of a view - breakfast is a buffet and perfect but nothing special, sausages for example are cheap, not quality, it was akin to the holiday camp standard BUT adaquate if you aren't that fussed about quality food. Our twin room was very small and despite asking for more we still found 2 sachets of coffee and 4 little pots of milk was left for 2 of us, very tight fisted I think and towels, we had simple hand towels which do not make for a comfortable shower experience. If anyone stays here I'd suggest you take your own bath towels, soap and shampoos as you won't be given any by the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location, close to oxford street, close to resturants. Disapointed with wifi services but lovley hotel, pretty fresh rooms, kind of small rooms but not a problem. Good area although it's central it wasn't very noisy. I would recomend it",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Based in the city cenre,"This hotel is in the city centre close to Covent Garden and all the shows and amenities . The staff were very helpful and the room was clean and tidy. From my room window I could see the London Eye, Breakfast was fine but not brilliant.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night. Very good location for a visit to London. You can walk to lots of the sights and the underground is 2 minutes walk away. The room was quite small but had everything that you need and was clean and modern. It even had a full size hairdryer - bonus! Breakfast was great, It was busy but it is a big hotel. Staff were on hand to keep tables cleared and we did not have to wait for a table. Check in was quick and easy and they let us check in early which was great.you can drop off your bags with the concierge while you go sightseeing at a cost of £1.00. If ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,THEATRE BREAK using Hotel Direct .co.uk,"The show 'War Horse' was fantastic but.... With regards to this Hotel and our visit, we were very disappointed with the quality of the Hotel, we had to insist on a room change as the allocated rooms were dreadful. The Hotel seems to be going through a refurbishment program regards the bedrooms, the original rooms were waiting for the program, the receptionist was shown one of the rooms and agreed they were not up to standard which is why we were moved and although the rooms were a similar size they had been recently decorated.   The breakfast arrangements are totally unacceptable, we could have been in a self service holiday camp, and the food offered is the cheapest imaginable, dreadful.   The show was first class the break cost £600, tickets for 4 people at £63 each is £252…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A mixed experience,"The positives:  The St. Giles Hotel is centrally located with easy access to the Underground and with nearby bus routes.  It's in Bloomsbury (not far from where Virginia Woolf used to live, the Charles Dickens House, the British Museum, and Bedford and Russell Squares).  It's relatively inexpensive and is very popular with tourists.  I did not book the St. Giles myself - it was part of a travel package I ordered via the website for European Destinations.  I didn't visit the fitness center or the casino.  The fitness center was very popular, judging by the numbers of people going in and out of it whenever I passed by.  There are four decent restaurants in the hotel but many more within blocks, from inexpensive options through fine dining.  The hotel's buffet breakfast is OK - it…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Upgraaded!!! delighted,just one night spent here and it was brilliant arrived and within 30 secondsthe concierge was taking my case to reception and I checked in to find we had been upgraded from a premier room to an executive GREAT !! and also found this meant we had a complimentary breakfast   we went to our room on floor thirteen with the most fantastic view of our capital city especially at night   Room was lovely and clean and all the amenities you require bed comfy and bathroom and shower great   Breakfast was superb with a good choice and a GLUTEN FREE menu for my wife will def consider this hotel if we return and I can afford it,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"OK, good breakfast",For a one night stay in London it was fine. It is well situated within 50 metres of Tottenham Court Road tube and walking distance of lots of things to see and do. It is an oldish 1960's building and the room we had was small but clean. Breakfast was a good big buffet. The first room you go into is not the only one there is - you might be tempted to find a seat there but there are lots of other seats further in.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location.... But,"FYI hotel is right next door to construction site, thank god we booked in for a saturday and not a weekday.... Booked in for one night and to be honest it was enough.  The location is very central; with Tottenham tube station less than a minutes walk from hotel. Found one helpful staff member, I am sorry I did not catch his name but he worked as the conceriage (very snazzy suit I might add) The baggage guys who worked with the conceriage were less than friendly! Hotel room itself was adequate, but the bathroom was absolutely tiny. However the shower power was excellent!! Hotel was very noisy, tiles and rolly suitcases not good 😢😢 Unfortunately we didn't make breakfast which was included in the room rate. We did however try the hotel bar, very good food (chips are to die for) I…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good,"Good basic hotel. Close to tube station. Small bedroom but a nice modern decent size bathroom. Breakfast is excellent, overall a nice stay. Close to many restaurants and bars all within walking distance. Took a while to book in on arrival due to the reception desk being very busy but the staff were friendly and efficient. ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location and concierge, after that a great disappointment.","Stayed 3 nights but after asking several times staff still would not leave 2 towels for the 2 of us. Small rooms are to be expected in London but it would be nice to have decent lighting. At $200 Canadian per night it would be nice to have free wifi in the rooms. It is available for the price of a drink in the restaurant or bar.  Besides the lack of towels no shampoo or soap is provided. There are wall mounted squeeze bottles of poor quality all purpose soap at the bathroom sink and in the shower. Shower curtain was frayed.  The location is very good with Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Soho, Oxford St. retailers and Tube access all within easy walking distance.  All in all probably not quite worth the low, for London, room price.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great base to explore London,"Have now stayed at the St Giles 4 times and it is always our first choice for an economically trip to our expensive capital. You can't beat the location based at the end of Oxford Street and off Tottenham Court Road, the tube station is across the road but much of central London is in walking distance. As a musical theatre fan the hotel is about a 10 minute walk from theatre land and about 20-25 minute walk to Westminster (would probably quicker if it wasn't for the pedestrian traffic). We have had breakfast at the hotel but there are plenty of places to eat around the hotel.  The rooms are basic, but clean and all you need to rest your head after a busy day in London.  My only two complaints about this hotel would be 1. The rooms can be quite warm. 2. If your on a high floor…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,Me and my mum stayed in this hotel for one night rooms were beautiful not much of a veiw of anything but they were spacious rooms and the beds were so comfortable.the shower room was small but was decorated beautiful and so clean. I loved the fact that this hotel had a bar where they did all sorts and was very lively .me and my mum really enjoyed our stay there and I would reccomend this hotel to anyone. Thanks for a great stay !😀😀,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's ok,Myself and my partner decided to have a three night short break in London and booked this hotel. We arrived and parked in their recommend car park at 20 pounds a day- ok for London. On the desk there was a quibble about breakfast it was resolved. The room was small but ok- and clean. The website says it has spa facilities - don't be duped by this - at five pounds every time you wish to use it you go through a walk way to- well a leisure centre/ a grotty one at best.  Breakfast in the morning was ok however staff were in helpful- when requesting mayonnaise we were told no not for breakfast and was met by rude staff member to rude staff member.  The sushi restaurant that is there is lovely and reasonably priced. All in all its ok but promises more then it has to offer.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel in a great location,"Stayed here for a long weekend with my husband. I chose the hotel for its good price and location. We decided at check in that we would need air con so we upgraded from a standard to a deluxe room for a very reasonable price. The room was incredibly small which we kind of expected for the price although we were really disappointed with what they classed as air con, especially as we'd upgraded specifically for it. It didn't really do much to cool the room so we upgraded again, this time to a rooftop level suite. Wow what a difference this room was. It was spacious, modern and had fantastic views (and really good air con!).  I'd be very likely to return to this hotel although only if I could get a suite again. Whilst I'm sure the standard rooms are great value considering their…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic 3 day stay,Just got home from spending 3 nights in the St Giles.  After reading some of the reviews I was a bit apprehensive but no need. Our room was small but then for London so was the price. It was clean comfortable and the location was brilliant. Everywhere is walkable. So handy it was brill. Will definitely go again. ++++++ ,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Acceptable and central,"Stayed here for three nights last weekend. A giant hotel-machine in the most central parts of London. You don't actually need an oystercard to stay here. You could walk around to most of the sights in central London form this hotel. Ok rooms and ok service. The elevators are causing a lot of trouble, because there are too few of them and to many guests. It's like in the rush hours....you have to be preparered to spend five minutes waiting to get into an elevator to get up to your room...",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect. ,"Perfect location for theatre goers. Tottenham Road tube station a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Approximately 10-15 minute walk to some of the main theatres, Soho, Covent Garden.   Hotel excellent for the £50 I paid for one night. Bedroom and bathroom spotlessly clean. Beds very comfortable. Tea and coffee, shower gel, safe, fan and hairdryer provided. Hotel staff very friendly and polite. Hotel bar plush and reasonably priced. Would definitely stay here again. Would not waste my time looking for accommodation as this hotel has everything I need. ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small, noisy room","I was allocated a small double room on the corner of the 6th floor. The small double room had a small double bed, the sort of bed put in a show house to make a bedroom look bigger! The room itself was uninspiring and the ensuite looked like it had been redecorated by an amateur. I was kept awake all night by street noise and late night revellers. I will not return.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location!,"We stayed here in April, the room was probably the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in but it was fine and clean and the bed was comfy! You're paying for location here and it's a 5 minute walk to Leicester Square and your on Oxford street! I would stay here again! ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Stayed for 2nights the weekend before Christmas. Brilliant location right next to underground. Short walk to Oxford Street and the main attractions.   Room was small but had everything you needed.  Would stay here again. Good value for money.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Could do better,"Good location in London being handy to most attractions. Underground station close by. The receptionist upon arrival was quite unhelpful and almost rude so not a great start. We found our room finally and it was clean but minute. The was tea and coffee but the automatic kettle didn't switch off. This is a very big hotel with a lot of people so rather a problem with 4 extremely inadequate lifts. Many people getting frustrated with the wait. Very poor. The breakfast was very good but again, lots of people. The Hudson House restaurant next door great, and at least they had free wifi unlike the rip off at St Giles",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really Decent hotel for the price. ,"Stayed here with my boyfriend for a night over a bank holiday weekend. It was the cheapest hotel in London by far. The room was adequate, and clean. The only down side was it was a bit noisy because of traffic outside but its SO central, which totally outweighs the noise levels. Check in and check out was super swift. I would definitely stay here again if I had a busy weekend in London planned. Great place to put your head down afters night out in soho. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and price,"I was taking my son on a trip to London, and several friends recommended this hotel.  Located close to Oxford street, and close to the subway, the location of this hotel was excellent. The price was good considering the location.  The rooms were a little bit old and tired, and there were a lot of construction noise from outside, as it seemed like they were tearing down the building next door. All in all I would say that if price and location matters, this is the hotel to stay at.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,He'll hole,Me my partner and his two children booked this hotel as part of a package for Thorpe park.. The hotel is miles away from the attraction and there was nothing for the kids to do which I found strange as it was a family package!! Room was dark and dingy and beds were very uncomfortable food was atrocious wouldn't feed it too my pet dog so the two boys went hungry one night as they refused to eat any of the food and was too late too trail them around the very rough estate it's in the middle off..staff in the restaurant were very rude and couldn't speak a word of English.. Wouldn't return back to this hotel if I was paid too.. My advice is too avoid this dump!!,Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay for under £80 a night,"Stayed here for two nights early September. Was great location and only 5min walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station  Would certainly stay here again, as for the price this hotel offered excellent value for a break in central London   Top 3 things; 1). Price - paid £75 for single room but no breakfast  2). Location - central and easy 3). Clean and tidy room  Top 3 things to improve; 1). Lift - takes ages - so ended up taking stairs 2). Had to pay to leave luggage (normally free) 3). Maid wondered into room at 8am - I was a sleep  But good hotel for the money - would recommend",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Expectations are Everything:  This Place Either is OK -- or It's A Dump,"It's OK because it is clean.  The front desk staff was very polite and helpful.  The affiliation with the YMCA in the lower level (5GBP per day for hotel guests) is a terrific deal.  It is located across the street from the Tottenham Court Road Tube.  There is a Sainsbury's grocery store across the street and a bakery round the corner.  It's a dump because the rooms are small.  How small?  Well, you won't fall our of bed, that's for sure, because you won't be able to.  The bathroom likewise.  Two people cannot operate in a double room at the same time.  The hotel caters to rugby fans by the busload, who are lovely people but loud and rowdy at night.  Breakfast is not of good quality.    But like I said, it's clean.  And London is very expensive as we all know, so at $180US for a…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's all about location...,"I stayed in this hotel on a business trip, otherwise I would have never booked.  The rooms are extremely tiny . You barely have space to put your suitcase on the floor!.  I booked a deluxe room as I wanted more space and I got 2 tiny rooms connected. On one of them was the bed ( 30 cm from each wall) and in the other a sofa with a table. Rooms are equipped with refrigerator, phone, kettle, etc.  As I booked the deluxe room I was told that my breakfast was "" a la carte "" and I had to go to the bar.  I was a bit annoying as I did not have time to order and wait for my breakfast. I read the menu on the first morning and the next ones I ordered right away before sitting to avoid waiting. However, my plan didn't work as they simply could not cope with the load of work and I always…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,average central London hotel.,Decent hotel for good price in central London.  A minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street!  But like any London hotel very noisy. Only self service at breakfast but bar open all hours. Good price and perfect for a cheep stay in London,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful 1040's youth hostel,"Omg I didn't realise you could book a hotel so basic. Single bed, stand in the middle of the room and you can touch every wall. Not even a door to the tiniest bathroom in the world Noisy omg awful Someone trying my door handle at 1am Doors don't lock from the inside Breakfast - don't touch it Need I say anymore........... ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great central location, rooms perfectly adequate","Despite a few problems at check-in (I had paid using Avios and the hotel hadn't received notification - I sorted it out myself by phone) the hotel is a very busy tourist spot in a great central location just a couple of hundred yards from Tottenham Court Road Underground Station.  The rooms were just what one might expect for the money, everything required for a short comfortable stay (we had a 'cosy' double room - I guess this reflected the room dimensions, but it was still fine).  We were in London for a music gig and had to be on the way by 6:30 so we ate in their 'Sage & Chilli' restaurant, there were some good deals on offer, we went for the a-la-carte with a 20% discount voucher, the food was quite good with generous portions.   An added bonus was an included breakfast,…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ospreys v Saracens,"Flat out the grubbiest, ugliest hotel I've ever stayed in. Rooms are minuscule, booking was a nightmare and the cleanliness is woeful. My view was a dirty concrete wall. Although the location is great. You sacrifice a good sleep due to noise pollution and general hygiene.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,the hotel is in an excellent location for your central London stay. a short walk from Euston and close to the west end etc... rooms are small but you're not in London to stay in your room..... but they are spotless!!  there is a late bar downstairs too!!,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location !!! No good internet soloution..,"We have been here several times. The best is the location !!  The one thing we are not satisfied with is the connection to internet. You have to pay £10 for 24h.  We have been charged twice. This happend last year and this year. And it is not possible to get refund. You pay the internet from a firm called Ibahn. A helpsom lady in the reception tried to help, but it is not easy. So if you choose this, you might have to pay double. Not that this will ruin you, but its not correct.  The rooms are not the very best, but it is clean. The bathroom is very good.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Location,"Check in was efficient but most of the Eastern Europeans manning the front desk seemed quite disinterested and nobody seemed happy at their work.The room was so very small even for London standard with absolutely no where to put luggage, which made the room even more uncomfortable. Breakfast was quite adequate with enough choice. This hotel seems to cater for groups so breakfast rooms of which there are three do fill up. Internet usage in lobby costs and is extremely slow which means your times runs out before you know it. On the plus side, Tottenham Court Road Underground is so very very handy and the London Underground very efficient.Very close to Oxford Street so location cannot be beaten.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location and location....","Not the best looking building in London...could use some upgrading in- and outside. One of our mattresses was long, long overdue for the  dump. BUT the place is so close to everything interesting...just a few meters from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road Underground..walk in 2 minutes to British Museum...walk to Hyde Park in 15 min. etc.. Service is fine, friendly and helpful staff. Breakfast sends you off with lots of energy for the whole day :-)",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disgusting single rooms,"the room I had was on the ground floor. chewing gum on the sheet, a worn mattress and disgusting carpet that one can not step on without shoes. beds were small (if your length is over 170 cm) and almost physically impossible to have bags in to the room.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two-night stay in London,"This was our second visit to St Giles because as stated by previous reviewers,the location is ideal for exploring London. We booked a deluxe room which does offer a little extra space.However, the rooms are rather dated and somewhat tired but ultimately you only use it to sleep in... Breakfast  for us was waitress-served which avoided the queues in the buffet section and the full english was more than adequate before setting off on a day's slog around the city. We would definitely return to St Giles when visiting London in the future.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London City Break,"Really great location, few minutes walk from Tottenham Court Rd.Tube station. We stayed at Hotel for 3 nights 28th_ 31st Aug '15. Staff were all very nice & helpful on arrival and check out. Breakfast was a good choice, although you have to be up and down early to avoid long queues for cooked breakfast. Room was very clean, a bit on small side but we were only using it as a base for our weekend therefore was fine for us. I would have no hesitation going back to St. Giles on any future visits to London. There is a nice bar down stairs for a nightcap before bed.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"Comfortable, large and spacious bedrooms. Value for money and breakfast was lovely. Money off vouchers for surrounding restaurants were reassuring and a kind gesture and would certainly stay again. Great location.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Midweek trip to london,This hotel was right next to Oxford Street and was very busy. The room was small but very clean and comfortable. A wee bit of noise from the street but it is London. Staff were very helpful and although there are steps up to the reception there was a lift at concierge to help wheelchair and disabled visitors. There is a casino on site and four restaurants of which we only tried one and the meal was excellent. The only downside was as it is a very busy hotel getting access to the lifts with my wife in her wheelchair was time consuming at breakfast times. Access to the breakfast restaraunt is up a flight of stairs but this can be overcome by calling reception who will arrange access to the restaraunt via a back of house lift with a staff member for assistance,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible,I don`t trust the staff at this hotel.  I had payd for a minisuite and got a room so small that was impossible to Place to suitcases. The staff wanted extra Money for the breakfast even though we had pre-paid for the breakfast.  We contacted the mananger whwn wwe got home.  He didn`t do anything.  Never again this hotel.,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Family trip to London,"Fantastic location, very helpful staff in all areas of the hotel. Could not fault it at all and neither could any of my family. The price is excellent for such a central hotel. Am returning end of November and will use this hotel as visiting son. We did not eat in the restaurants so cannot comment.I can recommend this hotel and ignore some of these negative reviews.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in london,Had a weekend  in london  stayed here and had a great time hotel location is excellent  as the tube station Tottenham Court Road  is a 1 minute  walk away . Had lunch in Hudson bar and great value for money  room was good and also breakfast great value for money hotel ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. ,"Went to the St Giles with my husband back in June, it is very reasonably priced for London, it is in a excellent location close to everything and in walking distance to most of Londons main attractions and theatres. Rooms are very clean and modern, on the smaller size but perfectly adequate as we didn't really spend a lot of time in the room, we didn't eat in the hotel so could not say what the food was like but we did go to the bar down stairs which was very good and reasonably priced considering London prices. Would definitely stop in this hotel again if we return to London.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"This hotel is fantastic for any visit to London, the location is perfect for easy access to Covent Garden, Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Road and of course the other areas. It's also near the National History Museum.  The rooms are very small and pokey with limited electrical sockets that are in strange locations, however they are clean and serviced well-you are not allowed to use the towels from the hotel rooms for the pool etc apparently which was frustrating.  The rooms are also very hot as the windows cannot be opened properly at all, we were offered a fan but there was no room to put it anywhere and it would have only circulated the warm air further.  Breakfast was ok and the bar was pricey but nice as were the staff.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Welcoming, good value, clean and comfortable",I have stayed at this hotel twice and been very pleased with the service and rooms on both occasions. The standard rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are modern and clean. Breakfast is good quality and a great start to a day in London - everything you need is right on your doorstep.   It's a good mid-range hotel to base yourself at if visiting the city.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"location,location,location","Location is key for this hotel. Close to Tottenham court road underground station. Oxford street is a 5 minute walk.10 minutes to soho. Covent garden 15 minutes. This makes the hotel very attractive. As a base i couldn't find a fault.  Upon arrival check in was quick and efficient. The receptionist was pleasant and accomodated us when requesting a room away from the lifts. We stayed in a deluxe room, i would recommend this as it includes a sitting area giving exra space.  The room was clean, a safe and brewing up facilites included. The shower was small and admittedly not the best due to poor water pressure and temperature. We did not have breakfast included in our rate but this was not a problem as the is an abundance of eating establishmens close by. I would recommend this…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed with my 14 year old daughter for 3 nights, and is best described as 'does exactly what it says on the tin' central London, tube line right across the road, theatre land, Covent Garden, Leicester Sq, Trafalgar Square within 15 minutes walk. Bed and breakfast £60 pppn, I found this excellent value. Yes the rooms are small but if you just need a base and a comfy bed this is ideal",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cancellation!,"I'm writing this review in regards to their poor service, not poor service whilst staying I didn't get that far!  So I reserved a room a few months back for Sunday 30th August, I however no longer needed the room so I cancelled it 9 days prior to staying, got an email from the company I booked through saying confirmation of cancellation, however I look at my bank statement today to see that the hotel have however still taken the payment! So I phone the booking company they tell yes I cancelled and yes the hotel received confirmation of this at the same time as I did. So I call the hotel, speak to a very rude lady how tells me no we received it yesterday so that's why we took the payment you need to take this number and go to you bank! Which honestly I work full time I don't have…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for an average hotel.,"I went twice to this hotel, and the reason why i pick it over everyone else is the beautiful location it is in. Right in the centre of tottenham court, near the subway it makes it easy to go anywhere you like around the city, plus it's around the corner from oxford street. The rooms are not bad, they are clean and quit light, but a little bit too small. The service it's alright but nothing special.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London over night stay,"Hotel clean smart room slightly on the small size ,but has everything you could need  Location is superb able to walk to theatres and restaurants and a nice bar to have a drink before bed  Everything was 1st class",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,Perfect location just next to Oxfordstreet. I have been in London Three times and always stayed at this hotel. Costs lot less then other hotels in the area. I recommend that you dont get breakfast at the hotel. You have Starbucks and pret a porter just around the courner. The restaurant and bar in the hotel is quite good.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good for the price,"The staff was amazing although it took 3 hours to switch to an air conditioned room. Food in the restaurants was great, the location is great. I went to the opera I took the red bus to see London and I went to the British museum. wonderful vacation",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in good location,St Giles hotel is in a really good position close to Oxford Street and theatre land.  Tottenham Court Rd tube station is 2 minutes walk away but you can easily walk to Covent Garden.  Room was small but clean and functional and only moan is no air con in standard rooms.  Nice touch was the ice machine as this helped to cool drinks down.  Do try and get a deal with breakfast as it was one of the best full English ever.  Didn't try the cold food so cannot comment.   We were able to get our room much earlier than scheduled but there is an excellent concierge service to leave the cases with.   With regard to food there are a few different restaurants based in St Giles.  We used the 24 hour one twice and the food was first class and not overpriced.  Bar staff were pleasant and…,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and central,"A good place to stay if you want to be in central London on a budget, and still live in comfort.  Check in was friendly, but a little tedious. At random peak times the queue can be long.  I had a single room at 6th floor. Very small, but well laid out and very clean. Bathroom was suprisingly spacious. Safe, tv and fan. Four coat hangers. A little work table and free wifi.  Waiting for elevators can take a loooong time in peak hours.  Breakfast had a lot of choices and was very good.  A perfect choice for somebody who uses the room for sleep and the rest of the time outside.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great few days in a great LOCATION ,This hotel does exactly what it says on the tin good hotel rooms very clean a little on the small side shower room was ok and that's good as I'm quite a big lad no air con but on the days we were in London it was 29 degrees and there was a fan in the room and was very good BREAKFAST Was really good plenty of choice all I would say is go early before 8.30 so you don't have to queue all in all a good 3 star and great value for money.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location rooms small but comfy,Stayed here with my wife on a trip to London for her birthday in 2013. Excellent location for regent street and Oxford street. On 2nd thoughts it's an excellent locational round. Rooms are a bit small but that's to be expected for a central London location. When we got to gat wick I realised I'd left my car keys n headphones in the hotel room. I phoned the hotel and they posted them to my home in Scotland the same day. Excellent service from staff and casino joint onto the hotel was a bonus.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Consistently the worst hotel in UK,"I've had the misfortune of being a regular visitor to this hotel over the past 15 years due to the fact my employers have a corporate rate here. Aside from the fact it has a great central location, I cannot find one good thing to say about the place. Service - woeful Breakfast - resembles a scramble in a prison canteen Rooms - Tiny (nothing like those in the photos) Check your bill on departure as very often little 'extras' seem to have been added on in error I've never stayed in a less inviting hotel anywhere in the UK",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The St. Giles is a busy hotel at the Tottenham Court Road end of Oxford Street.  We stayed here in June in room 151 which didn't really impress me as it was dated and small (but it was £99.00 in central London). We came back in August, purely because of the location but upgraded to Executive room 808 which was large, airy, and modern. The location is great, espeically for foreign visitors, as it is within walking distance of the British Museum, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Soho, Bloomsbury and West End. Great restaurants on Charlotte street, just around the corner, - will definately be back",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,can't beat the location,"the hotel sits next to Tottenham court rd tube, and at the bottom of oxford street. perfect location for walking to theatres, shopping and into covent garden. I've stayed at this hotel three times now, and although the rooms are very small, they were clean,comfortable and well maintained. twice booked coffee a go-go, a choice of hot drink,pastry and fruit available from a small counter downstairs. this saved time for me in the mornings when I didn't want to wait, sit and be served a full breakfast. ymca sports / leisure club next to hotel which guests can use at a payable fee. I swam which was £5 payable in coins at a token machine in the lobby. decent changings rooms and showers in the sports centre.  the bar on the side of the building was ambient and a perfect place to meet…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and good location in the centre of London,"Good hotel and good location in the centre of London. Located in the heart of London’s West End, St Giles is the perfect base for your personal London adventure. Relax in your kind of room.  They offer a warm welcome whenever you arrive.   As one of London’s most central hotels, you can walk to Oxford Street, British Museum, China Town, Theatre Land, Covent Garden, Leicester Square and more. London sightseeing bus is also near The London Underground is minutes away at Tottenham Court Road Station.  We  took the train and stopped at Tottenham Court and surprisingly it was just 2 minutes walk.  Breakfas was quite good.  Very clean hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City Center good location standard hotel,"Busy district but ideal location for north central London. Our 'Deluxe' twin was not really deluxe, just had a small added sitting & desk area slightly separate to the small tight twin room bedroom...But it was okj for a 1 night stay. very helpful staff and friendly at reception and the porters.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab break,Spent one night here whilst visiting London to watch Charlie and Chocolate factory.  Only 5/10 min walk to Chinatown or  15 min walk to Covent Garden.  Sainsburys opposite so got some croissants from there to have with a coffee as we already had lunch booked and so didn't want a big breakfast.  Rooms are small but are ok  as we just needed them to sleep in.  When checked in got given a voucher booklet with money off at some of the restaurant. Can highly recommend the Lobsterv Kitchen.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Hotel was fine. Staff were lovely but rooms very small and stuffy..clean. The 24 hour restaurant down stairs which is not part of the hotel is a no go..45 mins waiting for food and when it arrived was cold. We were treated appallingly when we complained. The bar beside the hotel which is not part of the hotel is lovely. Staff were lovely. Would go back but go for larger type room..,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"We chose this hotel based on location for our needs and price.  We were not disappointed.  Extremely easy check in and out, very friendly staff.  We arrived 1 hour before check in and were given a room immediately, no problem.  The room was a little on the small side, but it is Central London.  Perfectly clean with nice (small) bathroom, hair dryer etc.  Take your own toiletries if run of the mill shower gel doesn't work for you. No air con, fan provided, we were on 2nd floor and left the window open, a little noisy but no more than is expected in the middle of London.  As others have said the lifts are slow during busy periods but on the 2nd floor we used the stairs.  Sage and Chilli restaurant on site, tasty good value food, friendly staff.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Little Find,"Good hotel in a very good spot, close to all the main sites, plenty of bars, pubs, cafes, easy walk to the Theatres, the restaurants, and bars in hotel are great, rooms are a bit small but for what you pay its a great hotel, will stay again very soon.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central and great price,"It was a 2 min walk from Tottenham court tube station. 10 mins from Shaftbury ave for the theatres. Rooms aren't huge, but when in London, who sits in them?? Nice and clean. Were on the 7th floor so quite too. Staff were so helpful ( especially Chris on the concierge desk).  Breakfast was plentiful and hot. Filled up for £9.99/ Didn't need food til 4pm. Could leave bags with the concierge and were given tickets to pick up. Great as we had all day and didn't wanna cart bags with us!",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Hotel located in a great location - so close to everything!! Really friendly staff. Easy check in and they held our bags while we explored the city!! Breakfast was good - nice choice! Rooms grand and the wifi was okay   Would definitely return!!,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Budget hotel in Central Location,Stayed here while taking the other half to see Les Miserables. Location is perfect for shopping on oxford street and only a short walk down to the west end. Rooms were clean but small. Showers were difficult to get to the right temperature and the TV was in French and stayed in French even when I set it back to English. Overall great for a short break and suited our purpose.,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base for London visit.,"Central hotel Central for visiting London.  Rooms basic but clean.  Wi fi not good.  Staff helpful and friendly.  Breakfast - something for everything but can get busy.  Atmosphere in the bar can vary but usually good.  We had a great night there, dancing and singing until 4am with other guests. Have used this hotel several times before and no doubt will be using it again when we visit London.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location.  oh, and price!","We booked London, and the choice was massive, and prices very varied.  We chose the St Giles upon recommendation from a friend, and we're not disappointed.  Room rate was reasonable for London, and location was fantastic, a few hundred yards out of Tottenham Court Road tube station, onto Oxford Street, and there it was.  A bit ugly and grey looking from the outside,But the inside was completely different, quite luxurious.  Check in was quick, although staff are a bit robotic, rather than genuinely friendly (but then, they always are at these large hotels), then we caught one of the many lifts to our 3rd floor room.  We were surprised when we saw the room, as it as massive, a suite actually. It had a bedroom area with king size bed, window overlooking a side street with the…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed here for 1 night when going to a show at cafe de Paris. The location is great, just a short walk from the tube. The check in process was quite long. The hotel is very dated and the hot water took quite a while to heat up when showering. I would stay again for a night as its convenient however if you are looking for any kind of luxury you won't find it here.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,As central as you can get on a budget,"I was looking for a reasonably priced hotel close to central London, being at the East end of Oxford Street and right next to the Dominion Theatre it couldn't be much more central.  The Hotel's website shows some lovely rooms and public areas, it does give the impression of being quite a high class hotel. In reality the room (can only comment on the single one I had) was clean but tiny and worn, it is the first hotel I have been in which had the hand basin actually in the shower cubicle.  The hotel is extremely busy with what appeared to be coach parties, this means that the lifts and general reception area are pretty hectic, not something I enjoyed.  In summery if you are looking for a busy part of London to stay in you'll be fine, if you want a bit more peace it's not for you.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient BUT,"The location is fantastic, very convenient. As has been mentioned by others it is, in part at least, very much in need of some TLC and upgrades. From comments overheard mine was not the only shower that doubled as a foot bath. The only reasonable way to obtain air was to open the window and of course, thanks to the location, it was horrendously noisy (plus I was above one of their bar areas). I felt I needed a ball of string or some breadcrumbs to sprinkle each time I left my shoe box which was masquerading as a single room. Reception staff were very stretched.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location - Nice stay,"Stayed for 1 night in a standard twin. The hotel position is great to travel around London with Tottenham court tube station about 50 metres away. The hotel i would class as a good 3 star hotel - we had no problems on arrival,reception good. Our room and surrounding areas were very clean and maintained. In the morning good full English breakfast and usual cereals which are all self service.  All in all would certainly use again on a trip to London .  Down points -  Lifts are very slow to upper floors and get filled up quickly and on the lower floors there is building work going on outside !",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful. ,"We had a 2 nights stay and had 2 standard twin rooms. The rooms were lovely, they suited our needs wonderfully. In my room the bathroom was clean and very modern and compared to other hotels I have stayed in in London, the shower was wonderful. The only small thing was that the toilet seat was a little broken, but it wasn't too bad and we mentioned it to the hotel staff. I will say however the other room we had booked was a little less modern than mine and had a less nicer shower than my room.   The breakfast was also great, with a lovely selection of food that tasted wonderful. A nice way to start a day!   I did not get to try out the other facilities offered by the hotel, such as the pool, gym and casino, but I expect that they would be great too, judging by the rest of the…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Value for Money,Stayed here for a concert in London. Expensive on a student loan but excellent location in Central London near the British Museum and shopping areas. Much cheaper than surrounding hotels. The room was a little small and tucked away in a corner but very comfortable and cosy bathroom. Minus point: easy to get lost in the maze of corridors.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but basic and in need of updating. NO AIRCON!","Just to add context, I've stayed here about five times through a mix of work and personal travel.  Location - perfect. Literally across from Tottenham Court Road tube station, so access to Central Line and Northern Line. Right by the Dominion Theatre and also a quick walk to the British Museum and the Borderline music venue.  Rooms - basic, mostly clean but quite run down now. Rooms usually have quite a bit of damage in them, with makeshift repairs. There is also no air conditioning in most rooms, so if you're there in hot weather (it does happen) then you'll cook all night.   Price - you get what you pay for, the price is pretty reasonable for Central London, so if you're on a tighter budget, then there is nothing wrong as such staying here. Just don't expect luxury.  Staff -…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fleas!,"Tiny room, but you'd expect that in central London, unfortunately it wasn't very clean and due to the noisy air con I had to sleep with the window open. Luckily I'd purchased ear plugs. When I woke the next day, my arm was itching. Soon I realised I had a massive flea bite on it. It couldn't have come from anywhere else but the hotel bed. Breakfast was really good though.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,Visited here for second time in two years and very much the same. Staff efficient and room a good size. Rooms a little dark but okay - we were fifth floor and the view out of window was a little limited due to position. Unfortunately the building site opposite started up their noise very early each morning but thats not hotel 's fault. Hotel in an ideal spot for getting anywhere. We went to theatre and it was on Y about 15 minute walk to Aldwich and surrounding theatres. The bars and restaurants on the site of the hotel provide good value and good food.  Breakfast was excellent although as self service it gets to be a bit of a free for all.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Paying WIFI,Quite good location at the end of Oxford Street but also quite noisy.  China Town and Covent Garden on walking distance. WIFI is not for free !!!  Breakfast : lot of choice but poor quality.  Good service by reception desk and most of all very friendly men at conciergerie.,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent base but basic,We stayed on a warm summers day and the room has no air con so be aware! Very difficult night for sleeping.   Standard rooms are very small but you get what you pay for in London.   In soho and a ten minute walk from Covent Garden so a good base for being out and about in the city.   The breakfast is buffet style and of a good standard.   If you want more quality stay somewhere else but for a night or two it's adequate ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but clean,"Have stayed here many times for a theatre break because of it's location, just off Oxford Street & a short walk to Covent Garden & the West End. Rooms are small but clean & have always slept well due to the comfortable beds. Can be quite warm in the summer months but now appear to be installing portable A/C units which is far better than the desk fans they supplied although a bit noisier! Tea & coffee facilities are supplied in your room. Staff very friendly & the buffet breakfast is another attraction as there is everything you need to keep you going for the day. The only down side is the wait for the lifts of which there are 4 but quite small but not enough of a problem to stop me staying there. It's a 3* basic but clean hotel, if you want something special then this isn't the…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dirty and in need of a major renovation,"This hotel is in desperate need of a renovation, the corridor carpets are old dirty and in places threadbare.  The chair outside the lift is not fit to let your dog sit on it.  The furniture and soft furnishings are very tired and whilst the sheets were clean the bedcover looked very suspect.  Our original room smelt of mould and cigarettes and we were immediately moved.  Yes this is a budget hotel but there is a threshold of standard that is acceptable.  I was glad I had bought flip flops as there is no way I would have walked barefoot on the carpet.  The bathroom was of a reasonable standard and ths shower was surprisingly forceful.  The towels were old, grey, and rough and as a size 12 I could only just wrap it round my body.  Bring your own toiletries as they are very…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Simply the worst,"Absolutely dreadful from uninterested check in staff to unconcerned checkout staff who ignored our complaints. Noisy - no sleep worth having for 3 nights out of 3. Bathroom dirty and extremely dangerous and thankfully unusable shower. Small rooms, no way to exclude light so could read O.K. at 4 a.m. when couldnt sleep for all the noise. Inadequate lifts. Cannot fully open bedroom doors to get cases in. Breakfast room like a very bad works canteen. Dirty tables, not enough staff.Just a really bad memory of a very overpriced weekend.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Perfect location near Tottenham Court Road tube (like 4 minutes walk). The rooms were really small. And unfortunately the ventilation was really bad/poor, so we had to sleep with an open window. But that's quite hard in the middle of London. The worst thing wasn't the traffic noice, you sort of get used that. The worst thing was hearing all the sirens from police, ambulance and fire fighters. But we bought ear plugs and after that it was ok. Beds were quite hard. But we often experience that when we travel outside Sweden. The breakfast was ok, not as in a Swedish hotell, but ok.  Staff friendly and helpful.   As mentioned in other posts, no wifi. Isn't that sort of standard with free wifi nowadays?",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with fair prices,"The hotel is placed central just near Tottenham Court Road subway station, at the beginning of Oxford Street. It has its own swimming pool, an extremely large fitness center and very good services. The rooms are large comparing with what you generally get in London.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"Very nice hotel close to all the sights of London , reception staff very helpful and rooms very clean x restaurants on site as well as z casino . 2 minutes walk from nearest tube station Tottenham Court Road . Has on site gym and pool although we didn't try theses",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very small,Double bed room was so tiny. The view if u call it a view was seen only by standing up against a corner window.   There is not much to say about the hotel other than the restuarant breakfast was delicious.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfy and Central,"I have stayed at the St Giles Hotel a couple of times before and found its location good for getting easily to  areas around central London, by walking, underground and bus.  My room wasn’t large, but was perfectly adequate, and the price was a bit higher than some other places; but this is central London.  The room and ensuite were well designed and perfectly clean, furnished is a simple modern style, and I enjoyed a good night’s sleep in a comfortable bed.  It had one thing that sadly many London hotels don’t offer – a safety deposit box in the room.  Another thing that the hotel has that many others don’t is a bar where I was able to enjoy a late night drink.  I have had breakfast there before and found it to be a good buffet breakfast, but with a need for speed and so many…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not sure about the 'Classic',"The hotel is well located, except that the nearest tube station is not fully functional at the moment due to an upgrade.  The twin room was ok at best. Very hot and dark but a desk fan was provided. View from the window was none existent but there was a strong cooking smell. Bathroom was small clean and adequate. The bed was comfy.  Breakfast was included for us and I have never encountered a worse organisation. It was terrible. So random and full of rude and ignorant people. To have it separately would have been £9.95pp - I would take your money and hit a nearby coffee shop.  One of the attached bars included a discretionary tip, when we didn't pay it all (but we did pay more than the drinks fee) the waitress came back to say we hadn't paid enough.  In short if you just want to…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant for Covent Garden and shopping with a teenager who doesn't like walking!!,"Booked to see a show, having had a quick search for a hotel that was close to everything my teenage daughter desires on a trip to London this hotel delivered. Service from all of the staff was friendly and efficient, the room was on the eleventh floor so a great view. LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION just brilliant, tube station across the road but we walked everywhere without a moan.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,fine for one night,"Positives: Good value for money in the centre of London.  The hotel is in a great location, walkable to theatreland, Oxford St, Covent Garden, Soho & Chinatown.  2 minutes to Tottenham Court Road tube.    The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable.  Negatives: The lifts take too long, up to 10 minutes at busy times (we were on the 9th floor).  The rooms are very small.  The rooms are too hot, but it's too noisy with the window open (traffic noise and ongoing building works outside).  Housekeeping knocking on the door twice before 9:30 AM is not acceptable.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location...awful breakfast,"Good Bits:  The location was great for me and my 10 year old granddaughter as we were going to watch Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Minds which was within walking distance to the hotel.  I didn't want her catching tubes when it was dark. The room was clean and tidy with comfortable beds.  Bad Bits:  The breakfast was below average, the sausages were awful. Sitting at breakfast time was not great as we had to run for a table and then needed to share with other people.  My granddaughter is shy and did not eat much as she felt as if we were sat on ""other people's"" table.  Breakfast was not an enjoyable experience for either of us.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average but central,"Stayed at St Giles in London from the 4th till the 8th of August. The room was small and paid more than another couple we went with and their room was bigger. Good if all you want to do is just sleep in the room, however there is no room to store baggage comfortably. Apart from the small rooms it is very well located. Situated just around the corner from Tottenham court station and minutes from central shopping on Oxford street. There are restaurants at the hotel, however we visited pubs down random alley ways which was much cheaper and the whole experience was awesome. The concierge staff are helpful. If you're staying for an extended time and need to do laundry do not use the hotel facilities. Marshall laundry is not far on Marshall street. 1 load of laundry cost me £10,…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is smack outside Oxford street, perfect for shopping and across the road from the tube. The staff are not the most friendliest, the wifi is crazily overpriced and wasn't purchased in the end but for location in London and for the price (and the room not actually being a shoebox!)- it's great. I shall return!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Poor hotel & overpriced, certainly not ""Classic""","The excuse for a bedroom was nothing more than a cupboard for £90 per night disgraceful. Unable to sleep at night from the continual noise outside throughout the night. Tried several times to connect to the internet impossible, the only reason for the one star was the breakfast which was very good. This hotel should be closed for major refurbishment as it is tired and charging the fees they do is disgraceful.Staff knocking on door at 8.30 on day of departure to vacate room despite ""do not disturb"" sign displayed, unacceptable.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Agree with the ""Truly appalling reviewer""","The basic room is too small, you couldn't stay in it for any length of time when not sleeping. Its too hot-its needs AC not a fan. Its noisy right next to the lift. Amenities were ok, (tea-making tray, hairdryer, desk, lights drawers etc.  The shower was a dribble really, there was no space to move in the shower and I am only 9st -ish and 5ft tall. There is no excuse these days to charge for Wifi;also there is a gym but you have to pay extra. (Why not say that on the booking website?)  There were no extra blankets and pillows should you need them. The room was clean but the toilet had been used and left unflushed. On closer inspection, the toilet had not been cleaned for months it seemed. Good location and near to shops and tube/buses.  Breakfast was average.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My favourite hotel!,"I always make sure to stay at this hotel whenever I'm in London. The staff is really nice, except once when a guy at the reception didn't take a Theft from my room seriously. The concierges are among the best in London, they are really nice, good at their jobs and always willing to help. Plus they know London really well.   Their breakfast is the only thing that I don't like about the hotel, it's expensive and really not that good.   The rooms are quite small, even the larger ones feel very small, and I once got trapped in the bathroom for 12 hours since the bathroom lock malfunctioned. The walls can be paper thin.  Ideal hotel for people who enjoy musicals since it's in the West End and you have most musicals just around the corner.   Overall I like this hotel and I Must've…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for shopping and entertainment,"If you're looking for a place where Primarni (aka Primark), TK Maxx, about 10 Zaras and 8 H&Ms are on your door step, look no further! This was the cheapest option for us to stay in London in summer that was central to all our needs.   We arrived near 4 hours later than anticipated due to flight delays however we were greeted at our 3am arrival with about 8 staff to check us in (not even joking). After a quick check in we made it to our room which was of a suitable size for 2 people and 2 large Suitcases. Room is clean however not well ventilated. We had to open the window for fresh air but then you were met with the noise of Tottenham Court Road buses throughout the night and construction below bright and early in the morning. The hotel had no free wifi, it's actually the…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Stayed here for two nights on my own for a business trip. The room was compact but ideal for me. Comfy bed, shower cubicle and flat screen tv. Room had a portable fan which kept the room cool. Breakfast was buffett style but provided everything you would expect including sausage, bacon, scrambled egg, cereals etc. Nice pool and gym.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does the basics well. ,"I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend as we were in London to see a show. We booked this hotel because of the reasonable price and excellent location. The hotel didn't disappoint. The room was basic, but it was clean and tidy and we slept very well - perfectly adequate. The hotel is no thrills but serves it's purpose well.   St Giles is a 15 minute walk away from Piccadilly Circus and Leicester Square - ideal if you're going to see any shows. Oxford Street is a few hundred yards down the road, as is Tottenham Court Road tube station.   Overall, this hotel does the basics very well, but it isn't the sort of place for a luxury experience. It's reasonable price and excellent location make it a great choice to stay at - I certainly would stay at St Giles again. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wow amazing,We only stayed here for 3 days but totally loved this hotel. Staff couldn't do enough for you. Restaurants on site are beautiful food was amazing. Rooms exceptional clean. Would love to go back their again,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very pleasently surprised.,"We booked the St Giles due to its close proximity to Dominion Theatre. When we arrived we were greeted by the doorman with very big smile and a Good Day, although we were early, the very nice girl on reception, booked us in, unfortunately our room wasn't ready, but we had already arranged to meet friends in QV resturant, when we returned to reception our rooms where still not ready, but this was only 13.15, and rooms are ready by 14.00, undeterred this lovely lady offered us the same type of room on the 10th floor, this turned out to be a bonus, no traffic noise, and great views, also we were going to a matinee performance which started at 14.30, so everyone was happy. The rooms were good, very clean and well laid out, basically a bedroom and reception room, with a very…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A big NO-NO,"No couple size bed, terrible air conditioning or restaurant exhaust  noise and stink 24/7, even through the window closed, but no air conditioning in the room, so every night it was like going to hell (and forget about a pleasurous nap after lunch!). Had to sleep with a noisy fan on. Won't choose St Giles ever again. Don't!",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"When considering St.  Giles,  please consider again ","Don't know what other people pay for this hotel, but at close to 200€ its gravely overpriced and simply living off its location. The room was tiny and the room interior is from the last century. As I am tall and my colleague got a double,  I asked for this as well. Not a chance. Internet is also  still to be paid for and the hallways look like in a school or some run down dorm.   I travel around the world and this place beats most destinations in little value for Money. The location is obviously what this place lives off. Staff is friendly but on a tight leash. The owners are obviously not putting any money earned back into this place.   Come again? - no,  but no thanks, I can get much better places for less. ",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,VERY RUDE STAFF,"I checked in.  The lady working the desk was really unfriendly.  I thought okay, maybe she's having a bad day.  But, it kept happening.  The entire staff were rude except for the concierge.  This was my first trip to London, so I thought maybe that's just the way it is over here.  But, then I overheard an English gentleman complaining too on how ""bloody rude"" everyone in this hotel is.  On my second day, they shut the water off from 10am to 4pm.  They told me I could come down to get a free token to take a shower at the ymca!!  I'm like can you first just send me a few bottles of water so I can brush my teeth and wash my face.  They said there are vending machines on your floor and hung up on me.  Needeless to say it was a horrible experience!",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Okay Location, but not the hotel for travelers ","This will be my third time traveling to London, and first (and last) time staying at the St. Giles Hotel.  The location is subpar, although offering an easy enough walk to Piccadilly Circus, and Trafalgar Square (if you're up for a couple of miles). There are a few stores near by, but the noise is outrageous. The rooms do not offer AC unless you book the Deluxe rooms or the suites. The rooms feel like you're staying in a broom closet and I'm quite used to sleeping in tight quarters. Probably the WORST part about the whole stay was the fact that the WIFI costs £5 for only an hours worth of use. As a Millennial, I need my wifi, especially since it is my only connection to the world  beyond London. The closest place to get free wifi is the bar next door who has great food, and…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"GREAT LOCATION,CLEAN & FRIENDLY,GOOD VALUE","Stayed here because it fitted the price bracket & great location. Corner of Tottenham court Road & Oxford street, next to Tottenham Court Road tube station which links up with all main line stations & everywhere else (though tube station a little disrupted due to work until december). We booked well ahead, room basis only at £90per night for a double ensuite shower room. We found the room,hotel all very clean & acceptable, staff helpful & friendly, although we did'nt eat here drink plus main course meal could be had from £7.90. Not a Luxury hotel, but very central & did the job.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Grand entrance, basic otherwise","Great location, reception looks luxurious, everything else is about average.   The hotel boasts an impressive range of amenities, pool, gym, casino and a number of restaurants. This coupled with it's excellent location is why we booked.  Mistakenly I presumed that these amenities would actually be in the hotel and not next door or half way round the outside of the hotel. The pool and gym are not part of the hotel but instead ran by the local YMCA who require a £5 token (paid for at the hotel) before you can use their facilities.  Sadly the rooms are basic at best, no air con meant we had to open the windows to the main road, no fridge meant constant trips to the ground floor ice machine. The rooms and corridors are badly in need of refurbishment with the carpet in our room badly…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"Stayed for 3 nights beginning of August.(also stayed in July 2014).  Check in - no issues, room was ready on time & reception staff pleasant & helpful.   Room - we were in a standard triple room on the 5th floor. Decor is ready for a makeover, but the rooms are clean, with very crisp white sheets. Quite a small room, but this is not an issue for us, we don't go to London to sit in a hotel room all day. My only requirements are that the room is clean & comfortable, and both of these were met.   The room was very warm(we knew there was no air conditioning when we booked, you don't get this in standard rooms which is reflected in the price), there is a fan, which was pretty good, but quite noisy(you will find this in the wardrobe).  Noise - with the window open there was a lot of…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Comfortable and Clean","Great location, excellent concierge, room was clean and comfortable, larger than expected for a London hotel. The only issue was that is was always very busy and five elevators still was not enough to move around.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value base,"I chose this hotel due to a combination of price for a single room and proximity to the theatre district and it provided a good base for a short trip. I felt safe there and felt OK walking to and from the area in the evening on my own. I did not have the breakfast so can't comment on that. The room was not ready at the stated check in time of 2pm. I was told it would be 45 minutes and had to leave my bag with the concierge as I had to get to a pre-arranged appointment. The tea and coffee was definitely a 'solo traveller' portion and not replenished. My room was near the lift, which chimed frequently. The lifts were slow which mean that people congregated in the area outside and caused some disruption, especially on the Friday night. The wait for the lift was so long I tended to…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nickel and Dime You,"I had stayed at St. Giles about 15 years ago in London and had a positive stay.  So, I booked it for my most recent trip this July.  I won't stay there again.  Yes, it is very close to the Tottenham Court Tube station, making it super convenient.  Yes, the front lobby is fine, the desk help was friendly and quick, and they were willing to hold our luggage for free on a Saturday while we finished sight seeing.  However, they charged for pretty much everything else.  Holding your luggage is not free during the week.  To get internet in your room, it is 10 pounds PER device per day!  The free wifi in the lobby didn't work. There was no air condition in the room.  Traffic is too loud to keep window open at night.  Room was very small.  Really, it was just the expensive wifi and the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,"Nice hotel good choice of restaurants offering guests 25% off their menu. Noise from outside constant being next to oxford street. Clean rooms but a little dated. Breakfast hall very busy so expect queuing for food, could be a bigger selection of hot breakfast items. Close to theatres, shopping etc",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Value, top location","Visited this hotel with my wife.  The hotel is in a great location with the likes of Trafalgar Square and Buckingham Palace etc within a short walking distance.  The hotel staff were very pleasant and although the room we had was on the smaller side but clean and presentable.  It also had a fridge,safe,television,hairdryer, towels a robe and air con which worked fine  There are a number of restaurants in the hotel which were great, food was good in all and you get a voucher booklet on arrival which gives you money off the restaurants!   Car parking is available underneath the hotel at £25 a day.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great bargain in the heart of London,"Yes, the rooms are small. But if you are just using it as a base to sleep, after exploring the city, then this is perfect. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The price was great. You would spend 3x as much for any other hotel in the area.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed Review,"I would have liked to have marked higher as it's a nice hotel - small, but clean room. Nicely refurbished and clean bathroom, good location walking distance to Oxford Street, Theaters, Soho etc - all at a good price.  However, there were a couple of niggles:  The shower had been positioned so that when switched on the water hit the wall at the opposite end of the bath, and it couldn't be adjusted.  So you had to stand at the other end and move around to get wet, such a bad and unnecessary design fault in a nice bathroom.  Noise - I know a few other people have mentioned this, but it was bad - the closed window did nothing to hide the street noise outside, and whilst I appreciate you are in the middle of London, it's still not acceptable.  To top it off the blinds didn't keep the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ripped off...,"Booked bed and breakfast through hotelscombined.com  On arrival we were told that to use the inhouse gym would cost £5 per person per visit, and the included breakfast was not included, but £9.95 per person per day, adding up to an additional £90, for three bowls of cereal with juice and coffee?  Staff are polite but don't really give a monkeys.  The rooms are clean  but basic, and if you are at the front the noisy is quite bad.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fair value for low rate,"The rooms are small, but clean. Don't expect anything fancy, but for - in comparison - an excellent rate, you get a reasonable room in top location. The staff is friendly and you can use a gym next by against an additional fee. Wifi is available, but costs extra.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"Just got back from our weekend in london and stayed at st giles i was quite suprised as on the outside it looks really old and odd but inside was lovely really clean and welcoming,the check in was quick and easy.we stayed in an executive room on the 10th floor there was 4 lifts so it didnt take long to get up.breakfast was included in this rate but it doesnt say that when booking online we found out when we arrived which was great and at no extra cost! room was small but had great views  it also had a fridge,safe,tv,hairdryer, towels a robe and air con which worked fine.room was lovely and clean and maids came daily to change towels etc.there is 3 restaurants in the hotel which were great, food was good in all and u get a voucher booklet on arrival which gives you money off the…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location isn't everything,"I have been to this hotel in 2012 and 2015, and as they say, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me! Location is okay, although not close to anything other than stores on Oxford Street and a tube station. That's the only positive aspect I could see. Now, what bothered me:  - One towel in the room even if you pay extra for a room for 2 when you book - Wifi is 10 pounds per day.  - They charge you if you lose the key and mention it 3 times - No AC in the rooms, toilet needed 5 minutes between each flush - So crowded, I felt more in a mall rather than in a hotel. No personalized service.  if the price is good and you only need a room to sleep for one or two nights, consider it, but don't have high expectations.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a central position,"We've stopped at this hotel several times and have never been disappointed. It's in a central location - handy for the shops and theatres and it's only a short distance from the underground. The hotel staff are always polite and friendly. Rooms are clean and comfy. Although we have never eaten in the restaurant in the evening, breakfast is always good and fills you up ready for a busy day of sightseeing or shopping. You can have a choice of full English or continental, or a mixture. It's self service so you can help yourself to whatever takes your fancy. Although the rooms are a bit expensive, I feel that the price is justified -you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"Stayed at st Giles for three nights can't understand the negative reviews but can't please some people. Very good hotel staff professionals and very courteous helpful beyond the call of duty. Lovely spacious twin room.Beautiful bathroom great shower. Selection lovely restaurants and bar. 24,hr cafe was a suprise modern tasteful funky restaurant. Only drawback lack of wif fi only available for ten pounds per day . Will teturn in a heartbeat. Short walk hotel to Covent garden Leicester square Trafalgar square Chinatown Soho Piccadilly square.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location ,We stayed at the st giles for my birthday. Booked 4 rooms. Would have been nice if we were all on the same floor but wasn't too much of a problem. The rooms were pretty standard but clean and the beds were comfy. There was building works going on close by and you could hear this during the night as the windows are very thin and ours didn't close properly. When we checked in we was given a booklet of vouchers for the bar/restaurant/future stays which was really handy. Would have been good if the hotel gave prior notice that the closest tube station was not open on the central line. Even if it was just a note on the confirmation ect. Generally couldn't fault the hotel and would stay there again as it's as great location and we got a good price for the stay.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A ghastly experience.,"This overpriced, basic, uninviting, uncomfortable relic gives hotels a bad name. Whoever ""designed"" it was crazy for stairs. There are stairs from street level to reception, to the so-called lounge, to the toilets, even on guest room levels. A nightmare for older guests! The rooms are pokey, the exhausted furniture should be dumped. Bathrooms look ok but have no room to hang anything. The flint eyed medusas at reception take grim pleasure in refusing admission until the specified 2p.m. check-in time; then gloat as they tell you it's FROM 2p.m.,so you'll just have to wait their pleasure. The A/C failed, the windows leaked. We've stayed at hundreds of hotels world-wide; but this is one of the worst.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I've stayed in this hotel 3 times now and I can't fault it. The rooms are small but the beds are extremely comfortable. The hotel is bang in the centre of London walking distance to Tottenham Court Road station which allows you to reach any part of London and also walking distance to Oxford Street and Leiceister Sq for those looking for the scenic route. I always find it good value for money, food is good and bar is nice also.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay at St. Giles,"Clean and close to things to do for an OK price. Had a fun night in the hotel bar, drinks were delicious and staff was awesome!   We arrived to St. Giles after a particularly bad stay in Paris (due to the hotel) so this hotel felt like the Ritz in comparison. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Serves its purpose,"The St Giles Hotel is an unprepossessing concrete building in an unattractive part of London.  The room was small, tired, in need of fresh air and showing some signs of water damage from a leak from the bathroom.  All that said, actually it's a useful place to stay and worth considering. In the shadow of CentrePoint is undeniably central and well located for the West End, Covent Garden and Bloomsbury. The room was quiet (even with a window open for some fresh air), the bed was comfortable and the shower was really, really good - strong flow, controllable and a great deal better than I've experienced in very much fancier and more expensive hotels. The staff were pleasant and efficient.  If you are not planning on spending a lot of time in your hotel room but want somewhere to…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great, Central Location","The hotel is in a great central location on Tottenham Court Road just beside the Dominion Theatre.  Good location for visits to the West End & shopping.  The staff were very helpful.  Originally given a 12th floor room but when I requested a low floor they happily changed my room to the 1st.  The room was small but very comfortable with everything you would need.  The only negative was there is no air-con & it was a very hot night.  The window only opened a short way & as this is a busy road it was noisy.  The breakfast buffet is reasonable with choice for everyone.  I ate in the bar restaurant & had a very nice meal, lots of choice.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny rooms,"We almost turned around and walked out when we saw the size of the rooms. I've stayed in small rooms before and I don't think I'm extremely picky, but these rooms were literally the size of my walk in closet.       Very old carpet and furnishings, cheap plastic in bathrooms made to resemble granite, and very dirty rooms. One of the housekeepers got angry when we told her we accidentally left the key in the room, and outright refused to help us or even talk to us. There was no AC in the rooms and the noise from the construction going on right outside our window prevented us from even having a decent conversation inside the room.      Breakfast was ok but wifi was a joke. How do you justify charging your guests to use wifi when it's free literally everywhere else in the city?   …",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"In need of an update, but good stay","This hotel was centrally located, near the theater district.  The room was small for two people. I was traveling with my 16 year old daughter.  We needed to step over our luggage to get through the room. The bathroom was more updated but also small.  The breakfast buffet was amazing.  There were so many choices of hot items and cold.  One bank of elevators wasn't enough for all the people that were in and out of here.  They were very slow.   We waited for 15 minutes one morning before we checked out.  The concierge was phenomenal. He remembered where I was going in the evening as I was awaiting a cab.  I had asked him a few questions in the morning. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location Good, But....................","Stayed for two nights for a short London break. Hotel is in a great location, otherwise it barely makes its official 3 star rating. The room was tiny, with barely room to walk round the bed and storage adequate. Shower room tiny and struggled to shut shower door due to the small size of shower unit, being so small it steamed up very quickly and was poorly ventilated. Good point was free room safe. No curtains but blinds which were only moderately effective. Sound proofing was truly awful you could hear all that was going on within the vicinity of your room and its neighbours and the lift mechanisms. Breakfast was more cafeteria with very limited choice and no tea spoons. Hotel probably needs a good amount of money spent on it to bring it up to a decent standard. Staff though…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Was a bit tired,"Was a bit tired in places , room could do with a good clean , towels was grey looking and strains on sheets etc,  staff very friendly and help full but £ 10 a day for wifi a bit over top, the breakfast was good , but fresh mushroom and more fruit on offer would of been good, and once again £16.99 for lucky I had it with room few,  not sure on how much parking was but I can only guess,  to get about , tube and bus stop rigth out side , so plus for that,  a good price with some little  issues  That can be sorted , quickly with a bit of care George and bar staff was the best made u feel like home",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would have said good rather than very good.,"Twin room just off Tottenham Court Road.  Bit noisy even for London due to building work.  Room was smallish but fine, breakfast buffet was very average, poor quality sausages, no fried eggs.  Information could have been clearer as to when the hotel restaurants were open and what the nominal fee was for the leisure facilities. 25% off all food vouchers were good.  We ate at Hudson's and enjoyed.  Busy place and if you struggle with stairs beware, lifts can be busy.  Wi-Fi prices a rip of.  £5 an hour, £10 a day, £45 a week, come on this is a scandal.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We stayed for almost one week by the beginning of July. It is very well located, next to the tube and also next to Oxford Street. If you like walking, this is the perfect hotel for you to walk and discover the city. The rooms are a little less that average but they have a safe box, coffee, and a good closet. It is not noisy and the Front Desk is helpful to provide you with touristical info.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Goodness Gracious Me,"This hotel was terrible - very, very old and tired decor - my room was a twin deluxe - they need to look up the meaning of the word 'deluxe' - nothing about this hotel is deluxe.  The room was small and felt old and dirty - horrible stained carpets, lumpy pillow and mattress.  Old air conditioner that rattled.  Long corridors that reminded me of an old boarding school or army camp - stained carpets, chipped skirting boards.  Long wait for lifts to ground floor.  This hotel is huge and being July school holidays it was swarming with students - masses and masses of them swarming through the reception every time I passed through.  Breakfast dining area was a nightmare.  It was so bare and set up to cater for very large groups with long queues for everything - rather like a canteen…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"We stayed at the St Giles Hotel, London for a theatre break 27th to 28th July 2015.  We had a great time.  The hotel was very central for the Opera House, various theatres, British museum, the Wallace museum and other attractions. We could easily walk to most of the above attractions.  The staff were very friendly and welcoming; check in wasn't until 1400 but we arrived early at about 12.30 and our room was ready. Check in was prompt, courteous and hassle free.   Room was small but very adequate.  Lovely hot shower and comfortable bed.  Breakfast was of a good standard.  Food was hot and replenished regularly.   On checkout we were permitted to leave our cases with the Concierge and collect later.   Price was reasonable and we were very pleased with our stay. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Close to everything, good service","Hotel at the end of Oxford street and in walking distance to everything. Underground and bus station 2 minutes walk from the hotel. Nice staff, clean, compact and functional rooms. I see that others complain about the elevators. Well, if you can't wait for two minutes for an elevator, then you should probably find somewhere else to stay. You have to pay extra for wifi - that's bad news. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,Stayed three nights and couldn't find a fault. Location was excellent which in London is everything. Concierge  staff could not have been more friendly or helpful an asset to the hotel.  Room was cleaned every day to a high standard. Hotel bar was a tad pricey but you expect to pay more in hotel bars than pubs. We travel to London every year and will definately  stay here every trip now we found this gem of a place.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So close to most attractions,"room small, but perfectly small. Very hot, fortunately, it was raining, which kept it cool. Not really enough milk. Plenty of coffee and tea, but not enough milk to match. Breakfast, plenty of choice, dinner was satisfactory.  Don't like having to pay for wifi, shouldn't be necessary.  Only one pillow",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for central London - Great swimming pool.,"Nice hotel for a pit stop in central London. Good quality and filling buffet breakfast. Room was a bit on the small side, but we didn't stay in it long. The pool was a,azing and a really great way to unwind from shopping and sightseeing.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In need of a restoration,"We had booked a deluxe suite, and the day we arrived they called and asked us if we could switch to a standard suite, we said Ok. It was £17 cheaper, but it was not worth it. The standard room felt filthy (carpet from the '70s or older) and the shower was not cleansed properly. Bed was good, but air condition was not.  There are a lot of better hotels in London for the same money.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrendous Hotel,"Very Bad Hotel in London should really be 2*. Room very small and dated, couldn't swing a cat in the Bathroom albeit a double room was very cosy and as for breakfast well..... cheap Sausages, burnt bacon, runny cheap beans the scrambled eggs appear to have been made from powder with no sight on an egg and coffee like dishwater. There are nicer hotels in London to stay at.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,rooms too small,Stayed in August 2014 room was so small we could hardly fit our suitcases in the door no ventilation in the room apart from a very noisy air extractor and if you open the window the noise from the street prohibited sleep thought we had access to agym but found it would cost £20 per day not a great start to our holiday and crtainly would  not reccomend it,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired and noisy but,Location wise this place is excellent for theatres and the British Museum.  Our room was very small but did its job and mow thw but....it suffers from noise from both outside and your lovely neighbours.  Soundproof it is not. The breakfast room reminded me of a works canteen. Maybe it just me but I do still like to see a tablecloth. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but tiny room.,"Having read the other reviews of this hotel, I decided to book the Deluxe room for the extra space. Unfortunately, even that room feels cramped: the windows are too small and don't open fully AND there is a big wall separating the bed from the ""living room"". Still, the room was clean, bed was alright and the location is really good. I'd still recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Stayed at this hotel in July 2015. We were a group of 3 so booked a double room and a single room. Stayed here many years ago and rebooked mainly because of the location. The location near Oxford Street with good walking access to tube station, shops, restaurants and the West End is excellent. The hotel itself was terrible. The passageways leading to our rooms had filthy, smelly carpets and the hallway walls were chipped in many places. The single room was really small and could fit no more than a single bed. The double room we booked was a superior room and one wonders how bad the regular double room would look! There seems to have been no proper maintenance of the hotel in the last few years, even though it seems quite popular. There is no free wi-fi except in the restaurants.…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"St Giles is a good hotel. It is a rather expensive hotel, and when you pay £700 for four nights, they should not charge you £5 per hour extra for the WIFI. As I said, the hotel is good with most amenities you want. An irritant are however the lifts, which unfortunately does not return to the ground floor automatically. This leads to queues and irritation at the ground floor. We had a great breakfast in the restaurant “VQ”, which gave us the opportunity to choose from a menu. The hotel has a good location, with just a few minute walk to Oxford St., the tube station at Tottenham Cort Road, Soho and Covent Garden.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good return visit,this is a great hotel centrally located. good service and value. my only criticism is that they charge for wifi in the rooms although it is available free in some common areas. gets booked up so early booking is advised.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We've just got back from a 4 night surprise birthday trip to London, staying at the St Giles and I was definitely not disappointed! I normally search trip advisor for hours before booking a hotel so as this was a surprise I was a bit weary of where I was going. It was fantastic though. A great location (approx 30 seconds away from Tottenham Court Road station) and a huge hotel! We were on the 7th floor, I think there was 12 altogether though. We were checked in within 5 minutes and straight up to our room. There's 4 lifts so you can get up there pretty quickly. The room was a good size, it wasn't huge but honestly there was only two of us and were only using it to sleep in so we didn't need a massive room! The bathroom was lovely too. Everything was really clean and tidy. The…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The room was the size of a cupboard,"Stayed one night and had the smallest hotel room I have ever seen. You could not walk around the bed, there was no air conditioning and the decor was extremely dated. The door to the room was also behind an access door so we could not get out of the room if other people were coming through the door, not a pleasant experience and I would have thought extremely dangerous if there had been a fire. The lifts were permanently full so we ended up using the stairs which were grubby and neglected. The only positive was a good breakfast in the 24 hour diner. Wil not be going back.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Show and Stay Trip,We were given what was supposed to be a quiet room on the 8th floor.   The room was very comfortable but because of the temperature we needed to leave the window open during the night.   The room was situated above the entrance to the hotel casino so a good nights sleep was impossible due to the shouting and sounding of car horns by the casino patrons.   This went on till about 4am.   We were glad it was only a two night stay so we could get home for a decent night's sleep              ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy and warm,"Booked to stay here for 2 nights and hardly slept a wink due to the Air Conditioning Unit being in a different room to the Bedroom and that it was so noisy! Decided to open the windows to their full capacity of about 2 inches only to be kept awake from the constant outside noise, ie Traffic, late night revellers etc!! This was an upgraded room as well!! If you've got important meetings in the morning and decide to have Breakfast before, please ensure you give yourself at least 10 mins for the lift to arrive and make sure you give yourself an extra 30 minutes for the queues to die down in the reception area from the Breakfast Room!!  ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic hotel at great location,"Picked the hotel due to location and price was high (around 160€/night) but still less than in many other hotels in central London. The room was small but decent, air conditioning would have been good on few days. We did not take breakfast which felt right also after the visit as we had good breakfasts just next door in a corner coffee place with much better price.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cosy but very good value and good clean rooms,"I stayed here for a hen do with 7 other ladies.  Location wise, it's great, in the heart of the West End, really good.  As it was warm, when you opened the windows, it was quite noisy with traffic, but you can't have everything.  Was in a twin delux room, it had an air con unit which I thought was great, though it was very noisy, humming loudly and clicking on and off every 15 or so minutes.  The room was very tight, probably only a foot around each bed, and with a 6 month pregnant belly, had to be careful not to bash myself on the protruding cupboard!  Bed was really comfy, extra pillows, blankets and towels were provided which was nice.  Room was very clean.  Breakfast buffet was lovely, all hot and fresh yum yum!!   Would definitely recommend, though if you're sharing with…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"This hotel offers everything especially to a tourist. It has fantastic location right in the heart of central London and is a minute away from the tube station. The streets around it have a lot to offer too from restaurants to shopping, you'll find everything. The staff was kind and readily available.    Had no complains what so ever! ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, the rest leaves a lot room for improvement ",I shared a room with a friend for weekend and that was the only way to make up for some of the money spent. The website pictures and reality seem to be a decade apart. The rugs are worn out. The promising pool and gym are next doors at the YMCA and you have to pay for a token (5£). Wifi also comes at an extra cost same as breakfast. The best of the hotel is its location just off Oxford Street. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central for everything,"My wife and myself have just returned from a midweek break in the St Giles hotel and had a great stay,I read some reviews on my way down to London and in my opinion this hotel is a good place to stay and is central for everything,It is a short trip from Euston station,has Tottenham court road tube station around the corner,is 5 minutes walk from Soho and all the theatres and has Oxford street on its doorstep.The hotel rooms are a little small but you only use them for sleeping in,our room had an on suite shower room which had a good shower,rooms are cleaned daily and towels changed if required,tea and coffee making facilities in room also.There are three restaurants within the hotel and we ate in two during our stay,the VQ and the Lobster kitchen,both very good and quite…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible,"What a grim, grubby, smelly, noisy, hot, unwelcoming, uncomfortable dump!! Reading some of the reviews has made me think I must have too high standards but no...this place was really horrible!!  I really couldn't wait to get out of there!!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal Location,Within walking distance of central London and the main shopping streets. Comfortable room with all facilities.  Friendly staff and reasonable rates.  Close to theatreland. Despite being a very large hotel there are no sound problems and while single rooms are small they are more than adequate.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,not as good as I thought,"I was disappointed with the hotel compared to what I saw on the website, room was ok, bathroom nice. Tea and coffee provided but no spoon to stir it and no biscuits. £10 a night for the use of WI FI ?! Queue for breakfast was so long and not moving that we didn't bother to stay for it.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The best location,"The location is amazing, everything is very very close from the hotel... Primark, sports direct, the Soho, pubs, restaurants, Chinatown, Convent Garden, Oxford Circus. For leisure and corporate, I suggest this hotel. The rooms are really small , also the bathroom, but for me it is enough",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for shopping. ,"My family and I always go to London every January or February.   We always choose this hotel because it's clean and it's location is perfect, it's in the heart of Oxford Street.   Rooms not big but we never planned to stay in the hotel apart from sleeping ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad for a night,"Clean room, nice staff,  reasonable breakfast. Central location.  Some more text because this app is making me type. La La La . Dum de dumde Dum.   Am I done yet?   This thing just wants more and more and more. What can I say it's ok I was there one night. Nothing wrong with it. Good curry house over the road.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money ,We stayed here yo attend my daughters graduation at West minster. The hotel is ideally situated just a couple minutes walk fyom Tottenham Court Road tube station. It is very clean and comfortable.  Staff friendly and helpful.  Our rooms were compact but comfortable. Late night bar and food available.  Buffet breakfast was good. Would definitely stay here again . ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still best location,"Great location, accessible to the tube and buses. Rooms are small, in summer are hot, no airco. Elevators are too busy and take some time to reach your room if you are in a higher floor. This a great hotel for solo traveller and for max 2/3 nights.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Noisy, smelly, hot and cramped",Small room - really hot - no air con - window open as need to let air in - really noisy with sirens of police/ambulance screaming shouting/ cars & buses. Tiny shower stall with water leaking out all over place when shower on - tiny towels - ok for a night on business if you have earplugs & like saunas. No fun if on holiday/light sleeper. What WIFI?,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If it wasn't for the location!,As 2 couples we stayed here for 3 nights 30 June - 3 July. We were taking no chances with the weather so we booked upgrades to rooms with A/Con. They were very noisy and ineffective and always very stuffy. And you couldn't keep the windows open as the rooms faced busy roads and there was also a lot of construction work going on.   The positives for the hotel was their location to Piccadilly/West End and easy access to tours. Hudsons House Cafe & Bar and the 24 hr VQ cafe were also handy and had free wi fi unlike the hotel itself which you had to pay for! ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close but no cigar.,"Stayed here for a business trip and was rather disappointed with the room. I was put in a room that I can only describe as a broom cupboard with a single bed which comes close to one of the most uncomfortable beds I've ever slept in.    The room was incredibly hot as it lacked any air conditioning and although the window could be opened I had to close it due to the noise from its very central location.  Despite the above negatives, the staff were friendly, the Hudson's House bar down stairs is decent and the central location is ideal if you want to explore Oxford Street and the surrounding area.  ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for a great room! ,"I stayed here a few months ago now, so I appreciate that this review may be not the most recent. However, I wanted to take the time to review this hotel and I was very impressed with it.  At the price that it is, which is roughly £60-75 a night and being right in Tottenham Court Road in the heart of the west end of london, this hotel is really offering you an amazing deal!   The rooms are modernly furnished with everything you need - a lovely bed, TV, shower, hairdryer, desk etc. the rooms are even better than you would expect and location couldn't be more ideal! We also had no noise disturbance, I would definitely recommend. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but small rooms,"Good location, swift early check in on a busy Saturday. But rooms very small. Blinds only in room which meant the sun came streaming in at 5am. We couldn't prove it but our doubles certainly didn't taste like doubles in the hotel bar. Breakfast was good at £10 for a self service.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Attrctive location, not worth the money","St.Giles hotel is situated literally on Oxford Street which is amazing,and if you ask me that's its only adventage.Rooms are incredibly small, like 5m2 but the prices aren't low.Wifi is not free and you must pay for it.Stuff was kind but generaly I am not satisfied.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Just got back after a 2 night stay and we had a great time,room was clean and tidy and food was good . Only gripe was the air conditioning was no good and the bathroom was very dark. Would definitely stay again as its location is great. If you drive in there is also a car park underground (with lift) and reasonably priced.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Difficult to rate as i am stuck between Average and Very Good,"I have not stayed at this hotel before but was quite impressed the way they communicated to me prior to my stay, booking in was relativly painless but i do understand that it does get busy at peak times. I had requested a quite room and was put on the 5th floor and in the west. I have stayed in many hotels in London and even by other horel standards the room that i was in was certainly the smallest i have  ever been in. Outdated furniture and just a shower. I guess what really bugs me nowadays is that for a city centre hotel that it does not have air conditioning, yes they provide a fan and even with the window open the room does get very hot and stuffy. In fairness the hotel does enjoy a great location for the west end so what you gain with one hand you lose with the other.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Worn, but good location","This hotel is very central, close to shopping, pubs and everything else.   The room was pretty worn, and didn't really feel fresh.   The staff was ok, and you will find a grocery store right outside the hotel.   If low price, I guess I would stay here again, because of the location.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location,but","Was most disappointed this time with my recent stay here. In my last review I wrote "" brilliant"" but this has now changed. Asked for room on floor 7 or above in east tower but was given 5th floor in west , and refused a change. This room was much smaller than previous room and position of of dressing table area with wardrobe next to window made room dark and almost impossible to use mirrors without lights on all the the time. Outside noise made sleeping impossible and closing window did little to help, staff totally uninterested when I complained . cleaning left a lot to be desired and coffee, sugar, etc never replaced after first day, had to continually ask for this at reception. Concierge staff much more  friendly than reception staff with the exception of Charles on reception…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hot Noisy and Unpleasant,We stayed during a heat wave and there was no air conditioning.  Down the street at Tottenham court there is major construction which provided loud noise at all hours.  These things could be excused had the hotel warned us or provided something to help but they did not.  This hotel provided pay computers with outdated software.   The in room Internet access was also poor and I was double charged when I tried to use it.  My companion was quadruple charged.  The hotel staff told us that the Internet company had to call us in order to clear up the charge issue.  We had to wait in our hot miserable room at the appointed time and then argue with that company to get refunds.   The breakfast was edible if you chose carefully.  There are no washcloths which would have been handy to wipe…,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fab location, very friendly staff","Stayed here for the weekend in july, got to the hotel and was able to check in and get room 2 hours early!  Staff were friendly from the outset and showed us the walking route to covent garden (15 mins) Leicester square (10 mins).  As we got out the station at Tottenham court road our hotel was right above us (look up and you will see the sign!) Shower was hot and powerfull and although room was small was comfortable and slept like a log! only downside no wifi, there is a fan as I can imagine it to get hot and windows do not open very far.  We visited the hudsans bar after night out which was cosy and had fab cocktails and visited the casino and won 20 pounds with free vouchers in the welcome pack! This hotel cost 115 pounds for the night and I would definitely recommend! Right…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellant location,"We were 2 couples age 45-60. We booked the hotel on the net and asked for the executive rooms without breakfast becsuse we wanted to try the restaurants. Emmediatly  as we arrived we noticed the perfect location of the hotel just near the famous beautifull crowded shopping Oxford street , also nearby an underground station and lot of bus stations…  In the reception they enformed us that we are gifted the full stay breakfast for free just because we booked the executive rooms.  We didn't know what to expect but it was just perfect for the kitchen offered a full menu of omletts,  english and continental… so we didn't even have to look for extras ..somtimes we tasted the cakes,  ice creams and cookies in the coffies and shops around.  The room wasn't big but enough for sleeping…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, always book here!","I love to always stay here when in London, its great location and has friendly working staff, the last time i stayed we was welcomed to hotel at check in by a nice girl who was expecting her second child, and she was so kind and helpful, breakfast is very limited i think its just average breakfast to be honest id rather just skip breakfast and go out into london for something to eat thats just me personaly , i have booked this hotel for new years ! see you before then hopefully st giles !",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great service (nothing was to much trouble),I couldnt believe how busy this place was and especially how helpfull the staff were. When we arrived at our room on the 3rd floor I asked for another room as with the window open constant humming from an air duct was particularly noisy we were  immediately transfered to the 7th floor. The rooms are small and without air conditioning but there is a fan that can be used . The plus side is your in the centre of london 8 mins from the theatres and the shops are on your doorstep. The breakfast has a good choice of continental and full english  I will definitely be staying here again as its really good value for money  ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for persons with a budget,"This hotel offers proximity and easy access to the major tourist attractions in London. It is conveniently situated near the Totenham Court Road station, the number 8 bus stop and  is within walking distance to Oxford Street. The double room, although in need of an upgrade (especially the bed), is maintained well and is cleaned daily. The basics are provided, including complimentary tea and coffee.  The breakfast was a typical English buffet and was replenished as more guests arrived. Sleep quality may be an issue for some, but the noise is expected in central London. The lack of free wifi was disappointing, but there is a plethora of restaurants and other establishments around the hotel which offer free wifi so one does not have to go to far to find it. Overall, the facilities…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient central location and reasonably good for the money,"You can't get more central in London than this hotel, which is on Tottenham Court Road near the junction with Oxford Street. I found it to be a very convenient location, only a stone's throw from the nearest tube station and even within walking distance of Euston and St Pancras/King's Cross railway stations. The hotel foyer is reasonably nice and spacious, but on my arrival the atmosphere was quite frenetic with tourist groups congregating in the reception area. Nevertheless, I was attended to quickly and pleasantly. With a room on the 6th floor, I had to use the lifts which were in much need of refurbishment.  As one of the cheapest options in London, I wasn't expecting much of the room but was pleasantly surprised. It was very small, even for a single room, but fine for a…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel & theatre ticket break was excellent value,"Stayed at this hotel on a theatre break with a friend for a 'Special Birthday' treat. It was so easy to book a room & ticket for a show( never done this before on line). Ticket was waiting at box office for us. All that was described on line was accurate and I even got a reminder of my itinerary a few days before the arrival date 11th July. Room was a bit small, but clean, comfortable twin beds, tea & coffee in room & nice shower with plenty of towels & full soap dispensers. A fan was available for warm nights. The staff were helpful, polite and all were smiling and happy to answer any questions. Great central position for  theatre land & British museum is almost next door. The full English buffet was excellent included in the price, plus discount on evening meals was 25%. We…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic value for money,"This was our second time of visiting St.Giles hotel in London although the visits were 7 years apart. We did a theatre and stay break which saw us see mamma Mia and have a night in the hotel with a full breakfast the next day. All the staff were so friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We left our luggage at the hotel so we could explore London before going home and this was looked after for no extra charge. The hotel has its own bar and restaurant but also has a 24 hour restaurant which had a relaxed vibe. We visited the Strand, convent garden, Leicester Square and the embankment and all were in a 20 minute walk or less( and we walk slow!) Rooms were a little old fashion but were clean and had all the facilities that you could need. This time we had single…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but only so so...,"Before we even set foot in this hotel I knew we may have problems.  First of all a Preauthorisation for the first night was taken eight days before we arrived, even though we had free cancellation until the night before arrival. This caused all sorts of issues and was totally pointless as the authorisation had ""dropped off"" again by the time we arrived (my bank, indeed most banks, only hold preauths for three days)  Upon arrival we confirmed that our room had been upgraded and asked to leave a card for extras, including wifi and breakfast. The woman who checked us in was polite and smiled, but didn't understand what we meant by this. She just kept saying ""you pay in advance, no extras, no breakfast"" as though she was sticking to a script, and our receipts had No Credit stamped…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Could be better!,"The owners of this large tourist hotel have a great location in the Bloomsbury district near the British Museum,  but do not deliver on the simple details that would live up to the location. Rooms are drab and not air conditioned. If you make a cup of coffee they won't replace cups or instant coffee during your stay. Towels are tiny and also not replaced and although the tiny bathroom was ""updated"" there was no outlet. Breakfast was good with lots of choices. I appreciated that along with the great location. ",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect for theatre land,we stayed here while visiting london to see a show we were really impressed with the handiness of this hotel we got the tube to tottenham court road and just walked straight ahead and there it was . we were very lucjky being upgraded to the new roof top rooms and the views were fantastic. breakfast was very good and served till quite late in the morning which again is good if you'v had a late night. on our way back from the show we stopped at the hotel bar and had a nice drink before heading upstairs for a very comfortable night we will definately stay here again,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for stay near Oxford Street,"One of the main reasons my wife and I decided on this hotel was for its close proximity to Oxford Street. And on that point, it definitely did not disappoint. Another positive point for us was the Tottenham Court Road Tube Station, which was very near, as well, and allowed us to explore London easily. We were also pleased with the many options nearby for eating out and also the supermarket, where we could pick up snacks and drinks. These options probably made us stay away from the hotel's restaurants, although we did have drinks at the hotel pub, which had a nice atmosphere. A negative point, particularly in summer, was the lack of air-conditioning for the room we stayed in. Another negative point, which was mentioned by other reviewers, and which we also experienced, was the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel with discounted on site dining,"My wife and I stayed here from July 7 - 10. The room was a bit small, but overall, I would rate it an 8 out of 10. They charge for Wi-Fi, which seemed a bit chintzy to me. They have 3 restaurants on site that are very convenient before and after a long day of exploring London. The food at all of them is quite good, and the 25% discount made this unappealing value to us. Very centrally located. Friendly staff. I would book this motel again and recommend it to anyone spending time in London.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but adequate,Perfectly located hotel. Rooms small but clean and comfortable. Staff very efficient and helpful. Good price for central London. Nice bar located in the hotel for a night cap after a day of sightseeing. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Watch out at Breakfast!,"The Hotel is central and clearly popular with foreign visitors. It is shabby overall in feel and lacks any elegance but the staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and not as small as some I have stayed in in London. I found the height of it a bit daunting but they kindly gave me a quiet room quite high up and at the back and the noise was minimal. You have to pay to leave your bags after check-out (not much - a £1) and to have internet. The gentlemen who look after the bags are great and a really good friendly front face for this Hotel. They always helped me with my heavy bags and are quick and efficient. Breakfast was very nice and plentiful but marred by the ambiance, canteen atmosphere and noisy tour groups. What about some flowers on the table to cheer it up a…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Comfortable Hotel in the heart of London!,We went to the theatre and the location was ideal. It's a busy hotel and check in can be a bit hectic and the lifts get really busy. Once you are in your room everything is very quiet - our room also had air-con which was ideal.  Rooms are well furnished but standard - similar to a Premier Inn. Also no free wifi was a bit of a pain!  I would recommend this hotel but be warned if you struggle with stairs and general busy locations it may not be for you!,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for price,Any location for Oxford Street and theatres. Surprisingly quiet. Friendly and efficient staff. Had 10th floor deluxe double. Clean and bright with good views. Excellent value for Central London. Breakfast was complimentary which was a nice surprise too.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too pricey for the quality of its rooms; its location is its only advantage; will not stay again,"Wanting to be near Bloomsbury during a recent London sojourn, we decided to stay at the St. Giles Classic on Bedford Avenue: its photographs as a modern-looking hotel (not ye-olde inn nor b & b) looked very promising indeed.  Wrong!  For the price we paid, the room we got was very small, with hardly any room for our luggage.    The very small window had been built at an angle and had no curtains, only inadequate blinds that could not serve as effective shields against the early morning light nor the late-night street noise.    The bathroom was a tight fit and there were no nice toiletries available – only generic tubs of soap and shampoo screwed onto the walls. Ice was never available at the ice machines located on the ground and 1st floors.  One had to pay for Wi-fi!   On many…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay for west end show,"Stayed here as was watching Wicked as thought it was close. Wrong Apollo theatre :). But so close to Leicester Square and Soho it was better option.  Room was more than adequate and we used the hotel bar late night too. Didn't use casino or other facilities as time ran out.   Just inside the congestion zone, but weekends are free!  Would book again on next visit. ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, rooms better than expected, good service","Walking distance to most popular London attractions, good service, rooms above average for price, buffet breakfasts excellent. No air conditioning, but even in the summer hear, it was good, with windows providing breeze and fans",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but nothing special about this hotel,"I usually book budget hotels in London, but this was booked for me by my work HR. For the money you pay, you can easily stay in a budget hotel and at least get free WiFi. It seems popular because the amount of constant people traffic at reception is amazing. This is not a value for money hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay again,"Stayed here for two nights in April for a long weekend on a friends recommendation. Couldn't get into our room until after 5pm which was a pain, the room was large but dark and fairly average considering the price we paid. Got woken up by the fire alarm during one night and then the maid letting herself into our room the next morning despite having the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the handle. Breakfast in the restaurant was served to us, no buffet. The full English was nice but small. On check out we told reception about our issues but the chap wasn't really interested and couldn't get rid of us quickly enough. Wouldn't stay again, there are much nicer hotels in London at cheaper costs.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excelent location for hollidays,If is the first time in London ... is a nice option to be centric ... walkable distance almost for all the main and fancy attractions in London ... the only thing is they should have free wifi and breakfast included ... keep inprove ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles hotel , london","Just had to say had a great stay at St Giles Hotel , Bedford Avenue , London.    Staff, accommodation, food were excellent , booked through HotelsDirect .    Arrived one hour early and was allowed to check in and go to our room , ok a little on the small side but very clean and ideal for our short stay, we were on the tenth floor and didn't have to wait long for the lift .    There is a lot of building work going on in London and it seems to be all over London it's just unfortunate .    We would recommend this hotel and shall not hesitate to use it again.       Andy Leicester",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and value for money,"I've stayed here for a night on 3 July 2015. I came at around 11:30AM and was able to check-in outright because of the availability of the room. Check-in was smooth and hassle-free.   The hotel is just a stone throw away from the London West End area and have plenty of shops and restaurants nearby especially in the Tottenham Court Road. For groceries, snacks and toiletries requrement, Sainsbury Local is just across the street. The room is not equipped with A/C but London temperature is fairly alright during summer so opening the window will do trick.   I've gotten a twin room and it was spacious enough. Coffee facilities, cabinet, hair blower and toiletries were all provided. The bed though was quite soft. I prefer relatively hard ones but this ain't an issue. The toilet though…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really good!,Pleasantly surprised with this hotel.  We booked the cheapest so weren't expecting much but we really liked it there. Easy to get to Plenty parking Staff are ever so friendly from start to finish  The restaurant is really nice couldn't fault them whatsoever - great service very quick & very reasonably priced! Brilliant with kids - room service was quick and easy to do also  Spectacular view of the planes outside  Will definitely go back thank you,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Have just returned from a two day break, for the price  paid for the standard room with a breakfast included which was buffet style and was lovely with lots of choice , the room and facilities was more than adequate, with tea and coffee available in the room, very comfortable beds, clean and tidy furniture it was more than ideal.  All staff met were friendly and helpful at all times. Really good location of Hotel for access to attractions of london ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I wouldn't stay a second time.,"Where to start...  Location:  Hotel is in a good location for shopping on Regeant Street and all the small souviner shops.  There is also a grocery store right next door as well as an ice cream shop and a few restaurants.  If your willing to put in some miles, it is with in walking distance of Trafalgar Square, Picadilly circus, stuff like that.  Lobby looks fairly modern and renovated, but thats where that ends.  Once you get up to the room floors it look out of date and a bit run down.  Honestly we all thought it looks a lot like a cruise ship.  Rooms:  EXTREMELY SMALL.  There are 6 of us in our family (2 adults, 4 kids) so we always have to get 2 rooms.  We've been to several countries and understand that triple rooms are common.  We are ok with that, but these are almost not…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We travelled to London with family and booked 2 double rooms and 3 single rooms. check in was easy food very good and the hotel is very clean, but when we got to our room I thought there was a mix up and my wife and I had been given one of the single rooms as it was so small, but we found out it was indeed a double. That was the only down side and as we spent most of our time out and about and only needed a hotel for sleeping it didn't spoil our stay. staff really helpful and polite. despite the location you will get a good nights sleep as the rooms are surprisingly quiet.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Make sure it right - breakfast or without,"Very central, you must add wifi, breakfast osv. The price often cover is often basic needs. But very competive prices. Breakfast is industrial, big and effective. You can even have a coffee thats made from a coffee machine, the breakfast costs ca 10£, you can get a lot of food for this.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't really know what to make of St Giles,"Ok, so it is in a perfect location, right off Tottenham Court Road, and there are lots of pubs and restaurants to choose from...Charlotte Street is just a couple of hundred yards away.  The place is spotless, no complaints about that. But the rooms and fittings are pretty dated and has a feeling of cheapness about them. The room and indeed the double bed was smaller than most...and the bed was pretty uncomfortable. Beware - there is no air conditioning and the rooms can get very hot in the middle of summer.  The service is very hit and miss. Check in staff were professional, but needed a bit of persuasion to change my room from a twin to a double.   There were a few things that particularly annoyed. The onsite restaurant was closed with no explanation. There's no irons in rooms,…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for shows,"We stayed at this hotel a couple of days ago as we were going to see Memphis, this is the second time we have stayed at this hotel we managed to get the same room as before,being room 809 which is an Executive room but is well worth the money if you want a decent room pay the money and do not moan when you get a cramped room ,you get what you pay for, as there has been bad reviews on this from people. The reviews that we have read have not been fair to the hotel, we found staff to be very helpful and the VQ 24hr restaurant in the hotel very good, food good ,staff very helpful. The concierge were helpful as well they will look after your cases when you check out of your room and want to go of somewhere they are spot on to help you. All in all a good Hotel the only negative thing…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very average.,Ok for a quick stopover. Very average. Noisy when I stayed at St.Giles. Interesting line for breakfast. Perhaps and hopefully things have changed. Good location close to Oxford street and Totenham Court Road.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"This hotel is very well used,I'm not surprised, it's in a great location.","Stayed at this hotel as a last ditch attempt to get a place to stay, this was due to the city being very busy with Wimbledon, and the 7/7 memorials. St Giles staff were lovely. The hotel itself was very busy.. The room was small,clean, and basic. Good value for money, super location.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,holiday,the hotel was very central and could get many buses to different parts of London. The tube was also very close at hand. There were lots of shops and eating places near the hotel also. The only negative thing I would say is that the pool was open to the public and did not like that. You couldn t get a relaxing swim as it was laned off and you had to swim up one way and cross down the other side. They were very strict about that so wouldn t suit a non swimmer who wanted to just relax in the pool.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice hotel","I stayed in this hotel with my school group.  It was located well, clean and had a good breakfast.  On the negative side, there is no free wifi and since there is no air conditioning, we had to keep our window open and there was a lot of street noise.  There is, however, a Pomme de Pain just down the street which has wifi and noise can be combatted with earplugs.  Overall, a good experience.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab location,"Fantastic location, just at the end of Oxford Street.  Girlie shopping weekend stayed in the St Giles, great find.  The staff were very helpful, the concierge held  our bags while we shopped till we dropped, then back for a shower and out the West End, a few short minutes walk away. Breakfast next day brilliant.  We will be back. ( would have liked free Wi Fi but it didn't take from the trip. )",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very well located for centre of London,We went as a party of 4 guys to see AC/DC in Wembley Stadium. We had done the same trip 5 years ago and had stayed in a hotel a couple of miles away from Wembley and that trip went like a dream. Couldn't get the same hotel this time and one of our party recommended the St Giles Hotel. It is very central for being a tourist in London and all the main attractions are easily accessible either by foot or by public transport. There is a car park which serves the hotel which is deep underground. It is a public car park but if you park there and tell the hotel they will give you a voucher which allows a £10 discount on the £35 overnight rate - That's what you pay these days in Central London! The car park is literally about a minutes walk around the building to the hotel reception so…,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Location,"The rooms were a bit small, but were clean and well serviced. The location could not have been better. Close to the tube station, hotels, shops,  cafes, public transport at your door or close to it. Would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can have the wow factor,Have stayed here many times over several years. After a miss up with bookings we were updated to an executive room. The floor tho ceiling windows gave you views over London that you would not have expected. Evening views when everything is lit up are awe inspiring. Unfortunetley having had the mix up with rooms and been given the executive room we cannot now stay here without paying the extra for these rooms. If your going to stay here pay the extra for these special rooms but make sure you ask for an executive room with panoramic views. As this hotel is just off Tottenam Court Road you are central to Theatre land.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"The hotel was located in central London which was wonderful. The rooms were clean and comfortable, friendly staff and wonderful food. We were allowed to leave bags with the concierge before and after we checked in and out which was a huge help to us. The only thing I would say is that the hotel maybe should be offering free wifi",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but full of big groups,"This was a business trip to London. Hotel booked by the company simply for convenience as it was the nearest to a meeting venue.  Hotel is adequate. Rooms are fairly small and in need of some updating and TLC.   This is probably one of the most central hotels you can get in London - handy if location is the over-riding factor in your decision making! Literally two minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road Underground station on the Central Line, the shopping centres of Oxford Street and a short stroll will take you to the bright lights of theatre district.  The hotel appears to cater for large groups, especially of young people. Regular trips appear to be organised and coach parties pick up their passengers from the main (small) foyer so that area can become congested.  I've stayed…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A convenient located hotel,"This is a decent hotel that would have been modern about 15 years ago. The room was a good size, we were in a double, but it only had a small window. Shower and toilet room is on the small size and there is no air vent in it. There are 4 restaurants in the hotel and a casino. The gym and pool was privately owned and there is a charge to use it, we didn't so I can't comment on it. The nearest tube station is Tottenham court road. The Dominion theatre is just down the road. A few grocery stores across the road and a cafe on the corner that you could get breakfast if you don't want to pay the £10 for it in the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Busy but well located,"This hotel is all about location- it's in the centre of London and has loads of shops/ restaurants and tourist sights on its doorstep.   The hotel itself is 'ok'. As others have said the rooms are small- although this isn't uncommon in London. I did find my room to be quite tired- there was a slightly musty smell in it which I believe was from the carpet.   On a brighter note there was plenty of built in furniture to store things, a decent hairdryer and adequate tea and coffee facilities.   The hotel is busy- it doesn't feel like the staff are there to ensure you have a lovely break, more to keep on top of the constant flow of people coming and going. We were travelling with a young baby so requested a travel cot and fridge to store milk. The fridge was brought to us but the…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Functional hotel,I stayed here for a change to the travelodge. Can't complain about the service and room. Bed was comfortable. Blinds rather than curtains meant I woke up early as the room was light. Breakfast was ok. Quite noisy but no more than I would expect for this very central hotel. It's probably a good hotel for visitors/tourists. Was slightly too much hustle and bustle and hostel like for a business trip.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and modern,"The location of the hotel is excellent with a short walk to Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road underground! I found both of these aspects extremely appealing. In terms of value for money the room is really tiny- great for one but would be a struggle for 2 people to fit everything inside. If you plan on staying in the room a lot while you're away, don't stay here, however if you are like me and enjoy using something as a base and going from there, then St Giles won't disappoint.  One aspect I did not like was no wifi in the room unless you paid. I firmly believe this should be included in the rate of the room! I had to go downstairs to the bar area to use it when I wanted to, which was absolutely fine, however obviously more convenient up in your own room.  Overall, a…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but why no free wi-fi ???,"Great place to stay in the centre of London. Very small rooms but adequate for a solo traveller. Was allowed to check in early so very thankful for that and breakfast is fantastic even if the restaurant resembles a school canteen with people queuing everywhere and not enough tables at 9am. Downsides - pillows are awful and trying to charge an extortionate £10 for 24hrs wi-fi  access is ridiculous, this should be free at all London hotels !!!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Very Competitively Priced.","The main ""plus"" for this place is the location right close to the West End theatres, galleries and the British Museum. We had a problem with the room light when we arrived and this was sorted very quickly with no fuss. The rooms are small but, in London, unlees your are Elton John or Sting, they always are! They are also somewhat ""tired"" and in need of a spruce up. However the whole place is clean, there are vending machines for drinks etc on all the floors, a choice of in house resturants, and a gym etc. The service was good and, for London, we thought it was very good value for money. On the whole would highly recommend.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All around great,"Regular visitors to London and will always use this hotel when staying for a long weekend. Location is fabulous, although a bit frustrating that the central line is closed from Tottenham Court Road station at the moment. Waking distance to soho and theatre land. Leisure complex next to hotel provides a good pool and sports facilities but still feel this should be included in the hotel package. £5 to use the pool. Overall though, this is a real winner. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for a good price for central London,This is a nice enough hotel in a fantastic location. Rooms aren't huge but it's about a minutes walk from Oxford St. It's been clean and warm every time I have stayed here.  Ideal for a few days in London and very very central -,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel,"Good location ,poor value for money and very small room , breakfast was very poor , found human hair in the scrabbled eggs , service in the breakfast area was non- existent . Hotel has large construction site next door so very noisy at the moment .       ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Well-situated hotel, good service","The location is great, between the British Museum and Tottenham Court Road tube, and it's clean. Rooms are tiny, but you are not in London to spend time in your room. I got a good price via a hotel booking website, and when I arrived they upgraded me and included a free breakfast, which I had not paid for. Two smallcriticisms: wifi is not free, and there was no shaver socket in the bathroom. But overall a good experience.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average hotel","I stayed here last week when I was in London for a conference. Located right next to Oxford Street it's a great location for shopping and sightseeing, with great transport links. However the hotel itself leaves a lot to be desired, my room was very small with basic facilities and surrounded by construction sites. The breakfast was adequate but very little provision for vegans.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay when going to Wimbledon championships,Terrible! We arrived an hour after designated check in to find our room had not been serviced. Room we had was tiny and dark. It cost us £218 with no breakfast. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.only plus was its location to places on interest.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cheap cheerful, fab location","Firstly this is not nor does it pretend to be a luxury hotel. I booked the hotel and started to read the reviews and began to feel nervous. The hotel is a stone throw away from Oxford Street. The rooms are very very small and we upgraded to a room with a small  sitting area. However if you are in London you don't spend much time in your room. I went with my sister we had at twin room the beds had no gap but were clean and comfortable. The bathroom had a lovely shower, the towels were fluffy but not large I like my bath towels to be huge. We were lucky to have air con. In our room so no issues with noise. Yes, there is building sites around the hotel but the noisy work starts at 8am. We didn't eat breakfast as there are loads of eateries around the hotel. The concierge are very…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate with good location,St Giles Hotel was just okay. Not an exceptionally welcoming environment. Cramped rooms with horrible lighting. Right now there is a massive amount of construction across the street making it too loud to open the window and making walking around the hotel neighborhood unpleasant. Charge for wifi but the bar downstairs has free wifi and let us sit and use our phones without pressuring us to buy a lot of drinks. Location was good but when I go back to London I will chose a different hotel.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for the centre of LDN,"I stayed here for 2 nights with my mum over a Friday and Saturday (in a twin).  The room was small (but we were planning on being out so all we were doing was sleeping) so that was fine.   There were no towels in our room so when we left for dinner we told reception. When we arrived back several hours later, there were still no towels. After a call to reception thy were brought up, so this was fine.  Yes it is noisy but it's in the corner of Tottenham Court Road (the end that joins to Oxford Street) in the middle of London, so expect nothing less! However, with some decent AC we could have gone to sleep without the windows open to minimise noise.  There were no teaspoons in our room, and even after pointing this out to the housekeeper, we didn't get any for the 2nd night either.…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a great experience,"The hotel is very run down.  My room smelled of smoke, was too hot and the mattress was like a blancmange.  I had a twin room just for myself but it was really small.  There are 4 lifts yet you still have to wait ages to get in one.  I wouldn't be happy if I'd paid for this myself.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central location for shopping,"Good breakfast, clean room, perfect location. The beds were not perfect (too soft) but the rooms are more than sufficient. You walk out the front door and you are immediately in the finest shopping street of london.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, brilliant Location ,terrible noise from near by building site !","Location was great ,near to Central London with in walking distance to all the main sights if not walking Tottenham Court Road tube station is only couple of minutes from the hotel . The hotel and Staff was good . HOWEVER our stay was spoilt by the VERY NOISY building site right below our room it was unbairable at times even with the windows SHUT we straight away asked to be moved but no alternative room was available that night . However the next day we were moved to the other side of the hotel which was slightly better but further building works from a different building project slightly further away from the hotel was noisy and they worked RIGHT THROUGH THE NIGHT but not so loud as long as you kept your window shut !",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,From The Moment We Checked In - Outstanding!,"I booked an overnight stay in London for myself and my wife, so the hotel choice was so important. We chose the hotel for the location to the West End and we knew we were getting a good deal on a superbly located hotel. I e-mailed the hotel with a request prior to staying and this request was met - a BIG thank you to the reservation team. Now I have stayed in hotels around the world and NEVER have I wanted to mention check in staff by name before. However, Aroa (I noted her name), was so friendly and efficient when checking us into our room. Aroa quickly entered into a conversation about where we live and had knowledge of the area. She was charming and helpful and an absolute credit to the hotel reception staff. When you consider that on this occasion we only stayed one night,…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"No ventilation, double payment","Be careful! We had to pay for the room twice; both during reservation and then again during check-in. We were not believed when we said the room was prepaid, but they assured us to pay us back if we were right. When we then during check-out showed them the printed reservation where it said it was already payed for and gave them the referance number and the date from my bank account, they still didn't believe us. We were just about to give it up, but found it unfair to pay double. We then did a final move and asked for the manager, and he sorted it all out.   The room is small, no ventilation neither on the bathroom nor the bedroom, window only in the bedroom and it is not possible to open properly. Not easy to sleep because of the heat and the noise from the street. Bring…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing,"Quite disappointing for the price we paid as was expecting much more. The room was tiny, barely room to move around. The ventilation was poor also. The shower door fell off on me as i tried to get into it!   Did not feel welcome upon checking in at the hotel as the receptionist had complications when looking for our reservation which took some time. She acted snootily, as if we we're not good enough to stay there. My boyfriend who regularly stays in hotels on business said he had never been treated like that before. Not a pleasant welcome at all!   One good thing is the location but other than that, wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central location, good rates",Nice friendly staff. Great location near Tottenham Court Underground station. Nice lobby. Rooms are small (stayed in a single room) but well maintained. Nice bathroom / shower. Good breakfast with a selection of hot and cold.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Great location! It takes less than 2 minutes to walk to Tottenham court road station. Sainsbury's , Burger King, primark, within 1 minute walk. Staff was helpful, the double bed room isn't big but clean, bed is comfy. Great value for money, probably would stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"brilliant location for London shows, shopping and sightseeing","A little walk from the underground. middle of Camden with direct access to oxford street shops and classic Soho great food and drinks. Hotel gives access to health center next door with swimming pool. Rooms pretty standard with all the usual tea making facilities although i was in a booking.com rated room which are generally basic, however staff are brilliant very friendly. There are various restaurants and eateries in and around the hotel and competitive prices and direct access to the casino for the big spenders !!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for central London I guess,"Stayed here for one night while attending a meeting at the hotel.   Location of the hotel is good, in central London on Bedford Avenue, walking distance to the theatre district and an easy Underground ride from City Airport. The Thames river and Big Ben were a short run away. I was booked into this hotel through work, so can't really comment on the price, but the prices quoted in the hotel seemed pretty reasonable considering the location in central London. Reception was fast and efficient and gave me a room on the 7th floor. They also handed me a coupon book, of which I used the casino voucher to win a free 20 pounds at the attached casino. Easy money!   The room I was given was right next to the elevator landing. When I wanted to prepare for the meeting, I noticed there was no…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small Rooms, Great Location","If you stay at St. Giles, it is usually because of the location more than anything else.  I have stayed here many times over the years, and the product remains constant.  The service at reception is generally polite and speedy, given the number of rooms and clients in the hotel.  The breakfast is most mediocre, and the regular rooms are tiny (but clean and well kept).  Upgrade one category on the room and you will at least have a spot to put down your bags.  Figure out your own Wi-Fi.  The location though, it fantastic.  Tube station 3 minutes away, lots of bus routes at your door step, the west end, oxford street, Leicester Square and more, all within walking distance.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible.,"Probably one of the worst hotels I've ever been to. Very small room with nearly non-functional air conditioning... Very old and out-dated hotel, no wi-fi... I'd rather pitch a tent than stay here again. At least in a tent, there are no false promises... Deplorable hotel.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Picked this hotel for the location, for that and the price it can't really be beat..room was small and very hot, no aircon had to try and sleep with the window open, which was no fun, very noisy even being on the 5th floor..breakfast was good loads of choice, would stay again, but think I would upgrade to a better suite..",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient and good quality,This was my first stay in this hotel. it was a surprisingly positive experience. the rooms are high up - I was stopping on the 11th floor - with an impressive view. The room is larger than similar hotels nearby and the service was polite and friendly.We didn't have breakfast - but apparently the breakfast room has good views.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Stayed here for 3 nights (Thu-Sat) and had a great stay.  The staff were helpful but not intrusive,our room (deluxe double) was clean and tidy (other reviews mention the size of rooms,and I will agree they are not huge but are adequate for a city break).  The location is fantastic and makes all major landmarks of central London very accessible.  There are major building works going on in the area at the moment,but did not affect us as we were up early morning anyhow as so much to do and see!  Another criticism I have read in reviews was the wait for lifts,and admittedly....getting up to our room was easier than getting down!  The bar and eateries attached to the hotel are good,with a special mention the the VQ diner which catered to my partners gluten free diet with ease and…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but otherwise tired,"I spent three nights in a twin room with my friend. She had booked the room via booking.com and we thought the price wasn't bad because all hotels in London are expensive. The pictures on their site looked good and I thought we'd made a great deal.  The best part of this hotel is its location. It's close to Tottenham court station and Soho. The building itself is big, ugly and tortuous. Our room was pretty boring: old wall-to-wall carpet, no AC, no free WiFi and our price didn't include breakfast. I don't even know how much breakfast would've cost because no one told us. The room and bathroom had poor lightning. Bathroom had a shower in a tub and one hook for towels.   I have to say I was disappointed and won't be going back. I find this hotel boring and too expensive.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Couldn't ask for more!!,"Paid £284 for two nights B&B in deluxe room for me and my 8 yr old son as a surprise for him as he has ""Autism through trauma"" (he displays autistic traits by way of a coping mechanism after his dad left and I nearly died when he was 22 mths old) and despite us being told not to expect too much he is performing brilliantly at school and we've just been told he's gifted at table tennis and swimming so thought he deserved it. Checked all the reviews and found lots of people complaining about construction work so I contacted the hotel directly and requested a quiet room as noise can cause sensory problems for him which they were more than happy to do. Keiron (Concierge) Was awesome and reassured me about things like taxis and that the tube really was safe to travel late at night…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab 1st stay at St giles,"Having stayed in travelodge in london we thought we would try St giles as it had been recommended by colleagues. Was a little bit cheaper as well which was a bonus. I had asked for a room near reception and and bath if possible. Didn't get either. Booked an executive double room  and wasn't disappointed. On the seventh floor. Bit of a trek from reception and only 4 lifts. Room was perfect. Double bed with cabinets either side and reading lights. 2 comfy chairs and a coffee table near the windows. Air conditioning worked well. Small fridge and tea/coffee  tray with Cadbury hot chocolate and nice biscuits! Bonus! 2 bottles of water in the fridge everyday. Bathroom was small but ok. Large shower big enough for 2! Water pressure was great. Luxury shower gel,soap and shampoo stocked…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location,"Spent one night here in June to celebrate my birthday in London and see a show! The location is perfect, very central and next door to Tottenham Court Road tube. We had a deluxe twin on the 12th floor with great views! Breakfast was included and was good with an excellent choice . Wouldn't hesitate to use again! One grumble was no free wi fi throughout the hotel!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Stayed for one night, as soon as we checked in and we went to our room we could smell the bedding (duvet cover) it was not clean and really smelt dirty and used. We went straight down and was assured it would be changed, this was 1.30pm.  We didn't get back until almost midnight and the cover had not been changed. Yuk. It was very late so we just had a sheet to cover us.  There was so much hair down the plug hole it looked like a mouse had died down there.  Have stayed at this hotel a few times before but this time was really disappointed with the cleanliness.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short Break,"After staying here previously, we thought we would upgrade to a 'deluxe room'. How disappointing this was - whilst it was clean and the bed was comfy, there was no bedside cabinet on one side of the bed, the loo seat was wonky, we had difficulty in adjusting the shower temperature, and oh, quite importantly - our room was directly opposite the building site which came alive around 8am and continued until about 18.00pm - not impressed and this was not mentioned to us when we booked the room. We arrived around 16.00pm and had to wait as our room was not ready, despite the '14.00pm check-in time.'  Don't do Wi-Fi, but for those who do, there is a charge...",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The rooms where so small you couldn't swing a cat.,"After booking our holiday from Australia quite a few months ago, we arrived at the hotel to find out the room we had booked were so small you couldn't even fit people and suitcases in the same room. It was also over looking a construction site and the only ventilation was an open window, it was. So loud, the other room we booked was a single and it so small the door wouldn't open fully, and it did not smell at all clean. Even though we had prepaid for these rooms, we got. Out of there as fast as we could.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A second enjoyable visit,"Having found the St Giles to be very conveniently located on my last stay in London, I decided it would be good place for two old school friends to Mark our 70th birthday year. In many ways it was even better than I remembered it to be. The V and Q restaurant I did not remember even being there the first time around and was we'll worth the many visits we made, the food was superb, as were the breakfasts in the hotel itself. Hotel staff were extremely efficient and polite. The only downside was the noise from building works close by for which the hotel cannot be held responsible but which went on we'll into the night, and which woke us early in the morning even on the 5th floor. Curtains or darker blinds at the window may have helped a little especially as we had difficulty…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location ideal but was overcharged in error and still not received my refund.,"The facilities were adequate but was overcharged in error.  I accept this was a genuine mistake and was given a receipt/ notice of a refund immediately and expected the amount would be deposited in my bank account straight away. After all they took it out straight away! Not so!  After numerous phone calls and promises saying ""I will do it today!"" I still have not received my refund.  Seriously not impressed.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Went to London for a show staying at the St Giles hotel  room was great lovely and clean staff were helpful would definitely stay there again it has four restaurants one open 24 hours and a casino it is around the corner from Oxford street so lots of shopping as well ,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Value, Great Location and Great Staff","Stayed overnight while attending a 2 day work course. Very central location close to good public transport but also walkable to many central London areas. Very friendly and helpful staff, easy check-in and out, good variety breakfast for 3 star hotel and better quality than some other bigger 3 star hotels I've stayed in in central London. Excellent place to stay if on more of a budget for work purposes or sightseeing in London. Only slight niggle was shower/toilet room very small and no conditioner (more for the ladies I think?) and a little noise heard as double glazing not the best but did not affect me sleeping.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A bargain for central London,"We wanted a cheap room for just one night & this fitted the bill at just £103.  It is just off Oxford St, not far from the British Museum & just a 10 minute walk to theatreland. It was quiet until about 5am & then there was slight street noise, presumably from clubs turning out (we stayed on a Saturday night).  We picked the cheapest room but it was adequate if quite small & the shower room was compact.  However it had everything you would need including a safe & a kettle. The buffet breakfast was better than I expected for £9.95 & served in pleasant surroundings.  The staff we dealt with were all very pleasant & efficient. Next time we may try the next price bracket to see if the room size justifies the price.  There will be a next time!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location!,"Excellent location with the train/tube station and bus stops just a few steps away from the hotel, which makes it very easy to travel around London. Hotel rooms are very clean too. However, the hotel staff could have have been more helpful.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hothouse,"We stayed at this hotel whilst on a weekend trip to London for our anniversary. The location was excellent, 5 minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube and it was reasonably priced for a London hotel.  The staff were helpful and courteous and we could access our room on arrival at 11.30 am. We were put in roof terrace 4. Wow! I said, that sounds nice, it is said the receptionist!  When we got up to our room, (floor 13 via two lifts) we were happy with the room size and layout, the view, as you can imagine, was splendid looking out over the rooftops of London. The room was unbearably hot and the window, understandably only opened a couple of inches from the top. The temperature outside was around 18 degrees. We cranked up the air conditioning on the lowest setting and went out to…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Late room allocation,"I booked two rooms at this hotel for work colleagues attending an awards ceremony in London. Check in is advertised as 2pm, although we were unable to access the second room until 3.20pm. Upon booking I requested the rooms to be allocated next door to each other, however this was the reason given for the late check in. If a request cannot be met I would consider it to be polite to let the customer know in advance.  The rooms are small, no frills, but clean. The noise from the surrounding area throughout the night did keep my colleagues awake unfortunately. Upon submitting an online review I did get a call from a member of the hotel staff to state that I could have had rooms separated, but that not all rooms were available at 2pm check in. No ology or willingness to listen…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Si Giles hotel,"The best priced hotel , rooms are clean and functional, hotel is so central it is unbelievable, the room is small , but for the price what else do you except it is honestly the best value hotel around. I have stayed there about 3 times and have booked ot go again, my friends all go there now, best value.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tourist hotel in a good location,"Spent about a week in London and stayed at the St. Giles. No regrets. Close to the West End action and much cheaper than some in the area. This hotel is also frequented by bus tours - Ugh. The room was good though small (almost Japanese hotel room small). We did not partake of their restaurants and went to a much, much better buffet down the street for breakfast. Concierge staff was very helpful",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cramped, hot, noisy, uncomfortable.","If not for the location within easy walking distance to the British Museum, decent water pressure, and the staff, who were courteous, there would be nothing to recommend this place. Room and hall dimensions recollect former generation cruise ships. No AC, unless the high tech rotating fan is considered. At best, accommodations are dated and worn. Warning to all: there is currently serious construction across the street, significant street noise, and trucks regularly unloading at local stores at all hours. Webster's definition of cacophony: the St. Giles, London. No sleeping at this place without sedation, ear plugs or alcohol. Good luck if you have no other choices.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but that's  it,The hotel is in a grwat location close to Oxford and to the tube.   The rooms are quite small.  Currenty there is construction or side of the hotel.   The service was good but the hotel feel old.   No free WiFi and the prices for Internet are outrages.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I think i will book it again,"Positive thing is that hotel is centrally located walking   distance to soho, Oxford circus,covent  Garden hotel is just off Oxford street. Tube station Tottenham Court Road --- rooms are very small and bathroom tiny. I stayed last week 4 nights spent 442GBP room  only for a double ( not bad)",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,an ok hotel for a very short stay,We were booked in by Edexcel exam board and as tagging along with wife cant really complain too much. .To have a sitting room with bedroom was a handy surprise but very little by storage. The empty fridge was also handy. The Tvs were very good and easy to use but lack of free wifi in bedrooms was annoying though good to have it in breakfast room. . The included breakfast in VG restaurant was unusually not a buffet and service though obliging could be slow depending on staff on duty. The lack of proper aircon was annoying as opening window made for a lot of street nightime noise as has been said.- dustcarts and oiks coming out of clubs and bars late. The bar prices are atrocious but  Hudsons restaurant has good menu and very friendly staff.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room and reception staff not helpful,Booked single room but was really tiny. Had issue around booking and reception staff not helpful - onus  put back on the customer to check booking details despite the fact that email showing booking was given to reception staff.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,For center location only,"I have visited St.Giles again and I think my first review 2,5 years ago was a bit too generous... Well first time I was for business and on my own, a very short trip. This time coming for a long weekend with my family and children our expectations were not really met. The rooms are really, really SMALL. Hard to move around them. The equipment is very basic although I must be fair - the price of St Giles compared with other hotels in this location is low indeed. But this hotel, although its staff was really nice and tries to be helpful, needs a serious investment. Leaking showers, half opened windows (thanks God it was warm outside!) and even if an effort is made to keep it clean, it all looks neglected and dirty unfortunately. It is also extremely noisy at night (all possible…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
3369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hotel fine but outside issues at time of stay,"We stayed at the St Giles for a theatre visit overnighter. We have stayed there before and it is ideally located and the price is always good for us . When we arrived on Friday afternoon the room was  (as before ) a quirky funny shape. Very compact & bijou but clean and modern .Bedroom and bathroom were in good shape and no issues at all.  Unfortunately outside our window was another story.      Directly below our 8th floor room was a very noisy building site.Alot of machinery and site traffic. We assumed it would only be for the Friday but annoyingly at 6:30am on Saturday morning the lorries started lining up and an hour later the concrete crusher started . That put an end to our lie in , gutted .We don't hold the hotel to blame but it spoilt our stay . We got ready,  had a…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,I've stayed at this hotel a few times before and loved it unfortunately this will b my last visit the location is great but everything else was a let down we was put in room 832 which was awful it was overlooking a building site which was very noisy and resulted in getting no sleep..the room was also very small and boiling hot but if u opened the window was too noisy..the bathroom was tiny and had no hot water the staff was friendly but that was the only good thing apart from the location as a regular visitor to London will be going somewhere else next time as this visit has really put me off st Giles.,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top hotel,My Girlfriend & I stayed here for a week. Could not fault the service from the time I stepped out of the taxi on crutches cause of a broken leg. The staff couldn't do enough for me or my girlfriend very very helpful indeed. Definitely go back there,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful,"This hotel is outdated, tired, and uncomfortable.  Our double room was about the size of my closet at home.  The linens were tired, the bathroom tiny, and the amenities tiresome.  There was no air conditioning and the windows don't open fully.  When they were open the room filled with kitchen exhaust.  The breakfast was adequate, but not up to American standards.  The coffee frequently ran out and was not refilled.  The staff was pleasant.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location breakfast not good,Very basic hotel nothing really interesting apart from the location. Breakfast is so poor. Found one jam spread with moulds on it. I reported it to the manager itself so that they are aware of it. Its good that he apologise. Receptionist is a bit unwelcoming.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay ,"I stayed in the St Giles for the third time with family. Excellent value are£50 pp per night. Really central, clean and comfortable. Bar and restaurant good too. It is over the YMCA with a 25m pool which you can use for £5 per go. Will stay here again. Great restaurants nearby too.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Weekend,"Stayed here a few times for weekend trips to London and have always been satisfied, the location is perfect, hotel tidy and staff friendly & very helpful, the restaurant & bars good.. so will continue to stay here as ticks all the boxes. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap but basic.  Not much better than a hostel ,"Central location is its only redeeming factor.  Close to soho Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road.     This tired old hotel, staffed by the rudest individuals found in the universe is probably one of the most uncomfortable nights I've had the misfortune to stay in a hotel.    The rooms are tired and shabby.  Expensive and slow wifi.  No air conditioning.  Noisy.  Cheap bedding with awful sheets.  Crap breakfast.    Have stayed previously in and executive room which is moderately better but the rest of the hotel remains the same.  So it's lip stick on a pig really.   This place is about volume.  Get them in get them out.   If all you care about is somewhere to put your head down then this is the place.  If you want to feel welcomed  and enjoy your destination move on and look…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Really good location that gives value for money, but....","Prices @ 100£ per night is really good value because of the location.  Rooms were quite small, but perfectly alright.  Soho is just around the corner with walking distance to both Leicester Square and Piccadilly Circus. 10 minutes walk to Oxford Circus.  Awful breakfast. No free wifi is frustrating",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Functional,"This hotel is in a very convenient location. Our twin room was small with a long window which had a limiter on so could only be opened a small amount, but obviously, it was noisy when it was open. There is no air conditioning and I am afraid the fan didn't work in the small but functional bathroom, therefore, our room did smell a little stale. However the room and bathroom was very clean. Check in was very quick and because we had prepaid and not added anything to our room, check out was literally dropping your key in a box. Breakfast was a buffet and felt very much like a cafeteria, with sectioned areas.  Food was absolutely fine. We didn't have much contact with staff but when we did they were friendly and courteous . Overall - for a 1 night stay it was adequate and if you…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Awful - uncomfortable, noisy and cramped","*Quick summary:* - Bedroom: tiny and dark, bed uncomfortable - Bathroom: extremely tiny and dark - Cleanliness: good - Noise: quite noisy - Staff: pleasant but not well trained/managed - Breakpast: poor quality, ok choice   *More Detail:*  I tend to always choose the same kind of Hotels wherever I stay - decent but not luxury. At 100 GBP for a single room per night, and judging from the photos I expected this place to be ok. Well the photos are misleading to say the least!   The receptionist was a little incompetent, but pleasant enough and so I was patient about that. However, after waiting a good few minutes for the lift to the 10th floor, I located my allocated room.   Room: I couldn't believe my eyes - the room was less than 2m wide and less than 3m long, with a tiny window…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lmac,"Stayed at hotel with my daughter for two nights on 10th June to see a show for my birthday. We had a standard twin room on sixth floor. The room was clean, no problem with noise inside or from outside hotel. Beds were comfortable and slept well. Hotel in perfect location for sight seeing and theatres etc. Staff were polite and friendly in the hudson bar, reception area and the concierge desk. I look forward to another visit soon.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,For the Marathon,"We booked twin rooms, small and strangely shaped rooms. But certainly good enough for one night.  Reminded me of the high rise hotels in Chicago. Hotel attached to a casino, pub restaurant in one side and a diner style on the other.  We were advised not to go for the hotel buffer breakfast so went to the diner. London prices, but great quality. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"I gave it 1 out of 5 for its convenient location...room dark, featureless with no view, hot and if you open the window to its constrained position you will not sleep due to traffic and people noise. You spend a lot of time waiting in cues for everything including reception and breakfast, with the latter of poor quality. Overall the hotel gives a good first impression but is tired and dated. Will not stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,"I stayed here for two nights in room 102 on 12th-14th June'15. This was a deluxe double room with a separate living area. The living area was ok, it had a 2 seater leather sofa bed, large air con unit, table, desk/chair and a open wardrobe in corner. The safe and mini fridge were there too. The bedroom had a good size double bed but this led to only having around 12"" each side between the bed and wall. The bathroom was rather small. For a Deluxe room, I expected a more spacious area. The room was quite clean but there were some black scuff marks on the walls and a patch of loose plaster, which had not been properly finished off and painted, where a tc had been hanging. There is currently a demolition/rebuild across the road from the hotel, which i was told about on checking in.…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"small but lovely room, great location",stayed here last year with my boyfriend for two nights and loved it. the guy who checked us in was such a friendly person and we spoke about the theatre for a long time. our room was small but really really lovely. we could see the london eye from it. it was a really clean hotel too. the location is amazing as well right by the dominion theatre and by oxford street. really handy. was quite expensive but was worth the money. would stay here again. went in april 2014 but can't choose that as a travel date.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not the best ,"The reception of the hotel looks impressive and modern staff fairy friendly on booking in. Rooms are in need of modernisation and very small we were on the 2nd floor of 11. I was more than thankful for the electric fan we found on top of the wardrobe, room was very hot and stuffy and smelt like old socks (that's the only thing that comes to mind) I guess the price reflects the type of accommodation given so can't really complain too much. It was within walking distance of the theatre we were visiting and within walking distance of Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square etc. Breakfast had a good a variety of choice from yoghurt, fruit, cereal and a cooked breakfast. All in all it was just a bed for the night we didn't spend along time in there so if that's all you want/need then this is…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed for 1 night and chosen for closeness of Dominion Theatre, which was very close indeed.  Had a very good meal in Hudsons House before show.  Very tasty and good service.  Room small and very hot, can only open window a small amount, due to safety reasons, would much prefer aircon, but made do with a desk fan instead.  Very small double bed and not overly comfy.  Shower was poor, about the same as my touring caravan for pressure.  Agree with others did not like the one fits all soap, shower gel and shampoo.  Breakfast OK bit like a works canteen. May stay again but think you need to up your game a bit",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but clean... good location!,"Stayed for a short visit. Great location with a pub just next door (downstairs really) but value for money.  P.S. Basic fulfilment on size of room, the room itself and the bathroom. Cleanliness is standard.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but perfectly formed. Good location.,"Teeny tiny rooms and bathrooms but perfectly adequate for our needs. Good location. Close to tube station and bus stops. British museum close by. Shops, coffee shops, banks and eateries very close by. Boots and small supermarket at the end of the road to pick up any forgotten essentials. Concierge staff were friendly and helpful. I'd recommend it. Clicked for 3 average rather than 4 very good but i'd class it as good!",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal base for theatres and sight seeing,"Stayed here for our Silver Wedding when we were visiting two shows. Chose hotel based on location primarily and generally wasn't disappointed.  Rooms- we had a delux double room ( 501) which on first entering looked very cramped where the bed was until we realised there was a separate lounge with a TV; sofa ; desk/ dressing table; mini fridge ( free) and safe ( free). View wasn't great as we looked down Tottenham Court Road and the BT Tower. Furthermore, there is a building site directly across the road which is very noisy from 8.30am to 6.00pm so if you intend to chill out in your room beware. The windows are not very sound proofed and we had street noise even on the 5th floor all night. Also the blinds are ineffectual and curtains would have made it easier to sleep at this…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only location is really good,"The bed was lumpy, blinds not efficient enough to hold the light. (what's wrong with curtains?)  They advertise about toiletries, don't hold your breath you have to wash your body, hair and hands with the same bottle of soap.  Noisy rooms.  Shower was so small I could barely bend.  You have to pay extra for WIFI. Hallo it's 2015!!! Every budget hotel offers it for free. A few positive things, staff was friendly and the location is good.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
3391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for excellent location,"Agree with many others, the rooms are very small. My Mum and I shared a deluxe twin; its a bit bigger than a standard twin. Although compact, it was clean and comfortable. The view from our window overlooked Big Ben. The shower had good hot water and pressure in the morning but not in the evening. This aside, we were delighted with the helpfulness of the concierge staff; extremely courteous and helpful with my 91 year old mother. A passage way connects the hotel with VQ restaurant; an absolute gem of a place! Fabulous staff, great food and the best coffee in London! The YMCA gym was a bonus - you need to purchase a five pound token per visit but this gives access to all areas. The location is the Hotel's best asset. We thoroughly enjoyed our walk to St Martin's Theatre to see…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location.,"Good location and good value. Nothing more and nothing less. We always stay at St Giles when in London due to its closeness to Soho, Covent Garden and Oxford Street.  On the negative side, Wifi is not free of charge and the queue to the lifts is always miles long...",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location! Excellent value.","I have stayed here several times for business and pleasure. Agree with other reviewers, rooms very small, especially the single ones, which with the wood panelling, can be slightly claustrophobic. However, you won't find anything better value for money in this location, for shopping, theatre, Covent Garden, Soho and Chinatown easily walkable. The food is good value and the 24hr diner good food and the bar has a good atmosphere. Staff friendly. Biggest downside is waiting for lifts but this is a very busy 24hr hotel in a major international city.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very small rooms,stayed at this hotel for the second time i thought the first time was just bad luck with regards to the room size as it was a last minute booking however  we ended up with a room this time just as small I spoke to the  receptionist   to see if this was a standard size room they insisted I speak to the duty manager although I was only enquiring for the next visit so I could mention I did not want that room again  the duty manager came to speak to me I asked him was this the standard room size whereby he replied yes they were all the same   the room in question was num 253  you went through the corridor door and had to close this door to gain access into room 253 as the corridor door opened against the door to room 253 on opening the door to room 253 the door could not be opened…,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK value for money,"Ok value for money. The room was very clean, but beds and bathroom rather small. This moment in time a lot of noise next to the hotel due to some maintenance / construction of another building. No free wifi. Staff ok friendly. Graig gave some good advice regarding an italian restaurant nearby.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A good second visit,"I returned to this hotel as I had such a good first visit. This time was good but not as good. I booked a deluxe room which was actually a small bedroom, with a slightly bigger room which had a two seater sofa, desk, hanging space etc. (good to this point) however one of the smallest bathrooms I have ever seen in a hotel. The room was on the second floor and therefore the road and street noise was much more obvious (my first visit was in a higher floor). This visit I got a chance to make use of the Hudson Bar which was excellent and had a look at the Sage & Chilli restaurant which again looked very good. Hotel is in an excellent location and even though this stay wasn't as good as my last I think I will give it another go and try to get a room on a higher floor. The online check…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two nights to forget,Probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. My partner and I were subjected to a tiny double room overlooking a building site. The hot water in the bathroom took ages to come through the taps. I have stayed in better holiday camps. Breakfast was like a cattle market with bare tables and mugs for your tea. Getting back to your table with your breakfast was like taking part in an assault course. Staff were very pleasant God bless them but they needed to be I would guess. My advice would be to get drunk before you go to your room as it would ease the pain of your disappointment. Location was great though.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City Break,"Perfect!   Location was amazing, right on Tottenham Court Rd for the tube and theatres! We were on the 12th floor and the view from the rooms were fantastic, especially at night.   Rooms are exactly what is needed, on the small side but completely functional.   The no.1 choice when staying in central London. ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Low cost low comfort great location,"Picked for location to visit West End theatre, Covent Garden and for Thames Embankment. Great for these and Oxford Street shops. The room was very small and so was the bed which wasn't the most comfortable.  Shower room cramped. Breakfast was good",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful hotel rooms,Stayed here some years ago and was disappointed then. Small single room felt like I was in a caravan.  This time someone booked me a double room and I emailed asking for a quiet room away from traffic and air con fans.  Arrived late and asked about my request and was told yes I was in a good room. It was awful - right next to Tottenham Court road overlooking the busy street and on the 2nd floor. It was as if they had my request and thought he can have the worst room. It even took me a while to find the miniature light switches hidden beside the door frame.  I rang reception and explained that the room wasn't great and was then told they hadn't received my request and they were full.  Next morning I left at 7.30 and checked out - when asked if I enjoyed my stay I told them no as…,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,Hotel is great location - short walk to Tottenham Court Road tube. Very busy expecially at breakfast time. Staff pleasant and helpful. Leisure facilities on site if you have the energy and also Casino (if you have the Money)! Will be back in October  Booked to stay again in October,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Strategic position,"I appreciate Quality of St Giles hotel during My Last trip in London. Price is low considering position very useful. Clean room And Good position are Main reasons To come Back again in this hotel. But i also have To Tell about non positive things i see: The room is quite Small And no free internet access is available. Bathroom is quite Small but clean; cabin shower is regular. My feedback: Even You want To stay in London in a week end, St Giles is ok; if u need To stay for more than a weekend maybe is Not solution for You. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Are you a deep sleeper?,"Are you a deep sleeper? If so this hotels a good central london hotel at a very reasonable price and perfectly decent rooms. It's clean and tidy with very few frills but perfectly good rooms if a bit small. So what could possibly be wrong with it? Due to no fault of their own they have a major building excavation going on a matter of yards from them. I'm talking major - a complete station being built and numerous buildings having been pulled down. There's drilling and rumbling throughout the night. Absolutely no problem if you sleep deeply, or don't mind not sleeping much. It will improve but askibg for a room on the side facing away from the building site is my advice",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, except WiFi","Better than most four star hotels we have stayed in, located within walking distance of central London, the service was excellent and breakfast quite good. Top score if not for the ridiculous WiFi charges",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and comfortable rooms,"St giles is perfect for tourists: Close to Oxford street And not far from Covent garden, Piccadilly circus and regent street. Perfect for shopping and businnes. Very Good breakfast and comfortable rooms.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I got the broom cupboard...  ,"How small can a room be?  Tell them.you are claustrophobic, and you get the smallest room. I asked directions public transport email. They told me to take the bus from St Pancras. The stop is across the station. This actually means a block around the corner. They made me get off one stop too far... Will see how this sorts out in the 3 nights I am here. Location seems fine.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great hotel in central London 2 mins from Tottenham court tube station,and near a lot of main attractions in London.Very helpful staff got a early check in and was able to leave my suitcase all day for £1 charge on the day I checked out.Room was small but clean and bed was comfy.Shower was nice powerful and hot.Didnt have breakfast but evening meal was nice and reasonably priced for London",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Break in London,"My husband and I visited St.Giles for our first anniversary. We found it very plesant, room just right considering we were only sleeping in it and it was a very central location so that was useful. Staff were plesant and new towels were put in the room every day",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,"This hotel is perfect for a city break. We couldn't understand the poor reviews as the room was lovely, comfortable bed, extra pillows, very clean. The bathroom was fine and ours had a bath and shower. The breakfast is really good and they even had gluten free bread, you just have to ask when you are at the hot buffet counter.  Some reviewers moaned about waiting for the lift, it wasn't an issue for us. I would recommend it and I would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Located literally 2 minutes away from Tottenham Court Road underground station, St Giles is 5-10 minutes away from British Museum, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden etc on foot.  Plenty of many good eateries in the neighbourhood.  Room is compact and functional.  As it is right on Tottenham Court Road, traffic can at times be noisy.  Thanks to the double glass, I could barely hear it.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,NEVER AGAIN,"This Hotel may be ideal for London but rooms are so small and overall the Hotel is very unclean. This Hotel needs some TLC. The breakfast facilities are terrible, you have to queue with a tray which makes you think of Prison. Very over priced for what you get.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location good. Ok for short stay,"Stayed for one night. Hotel is in good location as central London base especially for Oxford Street. This was a business trip and hotel served its purpose but I would not want to spend a holiday here. My Double room was small and the shower room very small. Unfortunately my room was close to the lift, so quite noisy. The noise from the street below was also a high level (despite being on one of the higher floors) The Restaurant food was good and there was a good variety of food at breakfast. Check in/check out very efficient even though it was a busy hotel. Hotel staff very pleasant.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poorly equipped Executive Room,"Executive room booked with booking.com.  Very small room, no dressing table. Worktop which held the kettle doubled up as writing desk, hairdryer located underneath worktop & the safe took up half of this worktop, with better planning this could have been placed on shelf above. Fridge on floor in corner not easily accessible. No drawer unit for folded clothes. Reception staff were friendly & helpful. Even though we were booked in an executive room our breakfast was served in the VQ restaurant which was also a 24 hour café with access from the street, & not the actual hotel restarant  No iron & ironing board in room",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Just returned from 5 night stay at the St Giles.Hotel seems well managed and busy, booked a double room,nice new looking bathroom but small cramped double room , barely a foot of wardrobe space with about 8 coat hangers , and a few small shelves ,no bigger than what you would get in a travelogde ,ok if you are staying a night or two ,a bit out dated , no air con so was particularly warm at night even though weather was cool.Small window with a Venetian blind but even when closed let the light in,so not dark even at night.Breakfast good value , good selection of food  but bit of a scramble even at 8am.disappointing no free wii fi in this day and age I believe they charged £10 for 24 hrs! ,and heard was poor connection at that.All in all for what we paid was disappointing in terms…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Great Location,"It's a good hotel right in the middle of London,next to the west end. The staff were lovely the rooms are basic and clean. There is a lovely breakfast here worth getting out of the bed for! The concierge couldn't be more helpful and the cleaning staff were friendly. I was very impressed and would def return",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal Location,"We did a theatre break and stayed here was an ideal location and within walking distant of the tube, the theatre, China Town, Leicester Square and many more restaurants & bars.  Superb price for what you get.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't waste your money on this old hotel,"We stayed here because we had 1 free night in London. At almost $200/night I was expecting something nice but at least passable. The hotel was very outdated & smelled weird. The check in took a long time & our room was very small. There was a weird thing in the shower that hadn't been cleaned in years. The ""free wifi"" didn't reach the rooms so you'd have to be in he lobby for a shot at the internet. The restaurant was like a middle school cafeteria & my wife felt sick afterwards. This is a place any sane person wouldn't hopefully book in the first place but would definitely never stay there twice. It should cost around $75/night for the value. ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You pay for what you get ,Ok but has to be one of the most noisy hotels I have ever stayed in.  May have well stayed outside as it felt like I was sleeping on the side of a busy road anyway.  Very average at best although the adjoining restaurant was pretty good. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Value for Money,"I stayed with family for three nights, in a small single and a twin room. I was amazed at the value of the place. Because of the price we paid I wasn't expecting much... how wrong I was, the hotel and rooms were spotlessly clean, a huge choice for breakfast and the main bar again was excellent VFM and great atmosphere.  Highly Recommend this hotel",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location for theatres, but.......","Hotel chosen for a celebration and show.  My son arranged a surprise bottle of bubbly, chocs and sweet message from our family for the stay and before we left for the theatre.  Sadly the hotel failed to deliver to us, and the lame offer next day was did I want to take them home with me?  Finally offered a reduction on a future stay and complimentary  bottle.  So very disappointing.  So, I have to spend £100+ to finally get the 'surprise', I don't think so.  The room was an executive on 7 th floor with a small lounge area very nice bathroom, carpet a bit rucked and tatty, bed very comfortable.  Complimentary breakfast but waitress forgot our order and when it came it was luke warm and the 'toast' had been just shown the toaster!  As usual with so many hotels wi-fi chargeable in…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Much improved,"We have stayed at the St Giles on a few occasions now. However, the hotel has improved since our last visit. Some refurbishments have taken place but the staff were far more helpful and the breakfast was very, very good. Our room was fairly small but all we needed it for was somewhere to shower and sleep. The bed was very comfortaable. The location is excellent. My only criticism is the lack of wi-fi in the rooms.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London,"I stayed here last week (19th May) for one night with my son - we had two single rooms - very small.  However everything was very clean and all in good working order with tea an coffee making facilities.  We had a room only rate and had to pay for breakfast but there was everything you would expect from a buffet breakfast from cereals, hams and croissants to full English.  We were both on the sixth floor - my room was as corner room and I had a view of the London Eye (albeit fairly well obscured by other buildings in front of it).  For a mid-week one night stay it was suitable and the location is excellent - it is just off Oxford Street so you couldn't get more central!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"We stayed for one night, choosing the hotel for the close location to Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street. This is one of its main selling points. Unfortunately, the standard of the room is not. Our twin room was extremely small with a small 'window' covered with a blind. This did not allow adequate black out and led to a sleepless night. Combined with a lack of air conditioning and an extremely small bathroom, we unfortunately will not be returning.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London,Myself my mum and my daughter stayed here 18th-21st May 2015 ......amazing ....perfect location friendly helpful staff stunning room ...simply top notch xTube station on the door step oxford street too. We will definatly be back this year.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,a holiday in london with my daughter,"A very good location in a reasonable price the staff was very helpful. lucky for us we were upgraded to a bigger room, beacuse the room is very small. It has a coffee and tea at the room, so  you can relax after a long day walk",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Satisfied:),No complaints overall. For the price paid couldn't expect anything better.  Only downfall was the smell of fish and fried food in the corridor and at times in the room too. Won't mind booking this hotel again.                      ,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,THE PLACE TO STAY,"If you like to shop or even window browse then this is the ideal hotel to stay, with Oxford Sreet just around the corner along with Tottenham Court tube staion and Shaftesbury Avenue a stones throw away and Covent Garden a walk away, what could be more central? The hotel is obviously very busy all year round and booking early is essential, some of the rooms are on the smallish side but as you only sleep there what the heck. If you book breakfast it can be very very busy but there are numerous places to snack. Enjoy.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, central, convenient",This hotel was ideal for its central location.  Room was clean and staff friendly and helpful.  Although not used on this visit there is also an indoor swimming pool. The hotel is just across the road from Tottenham court underground which is convenient.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and cheap,Stayed here for a buisness conference. The staff are nice enough. The lifts are awful you can stand and wait to go up or down for quite sometime. The onsite restaurant is an aquired taste! It has a very unusual menu and the food is quite bland.  The hotel has the use of Hudsons House bar which is clean and the staff are friendly. The rooms are quite cramped and have only the basic amenities. A plastic shower curtain is very old fashioned. The bathroom are extremely small. The room was very cold and no aircon/ heating was provided in the room.....i had to call and ask for assistance. The bed is comfy but lacks pillows! The towel provided have been washed so many times they are quite rough and would benefit from new ones. T.Vs are provided and tea and coffee. I didnt understand…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good hotel in central London,"Good hotel, staff very helpful asked weather we would like second floor or high as nether us like height we took they lower floor. We wherein easy walk for Oxford street and all theatre even walk to Covent garden with plenty to see as we walk about. We will definitely go back again",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,The hotel is very convenient for the West End & British Museum. The rooms are clean & modern. breakfast is 'self-service' but plenty of choice & good. No restriction on the amount you can eat.I found it a bit noisy (outside) at 5 with some rowdies in the street & then building work starting up nearby. Very inconvenient that you can't use Tottenham Court Road Central line tube OR Holborn in the morning.No free WiFi & the lifts slow sometimes.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,the training facilities where you get free entrance just take the elevator down for a great round up in the swimmingpool,"st giles is situated at tottenham court road its close to all wc1 amnenities very practical and its good quality the heating system is great and the swimming pool to swell as the breakfast. you are coming out easy access with bus to camden and towards hyde park, marble arch further to knighsbridges all big shopping facilities all around take the sub to oxford circus and piccadilly circus too . why not take a short walk to kings cross and take the train over the scotland.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed!,"Stayed last week for three nights on business. My agent could only book a twin room, which isn’t ideas, but I was looking forward to staying as I had never visited before and the hotels website makes for good reading.  I arrived at 17.00 to a busy reception where I was informed that my booking was not in the system and if I wanted to stay I would have to pay for the first night whilst the booking was being sorted out. I called my agent and all was sorted within about 1/2 hour. I did worry that this would not be the case if I had arrived at 22.00 which is often the case.  The room was small and the bathroom (if you could call it that) even smaller, still it was reasonable clean. The sleeping experience however was terrible. My room was in one of the ‘dents’ in the building and…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
3434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cramped, Dank and Shabby","Hotel room was no bigger than a broom cupboard. Staff were rude, unhelpful and snappy. Concierge stood there and watched while we carried our bags up the stairs, apparently he was too busy to help. Breakfast in the restaurant resembled a cross between a tired factory canteen and a prison. Room was very noisy and stank, bed was uncomfortable, and there was rubbish in the bin when I arrived. Like Fawlty Towers without Manuel.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay away,"The rooms are tiny and stuffy. The shower is dirty. The noise is unbearable and the bed is maybe big enough for a couple of pygmys. It may be centrally located, but if you get no sleep at night, will you enjoy the sights? On top of it all, you have to pay extra for a rather unstable internet connection.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value and central location,Very busy hotel and well managed.  Recommend for a weekend away for someone wanting to visit the sights and Oxford Street. Big car park practically next to hotel which us a bonus.  staff very helpful.  Nice shower.  No complaints.   ,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location,helpful staff",Just returned from a 3 day stay in London.Stayed at this hotel several times before.Had a meal in the restaurant on the first night. spent the next 2 days of my stay in bed with vomiting and stomach cramps. I was with 3 other people and they were fine. I was the only one who had the fish.By all means stay at this hotel BUT DO NOT EAT AT THE RESTAURANT,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
3438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We were very impressed by this hotel, it was booked as part of a show and stay package but enjoyed where it was so much will stay here again, also a lovely cooked breakfast and although a busy area to eat it no one made you feel you needed to rush to vacate your table really nice stay.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful,"Rooms, small noisy, no air-conditioning, just a small fan. Bed &  furnishings okay. Shower leaked all over the floor. Front of house staff indifferent at best. Breakfast a rugby scrum and food quality dreadful. Full of coach parties, so long queues for what at best could be described as canteen foods. No ceiling in breakfast area - being renovated? (Certainly needs it). Long queues for lifts. Best thing was checking out and going home.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"This hotel is ideally located for visitors to Central London. The rooms are comfortable, if a little small. The staff are efficient, helpful and pleasant. Although the breakfast restaurant is a bit ""canteenish"" the food is very good with a wide range of choices. This was my second visit and I will certainly use it again on future visits to London.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One Night Stand,Really easy check in. Attentive staff and perfect location for the Dominion Theatre. The rooms are small but have everything you may need for a nights stay. There are a number of shops in really close proximity that stay open late for snacks and forgotten toiletry items. Lifts are a bit of an issue though as this seems to be a really popular hotel. The lifts on floors 1 to 3 (that I am aware of) do not have buttons to allow you to catch a lift going up! Very strange if you have family staying on different floors!,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Get's the job done...,"I needed an overnight stay before meeting friends at another hotel. A friend and I paid 99 pounds for this room. Twin beds, small bathroom, but nevertheless got the job done. The tube stop is very close. I only had to walk a block to get to hotel. Make sure you get a room that is away from the construction noise.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,This hotel is in a great location tube station just up the road but the central line doesn't stop there at the moment opens again in December. If you book a deluxe room you have breakfast in vq restaurant which is served to you cheaper rooms breakfast is self service in a different area which is also open to the public. The lifts are very busy not enough for the size of the hotel . Rooms are a little on the small side and so are the bathrooms but very clean and comfortable.Staff are friendly  and helpful  wifi is not free very pleasant stay and I would book again,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Got the basics right,"I needed an overnight stay in central London to make an early morning meeting. Checked out B&B's in the area, but most were fully booked. Eventually I found I could get into the St. Giles for £109, less than most of the B&B's. The hotel proved to be fine, not five star but more than adequate where it counts: decent sized room (with a little study area) clean, quiet, no problems. I didn't try the in-house restaurants, but for breakfast there's a nice little cafe called Cafe Klea, round the corner in Great Russell Street.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a citytrip,"Perfect hotel for a short citytrip. Underground Tottenham court within 1 min walking, british museum only 5 minutes away. Lots of shops and some restaurants around the corner. Supermarket across the street. In sum, the hotel has a great location.  The room was small but clean. It might be a little too small if you are traveling with some large suitcases. Breakfast was okay, not bad but also nothing special. The English breakfast was good, but if you are more a continental breakfast type then there is room for improvement. The only downside was that you had to pay for wifi. There is free storage for your bags upon arrival, but we had to pay £1 a bag on Sunday when we left.......",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The night from hell,Do I even have to give them one dot?  Don't do it! If you're thinking of booking here just read below and you'll see why you shouldn't. Originally drawn to the independent nature of this hotel my colleague did warn me it was very 'touristy'. Inside it reminds me if a New York hotel I once stayed in. It has its own casino and three places to eat. I arrived late at night after a long long day of work and travel. I wanted a comfy bed and good food. The noise levels in one of the eateries was so ear splittingly  loud I couldn't stand it and the other place was only slightly better.  The fish I had was ok but expensive!  My room was small and a single. It's to be expected in London at times but no where to hang my clothes?  There was admittedly a cupboard with hangers but my dress…,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in London,"Good hotel, and quite cheap too, if I remember correctly. Good location for weekend in London. Lifts are slow, haha. And there is no fridge in the rooms, which was a bit inconvenient. But otherwise a lovely stay as always in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location but frankly, it's wierd","This is my 2nd time at this hotel and I truly cannot work out if it were built as a hotel or was originally an office block or something.  It's just odd.  The rooms are small, neither of the ones I've had have been square - its like a hotel was an afterthought.   Anyway my 'odd' room was on the 1st floor overlooking a building site next door.  I called my husband on the phone and no word of a lie, I had to go out into the corridor to speak to him because of the 5, yes 5,  diggers outside - we couldn't hear eachother. Thankfully I went to the shops (great location ladies) and by the time I came back about 7pm they had finished.  They didn't start again until 8am so for that I am thankful. I had to get a refund on my breakfast as the queue was too long and I had to get to work but…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second stay,"The St. Giles is a good value in a great location.  The only problem was the poor lighting in the bathroom.  The staff is excellent, especially taking care of luggage and securing a cab.  We met a most delightful waitress in the VQ lounge.  Sarah was the most competent person in the food service industry we had during our entire trip in Europe.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok Hotel for Overnight Heathrow Stopover,"Room was comfortable and clean.  We were upgraded to what they called an executive room which puzzled me as it was fairly average so I'm not sure what a standard room is like.  But for the price and location it was perfectly pleasant,  not too noisy and we would stay again. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Okay, value hotel.","An okay hotel, this was booked by a company for me but I do not think I would book it for myself again. The rooms are quite small and mine had a very small window. It was clean but in the need of some TLC. It would have been better to ask for an ironing board and iron fir the room as the ironing room was busy and only one iron worked. Breakfast was okay, they h soy milk for me - everything is a buffet and was rather busy. More than one person dropped a plate while I was there. The breakfast room is comfortable and is at reading for a while as it was more comfortable than my room.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,not great,"As everyone says, great location, but the central line tube does not stop at Tottenham tube station only the northern line. we stayed for six nights and on the first night we discovered the mattress had sunk on one side with the springs sticking up. I reported it next morning and was told to pack our suitcases and they would change us to another room. the rooms are small with a small window. the dinning room is like a canteen. breakfast not great.Could not finish our meal we had in sage and chilli as the chicken was like rubber. like other comments the lifts can be slow, we found it quicker going down the stairs. the staff on reception were friendly and helpful but would not stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"This hotel was perfectly situated for all the theatres and within a very easy walk to the underground. Oxford Street was also very close by. The room was small but clean and comfortable. The main bar was lively when we arrived back at around 11pm and there was food available although we didn't eat here. Breakfast was perfectly adequate and all in all, I feel the hotel is good value for money in a great location and I will certainly consider staying there again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great rate Great location,"Stayed here in May and find it easy too find and in a great central location without braking the bank. found the room a little small with no bath just a walk in shower, but really i would not grumble about the facilities. We found the room quite hot and although there was a fan in the room we had to keep the window open to try and stay chilled but then the noise from outside (whoever thought of empting bottle bins at 3am must be nuts !) made us close it. Reception was fast and efficient and the concierge was helpful when called upon. The leisure facilities are off the scale and even a leisure centre would struggle to match although we didnt get chance to use. Tea & Coffee in the room and a small safe, I would recommend and definitely would stay here again Thanks again",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,Overnight stay for a fleeting visit to the capital. Our third time at this hotel. It's central location allows easy access to London attractions and the price is very reasonable for central London. We will definitely   return.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but the hotel needs a renovation asap!","First, the room is so small, that it was very difficult to open my (small) carry on bag. Then, the window of the room had no blackout curtains and no window blinds, and since this hotel is right in the city center, it let in a lot of light at any time of the day or night. We stayed there for 3 nights, and after the first night I had to go buy a sleeping mask and earplugs, otherwise I would not have slept at all during my stay. Also, the windows really need to be replaced (and upgraded). We had a constant draft in the room and we could hear every single noise from the street, even during the night, and we were on the 8th floor. I also didn't like their internet service at all. The internet is not included, so you have to pay an extra, but it is provided by an external provider…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent  service ,"A central london location ,excellent  hotel first class service, clean spacious comfortable  rooms ..staff very helpful nothing was too much trouble .In walking distance from covent garden .3rd visit can't fault st giles hotel .. A very satisfied  customer. ...",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Easter study trip,"I stayed here with a group of students in April, prior to arrival and on arrival the staff could not have been more helpful, we were allcoated rooms in the same corridor and when we did have an issue with one rooms location is was resloved that evening. We had dinner in the restaurant 3 nights and were very impressed with the food and service we recieved. Brekafast was good although very busy at 8.30am and with 15 people to get seated coudl be tricky but within 10minutes it was quite enought to sit together.  The hotel is very big and busy but the only issue we had was with the lifts, within our group not everyone could use the stairs and at busy times it was difficult to get into a lift as there does not appear to be a queing system even when it is very clear you are waiting…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient for central London,We had to visit London and decided to stay overnight and take in a show. The St Giles was the perfect location being a short walk from Prince Edward theatre. The hotel is large and impersonal and very busy. There were a lot of people with luggage waiting for the lifts on the ground floor so getting in one presented a challenge. On the 3rd floor the lifts took a long time to arrive. Our room was quite small but very clean and well equipped - no problem for a one night stay. There was a large scale demolition going on next door and the double glazing did not prevent the constant loud noise during the working day. The hotel has four restaurants and we ate in the Lobster Kitchen having a tasty reasonably priced meal which could have done with a bit more lobster. The buffet breakfast…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central and cheap,"I have stayed here a few times, the hotel is central and always very good rates in comparison to lesser starred places with similar locations. You get what you pay for in the sense that the rooms aren't huge, but they are absolutely fine for being the place you rest your head during your explorations of London Town.  ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central but mercenary,"I stayed once more at the St. Giles Hotel in Bedford Avenue. My standard room had everything one needs (tea- and coffee-making facilities, safe, hairdryer, fresh soft towels, liquid soap dispensers and a shower cap) – except air. For fresh air the window must be opened, which then admits the ceaseless city cacophony. A fan is provided, which at least keeps the air inside circulating when one is driven to sleeping with the window shut.  It was nice to have a bath tub; one needs simply to ask at reception.  There is also a very basic cafeteria for breakfast, which costs extra, and another around the corner, with dreadful coffee and stale granola. Rather head to the Starbucks nearby, in New Oxford Street. London’s largest health and fitness facility is situated beneath the St…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Be prepared for noisey breakfast,Room was really small but as a sole traveller this is what im normally given. My friend came up to room to help with lugguage and we had problems moving around the room  with two of us. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Breakfast is a bit like feeding at the zoo though with everyone rushing around might be because its sunday morning breakfast was ok lots of variety. Bed was really comfy had good nights sleep which is the main thing. Great location right near a tube stop and bus stops,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Base for Theatre land.,"Good clean hotel, ideal for visiting the theatres. Staff were very helpful, and the food was plentiful and tasty. The only thing I can fault is there is no free WiFi in the rooms, only in the communal areas & was quite slow, not able to use it fully.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If you need a bed this hotel is ok ,"Stayed here in a single room for a couple of nights and it was ok. This is a very busy hotel and reception can be queuing a lot of the time.  Facilities are ok, and concierge seem efficient.  Lots of sites are close by to walk to, and I pulled in a couple of theatre visits.  I'd stop here again if I just needed to put my head down somewhere. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average - needs some investment,"Any ""reasonably priced"" city centre hotels are not going to be a fantastic experience - they serve a purpose ie convenience at a budget. And most similar city centre hotels (London at least) do not provide spacious rooms; this is no different.   However, the bed was springy and uncomfortable, the pillows seem to lack any plumpness although were lumpy, the small window had no curtain only a blind within the glass (that let purple light stream into the room).   The bathroom tiny, the sink drain was blocked, the shower drain was blocked such that limited time spent in there by when the tray over spilled.   There was one small hand towel and a medium sized towel that was supposed to be for my wife and I (and were grey rather than white and well passed their best). I know I could've…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money in Central London,"Great location to Oxford Street walking distance to many tourist attractions,restaurants,theatres and train stations,hotel staff friendly and helpful, room was clean a little small but perfect for our short stay. The hotel was quiet at night and little to no noise from the street traffic. Would recommend getting the London Pass, and Oyster travel cards if planning to see the major sights of London.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Does its job, fantastic location, clean","I stopped here for four nights in April 2015. I had a two single bed room. The hotel is in a great location, the rooms are spotless, breakfast is fantastic, couldn't ask for much for. I could see the London eye in the distance from my bedroom window which was lovely. The only tip i can give is that the hotels computers which are available to customers at a charge, do not take USB pens, which was inconvenient for me as a university student in a assignment emergency. However there are many internet cafes around in London.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate Hotel!!,"Great location, but the room was on the small side, though still very comfortable, would probably stay again as for a few days break in London it was a place to sleep and shower, if you're looking for something more then there are other options!!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A perfect stay for an inner city break,"We've stayed here many times over the years but not enough of late. St. Giles is our hotel of choice when visiting London, primarily due to its location in the centre of London (5 minute walk to Leicester Square).   Sometimes the rooms have been near the street and therefore on a weekend can be quite loud at night but for the price of this hotel, it is a mere quimble.  The staff have always been great to us and while I don't remember eating at the hotel restaurant have heard buzzing reviews from others.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect location for london marathon,"we stayed here and despite the rooms being small , it's ideal for a marathon finish..lots of storage in room and clean but intimate ! service fab.. lovely staff let us check out later than normal and also minded our bags for us. Boots and Sainsbury across road and oxford street a stone throw",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,May long weekend,"My wife and I stayed here during the weekend of the VE Day 70th anniversary. We booked it months ago, but as the date approached we read reviews which were rather alarming, however, we found the hotel was ideal. The room was admittedly smaller than others we have stayed in, but it was clean, had a comfy bed and also an excellent shower in the stylish bathroom. The location is terrific especially for the price, and the concierge and the rest of the staff were very polite and attentive to our needs. Relying on previous reviws we didn't bother having breakfast here but ate out instead. That was until the final day when we were restricted by time, and we're glad we did. It was delicious, plentifull and there were plenty of free tables. We will definately be staying here again when…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location!,"Actually stayed in march 2014, this hotel is just off tottenham court road where it mets the wnd of oxford st and you are literally 2 mins walk to primark or subway station. Room was small but all we needed for a stay in london as we were so busy! location makes the hotel fairly noisy but this was only when we had the window open (as the weather was hot at the time!) Would recommend to anyone looking for a decent hotel in a great location. Fab cocktails in the bar downstairs also! :) ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,5 star service at 3 star prices,"Just back from weekend in St Giles, was a little nervous because although I had stayed in it before and been very happy with it I was now booking for 3 other people who are quite fussy ....Rooms are small but perfectly formed, the location is brilliant, just a walk to everything making it very good value for money at London prices but by far the most impressive thing is the friendliness of the staff at reception especially Omar (I hope I have the right name !!) it's amazing the difference a big smile and a kindly word can make to how you feel about a hotel. I am happy to say that our group of 4 came home feeling well looked after and impressed with the St Giles and will certainly recommend it others.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"very central, and very good value","I had a need to stay in London recently for a few nights.My only need was for a central location, with hotel facilities, and a high  standard of cleanliness.Without doubt the St Giles  met  these requirements.My single room was quite small but adequate.Most of all it was great value for central London, particularly if booked well in advance.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good position for most attractions,"Very pleasantly surprised at the quality of room, cotton sheets very clean, and friendly service ate here in the evening lovely food.  Public transport close by buses and underground. Within walking distance of lots of attractions.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money considering the location,"This hotel is ideally located for quick and easy access to a number of theatres and offers very convenient underground parking below the hotel. The room wasn't the biggest we've been in but it was of adequate size. It was clean and fresh (not dirty and tired and many hotels of this age tend to be) and my only complaint about the room, was a lack of a decent curtain as the blind failed to block out the bright early morning sunlight. Breakfast wasn't too bad (the orange juice was more water than juice & the choice was generally limited) but a cafe round the back of the hotel, would have probably offered a better choice and better quality.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"I've been with the family of my partner for 2014 New Year's Eve. Great prices for his central position near Oxford street and other important turistic places. Rooms are clean, not very quiet at night.",None,4.0
3478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Such a b....y experience, never again","Have to pay on arrival. The room is so small, you cannot swing a cat. Lift capacity is to small, queues in front of the elevator. Bedding is polyester, yuck.  Access to the gym costs extra.   For the  budget traveller who doesn´t mind quality, might be o.k. otherwise you are better off with a bed and breakfast, then you get at least breakfast. In my case it was not included. But I don´t feel like trying.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
3479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Trip,"Just spent a couple of days in London and stayed at the St Giles Classic Hotel.  Lovely place to stay, staff were great, rooms lovely and clean and beds amazingly comfortable.  If I had a tiny little niggle, it would be that the room could have been a little bigger, bearing in mind it was a delux twin.  That aside, great place to stay, great location and would certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor door staff,"Pleasant stay marred by pushy doorstaff trying to coerse me into an unbooked mini cab as opposed to what I wanted which was a Licensed London taxi, got the impression that there was some sort of arrangement between the doorman and the line of parked numerous minicabs outside the hotel.  I felt uncomfortable and would think twice about staying at your hotel again",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location great, hotel adequate","This hotel will do as a place to shower and sleep, otherwise you had better be outside enjoying Soho and the short walk to most of the main attractions of London.  My room came complimentary with my flight, if I had chosen it myself I would've  been very disappointed with my choice. Mouldy and ridiculously small bathroom, tea kettle full of scale, a single size bed with a terrible mattress. Wifi charges are a rort and the computers in the lobby are ancient and also very pricy. In this day and age you should be able to offer free wifi!",None,2.0
3482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, polite and helpful staff-especially Omar the General Service Manager.","Good location! Good price for London, even though the room is small. Casino is good fun, especially if you don't lose too much! Coffee shops,, Sainsbury's local and cashpoints close by! Ten minutes to Marylebone by taxi approximately £10. However, please avoid the Hudson restaurant and bar, which is next to the hotel-but independent-as the staff are extremely rude!!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A bed for the night,"Stayed here whilst on business in London on 5th May with a team of colleagues. The St Giles is but a minutes walk from Tottenham Court underground station, and is situated within walking distance of Oxford Street and several eateries.  The hotel looks like it could do with a bit of a refurb, it looks tired. The reception staff are friendly, I was checked in by Rachael G who was lovely.  I had a twin room on the 6th floor in the East Tower, which was quite small. The corridors smelled musty, and my room had a narrow window that only opened a couple of inches (for safety, being six floors up), with a ""view"" out towards the London Eye.  With two single beds in the room, there wasn't really much space but as I was only there for a night it wasn't much bother. The bathroom (well,…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Marathon Weekend,"We really enjoyed our stay. My husband was running in the Marathon the restaurant put on a special pasta buffet and breakfast the next morning. Even with a full hotel we had excellent service and our 4th floor room was not too noisy, with undisturbed sleep.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location makes small room worthwhile.,"A friend and I spent 3 nights at St Giles in a standard room. When booking the room I requested twin beds, however this could not be accommodated. The room we were given was very small but was clean and had all the amenities incl. shower/toilet, hair dryer, TV and tea making facilities. As the hotel is based minutes from Tottenham Court underground and the beginning of Oxford street, it is incredibly central and easy especially at night time when finding restaurants in nearby Soho and Covent Garden. The location and reasonable price definitely makes up for the small room. Would stay here again!!",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent value for money,"This hotel represents excellent value for money, ideally located just off Oxford street, perfect location for a visit to london, clean rooms, efficient staff, breakfast good, concierge service you can leave your luggage after checkout whilst you get another days sightseeing in, overall good experience at this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value and Location,"I've stayed at St Giles many times and the hotel keeps getting better. Recently stayed overnight for business and was upgraded to a high-quality suite. The staff at breakfast were wonderful - couldn't do enough and dealt with everything in really good humour. Possibly the best thing, however, is the location of the hotel itself which is in easy distance of a huge range of London's best bars, night spots, theatres etc. I'll keep coming back.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"bad, bad experience, fine location","i was there last year as the end of a magnificent tour in Europe and an excepcional tour in UK.  The rooms are poorly heated, and have less space than necesary.  The last thing that happened to us was the worst experience of our lives in tourism.  We were robbed and the hotel never did any intent to repair our situation. In adition they promise wi fi and there is no wifi in the hotel without paying it.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Like camping at a construction site,"If it wasn't for the construction sites surrounding the hotel and the entire block, making it impossible to sleep past 7 a.m. weekdays and 8 a.m. Saturdays (I checked out before I could find out if they work on Sundays as well), this hotel would get a two star rating from me.  The single room is really small, about 6-7 square meters, and the bathroom is about 2 square meters, but it is sufficient if you're only looking for a place to sleep. That is, when there is no construction going on across the street from the hotel.  The room's interior looks old and the fabrics are worn, but it's clean. The shower is very small and there might be some problems to enter the shower cabin if you have some girth, since the passage between the wall and the shower door is no more than about 70…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Well situated,friendly staff, basic but everything works...",Basic and well situated near Tottenham court road .Rooms are small and slightly dated.Clean linen and functionnel bathroom.Good water pressure.Wifi is charged.If you are coming from the continent you need an adaptor since they have no shaver plug.Big queue for breakfast but plenty of eateries around. Friendly staff.Good budget hotel in central London.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great convenience, functional rather than luxurious but...","My wife and I stayed here as part of a theatre trip recently. It was a cheap deal. It is very convenient for central London, just off the Tottenham Court Rd. The room was tiny but functional - a stay of more than one night would not have been comfortable, I think - but clean and reasonably well equipped. The staff were efficient and helpful but we didn't see to much of any of them. There is a Bar in the hotel which seems to cater for the cocktail set and it was 'atmospherically lit' (dark) and full of TV screens, my pet hate. The drinks bill (we had one each) would have fed a small family for a week or so in the North of England but hey! this is London. My biggest bug-bear would be the breakfast arrangements, however, which seriously need looking at. The food was OK - nothing…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"First and foremost, this hotel was fantastic. The front desk 'meeters & greeters' we're all very polite, pleasant and smart in appearance. The concierge was very knowledgable and helpful. The room, although small, was just what we were after. A comfortable bed (with extra pillows and blankets if required already in the room), A toilet, a shower, a TV, a hair dryer and hot drink facilities provided. What else do you really want or need? A view that was also fantastic (we were on the 10th floor in 1043) The breakfast was also lovely. This hotel also has other amenities that we were unable to take advantage (due to time constraints) The whole hotel was clean, smelt fresh and was obviously looked after, for a short break, I can't rate this hotel highly enough and we will definitely…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Get real,"Reviewers are critical of this hotel but they should get real- this must be the cheapest hotel in central London by some margin.  Given this, it is quite good value for money.   My room was very comfortable.  The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean, and the bed was really comfortable.  The room included a safe, hairdryer and tea-making stuff.  It was a small room but entirely sufficient. Three criticisms 1. The shower was a bit feeble 2. The breakfast included some very low quality ingredients.  No excuse for this, even in a budget place. But you can pay 15 quid in London for stuff like this so maybe not so bad. 3. It is busy and crowded.  But not surprising given the price.  So, overall, good on St. Giles- great to have a place in central London that is accessible to young…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,simple small room,"the location is good. close to Soho. Usually close to underground station Tottenham Court Road, but be aware that till the end of 2015 the central line doesn't stop here (due to construction). Very small room. Smells musty. Bed is very short (though I am not very tall). Hardly any space for luggage and clothes. All very simple and not worth the price. No free Wifi",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic, dated, adequate","The location is superb for tourists. You're bang in the centre of everything. The hotel itself is strange and dated.  The gym and pool are not in the hotel - they're in an adjacent building to which the hotel is connected via a door. It's a YMCA complex, and it's quite smelly and dirty. For a fiver, you expect better.  I had a double room. It was tiny, the bathroom was understocked, and the window wouldn't open past about 3 inches. Not good given the room was boiling. Also, the little curly hairs on the bed weren't ideal.  You also have to PAY for WiFi. When you get WiFi free in McDonalds branches, dingy pubs and probably even public toilets, you expect to get it in a central London hotel.  I'm sure you could find better value than this place if you shopped around a bit. But if…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, tiny rooms - no service","First of all, the location is awesome. Close to everything you want to visit within the central parts of London. I love it. But that's it. The room for one person is so small so you can hardly fit, if you have big luggage forget about it. The toilets are so small so if I would be a big person I would not be able to get in. There is no conditioner, toothpaste. Shampoo in a big pushing thing by the shower but that is mostly like soap. I had to go out and buy these things which normally exists in hotel rooms. And there is no free Wifi !! You have to buy it. For hour or day or week and it is not so cheap either. For me that was the worst as I was there on business and needed to work in the late hours. Been there, done it. I'll pay more for another hotel the next time.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor Expensive Hotel,"Stayed in this hotel for the London Marathon - positives ....... Excellent recommendation from Craig on the desk for somewhere to eat....... location to tube station and local amenities.   Negatives - Rooms small, very noisy (I asked for a quiet room but manged 2 poor nights sleep), extra charges for internet, breakfast awful.  All in all a total waste of money, would not stay in this hotel again - over priced to say the least!",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,21st Birthday visit,"Brilliant location close to underground or easy walk to Covent Garden, soho at start of Oxford street for shopping. Recommend room 716 easy accessible via lifts. Rooms are small but has a separate sitting room with TV ideal for short stay. Rooms are clean and Suitcases can be left securely on last day whilst you go touring/shopping. Next time in London will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,We stayed here for 3 nights leading up to easter. Its close to Tottenham Court tube station. Hotel was very nice although there is some building work going on around it. But it never bothered us. Its veey close to The Barbican theatre. Our room was a little on the small side but was fine. We dont go to London to stay in the room onky to sleep. Hotel was very clean. Bed was very comfortable. We did have a meal in onw of the restaurants and it was very nice. Would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,location location location,"stayed for one night. excellent location near to Leicester square and covent garden. check in and out was very quick and straight forward. room small , twin beds, kettle with tea and coffee, tv and a safe. small bathroom with shower dink and toilet.  had everything I needed for a comfortable nights sleep. although the room was hot and when I opened window traffic and people outside could be heard. great value hotel would stay again",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, stressful breakfast","All in all a positive experience, but a few irritating flaws.  The hotel is ideally situated at Tottenham Court Road. The rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. The breakfast is very good for a London hotel, with scrambled eggs and bacon.  The capacity in the breakfast restaurant is too small for all the guests. Go latest 0730 to have the best possible experience. At 0900 there was a long queue.  The hotel does not offer free WiFi. You can buy access via third party service for £10/24h! This is not good enough in 2015! I cannot rate better than ""Average"" for this reason.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not the best,We arrived and checked in to a tiny room which was very tatty and had dust in the bed.we rang down to try and change rooms and we we're cut off the phone. Went down to complain and they did change our room however this was also fairly tatty and worn. The towels provided were very thin hard and scratchy however good water pressure in the shower. In the morning after not the greatest night sleep (not comfy bed) at 8 am we were woken by someone opening the door to our room they didn't say anything then closed the door again. This was very unsettling and definitely not the best hotel stay we have had in the city. Very disappointing for the price.,Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,location  is everything,"Ideally placed on Tottenham Court Road close to Oxford Street  and Covent Garden. The hotel itself is basic if you dont want to pay extra. Breakfast extra, wifi extra, the advertised  gym and pool is extra. You dont evrn get sny biscuits on your tea tray ... these can be found in a vending machine by paying  extra.  Rooms are small but adequate for a city break. The bathroom  has  a one liquid  does all. Handwash shampoo and showet gel. No free toiletries  here.  We had an issue with a hot room and a leaking bathroom  ceiling and then strange splatters (looked like blood) on the wall when we returned  from a day out. Management were informed and  weve been  offered a discount on any return.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Visit,"I booked this hotel on the recommendation of a friend who has visited on numerous occasions,however after reading the reviews I became worried. When we arrived however my worries were to be unfounded,we were able to check in 2 hours early as our rooms were ready,we were greeted by a very Friendly male receptionist who was extremely pleasant and helpful.We were directed to one of four lifts which arrived quickly and we made our way to our 4th floor room. I agree they aren't very big but as we were in London to explore not sit in a hotel room this wasn't a problem!It was very clean the bathroom adequate with a wonderful shower.There were lots of building works around but once the window was closed the sound disappeared! The Hotel is far from basic with  a Casino and 3…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worth a stay.,"Good clean Hotel and good size rooms. It is in a good location, close to many, many restaurants and cafes and theatres. It is a large Hotel so can get busy at times. Breakfast was good with good variety but go very early or after 9am as it gets busy. The room had a window which opened which was good news after some of the Hotels we stayed in. The staff were friendly and the concierge was helpful and efficient. I would have no hesitation in staying there again. One downside was no free Wifi.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Pleasant stay, will be back!","I stayed here with four friends at end of last month.  Excellent location for a weekend break to London, just off Oxford Street and within walking distance of some attractions.  The Dominion Theatre is a stone's throw away also.  We had no complaints at all, I was a bit weary after reading some of the reviews but I guess you can't please everyone!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Comfy beds! Quiet night, great location, room a little 'tired' but good value- Scottish man on concierge desk- sarcastic & minus a smile! Chris at concierge desk very welcoming, helpful and huge smile. Minute from Tube station and if to see London is the reason for your trip then the hotel location is brilliant.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No Smiles at St Giles,"Stayed here on business for a couple of nights. To sum up my experience of the hotel the word basic shouts out at you.  The receptionists were friendly enough but once checked in or retrieving the key I often had a long wait for the elevators which generally had long queues at night.  The room was barely basic. En suite bathroom was tiny and not especially clean. The shampoo dispenser set on the shower wall was hanging off and there was no shampoo in it.  Surely the cleaner should report this and a new dispenser could be put in immediately. Bedroom was slightly better with a nice double bed and a flat screen TV, though there was barely enough room to walk around the bed. The bedroom connected to a small lounge area with a settee. Noise from the street was evident during the…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap,"800 rooms. So i never ate breakfast. Mostly because of the que.  The rooms was nice and clean. Very used. The bathroom (plastic stone looking) tiles was barely hanging on. I think the rooms needs resturation.  Bottom line. I did not pay for the stay. i went with work, but i guess its cheap. good location. Staff was friendly and helpfull. I think there are better hotels in london. This ia more of a plan B type of hotell.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not amazing by any stretch,We stayed here on a room only basis for one night in April 2015. The hotel is very close to the tube station and it is situated just off Oxford Street. It is an ideal central location for shopping.  We checked in and that is the only time we saw a member of staff. I was not wowed by the service.  The room was in a rather poor state. The blinds on the windows had bits missing off them to  be able to close/open the blind. I couldn't lift the blind up to have more light in the room so the room felt dark.   The bedding was 'bobbly' and worn. The pillows were too soft for me personally. The bathroom had the odd hair that wasn't ours so it felt rather unclean - although the bathroom was nicely decorated.   The room was rather small - but this is London so perhaps this is expected.…,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,By far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in!,"This is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed or worked in! The only thing they got going for them is the location. It's close to Oxford St and the underground. The breakfast is better than expected though. But that's it. It looks like a semi fancy hotel when you arrive, but rooms are small, the beds are like sleeping on a rock, you can hear everything going on outside and don't forget the staff. We are staying for three nights (this is the last) and I've only seen two person smile. (One of the guys in the bar were really nice and helpful.) And it looks like it's the biggest hazard if you ask for help.   And don't forget the wifi. I've been to the smallest b&b, on a tiny island in Scotland and guess what. They had free wifi. In this hotel, the only way you can get internet is…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,conveyor belt battery farm - never again!,"busy hotel, huge queues to book in, lifts with a mind of their own, long queues for very mediocre breakfast, bedrooms as small as a touring caravan, scruffy bathroom, no heating, rip off parking prices below hotel, swimming pool/leisure club doesn't belong to hotel it's owned by the YMCA, compulsory gratuity in the attached bar/restaurant whether service is good or bad. as stated never again!!!",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but .............,"I have stayed here 3 times previously and I mentioned this when checking in, I also said the room we had previously was small and dark. He advised me he could give me a more spacious room with a bath. I thought this is brill, however the room was slightly larger not really much different. Breakfast was ok but a bit like queuing for school lunches. The main issue is the lifts or maybe the lack of.  There are 4 lifts which get extremely busy and ironically once you go up, there isn't a button to call the lift to go to a higher floor, if you are on floor 4 and have friends on floor 11, this could be a problem. The location is brilliant, convenient so for all central London theatres, Covent Gardens, Soho.  It is a very busy hotel with lots of foreign guests of all nationalities. The…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really nice stay,The rooms might be a little small.But made up for by the view over London.The room and en-suite were spotless and the bedding was good quality.Breakfast was fine plenty of choice .The staff were all very pleasant .,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,Stayed here for 2 nights while visiting London for my other halfs 40th birthday & I thought it was excellent. Room was small but in all honesty perfect for what we wanted. It was very clean & staff were very friendly & helpful. It has 2 great bars one which is open 24 hours serving food & the Hudson house bar was very lively. It is in the perfect location for all the popular places to visit. I am definitely going to stay here again. ,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing!!,"I booked the hotel and theatre for my husbands birthday. When we arrived to drop our bags off before the theatre we were given room 336 on the third floor. When we walked in to the room I could have cried. The room was so small and dark. It is the smallest double bed I have seen in my life!! The bathroom was just as small and really not that clean. The mattress was so uncomfortable neither of us slept well. The breakfast room the next morning was like a cattle market and don't ask the guy on the desk as you go in for anything, made us feel we were putting him out asking.. The food is not great, its warm and awful sausages!!",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,We stayed at St Giles to celebrate our wedding anniversary and my husbands 30th birthday the staff were lovely and we came back to the room in the first night to s card signed by the staff wishing us a happy anniversary and a happy birthday to my husband I thought this was a really nice touch. We stayed in an executive suite it had great views across the city and plenty of space even a TV in the bathroom! We had breakfast at the hotel being an executive guest you had this in the 24 hour restaurant (I forget it's name) the service was great and really nice breakfast. The parking was reasonable for the centre of London and Trafalgar Square was not more than a 5-10 min walk away. This is our 3rd time at St Giles and I'm sure it won't be our last,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel! ,"I just love this hotel! Have stayed here several times when I have visste London.  Great location Subway just around The corner.  Shopping and restaurants and mycket favourite café Pret a manger just a few steps away!  Friendly and nice staff, kind of small rooms butik clean and nice. Brekfast absolutely ok! Will absolutely stan here again!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does the job......just about,"Visited for 2 nights as a solo business traveller. Visited for business but also to do a bit of sightseeing in the evening.  Location is good. Very close to Tottenham Court tube station and not far from Euston Station (I got the tube but you could walk) Close enough to walk to Oxford Circus or Leicester Square.   Room was small and dark. Hard bed, tiny TV with freeview and small but functional bathroom. (Shower, no bath)  No wifi available. This would be useful to do some work or watch Sky TV on my iPad.  Didn't bother going for breakfast on day 2. It was like a zoo. Too many people, poor set up. The way the croissants were displayed in a metal croissant dispenser made me laugh and summed up the breakfast experience.   Overall, I'd stay again if the price was right and it is…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"OK for tourists, small rooms, rubbish breakfast!","The hotel is ok and I guess a good location and base for tourists and coach parties, which is what most of the guests comprised of.   I had an upgrade to an ""executive twin suite"" a 8'x12' tapering room with a sofa in one end, does not constitute a suite.   The breakfast, for an extra £10, is paltry and not particularly good quality.   I wouldn't go back on business trip, but I would say it was ok for a holiday traveller and well located for the sights of London. ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,rustic,"Close to tube station.  British museum just a few blocks away.  Walking distance to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Hard Rock Cafe and other sights of interest.  Excellent resturaunt located in hotel called ""VQ"". Great food and service.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Now I have another concept of worse,"Besides the fact that the room was very very small and noisy (one could say this is normal in London) the service at the reception was awful and the advertisement they do, a lie. Let me explain: - Wi-fi is NOT included and it is provided by an external company for ""only"" 10 pounds a day.  - Gym and swimming pool are also offered by an external company for 5 pounds the session. - Breakfast is not only offered by yet another external company but very poor, repetitive and expensive (another 10 pounds). The only good point is the location. So. I recommend you not to be hosted here and if you do, rent a bike for 2 pounds in the street, get breakfast somewhere else and get yourself a SIM prepaid card that allows you 30 days of internet for 5 pounds. Good luck!",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Just arrived back from an overnight stay in London and the only disappointment was the hotel. Left our luggage and paid the bill in full at 10:45  and was told to return after two to check in. No problem there. Returned  at 2:45 to be told  one of our two rooms not ready. The blame put on our shoulders as they said we wanted two rooms on the same floor. No we were asked  if we wanted the rooms on the same floor and replied yes  but not essential.  3 10 still no room and the four of us were due to go out for a meal and show, leaving at 4:00. Tried ringing reception who said they would get back to us but had to go down again to sort it. End result another room allocated on another floor at 3:35. Not really good enough. Clean and ample but not organised!",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Processing plant,The exterior of the Hotel looks like the HQ of the Stasi and is equally functional inside. Room was tiny and the bathroom was impossibly small. Breakfast is  a nightmare as it is completely self service with hundreds of guests milling around. The location of the hotel compensates somewhat and it appears to be clean but I guess you don't get much for your money in London.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,amazing stay,"Stayed overnight to see a show (miss siagon) the hotel was clean, staff were so helpful, food was lovely, we will definitely be staying again and will recommend to friends. It is very close to the centre so not far to walk to sight see.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good ,"Visited London with my mother to see a show (Phantom) and stayed at St. Giles. Room was small, but perfectly adequate for a short stay. Beds were very comfortable, everything clean and breakfast was excellent. ALL staff were polite and professional.  Highly recommended!!!!! Thanks to all at the hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is the thing.,"Stayed at this hotel a working week in January -15. I stayed in a super small but clean room. The service is good and the staff is service minded. I had a travel agent book this hotel and my terms were great location and Wi-Fi. The location is sweet with just a 5 minute walk to Oxford Street but the Wi-Fi is actually provided by a third party through a online service. It's really a super expensive solution and works only on one device (!). Come on St. Giles, it's 2015 and you should really offer free in house Wi-fi for your guests.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location but rooms not perfect,"The first thing to say is the location of this hotel was perfect, tube stations near by. The executive room I had was comfortable but not like executive rooms in other hotels. The window frame had signs of damp and the room just needed to have some TLC.   All areas of the hotel were clean just needed updating. I do think it was a bit overpriced for the quality of the decoration of the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location - Ideal for the solo traveller,"Superb location, especially for shopping and around 3 minute walk to Soho. Lovely reception area, very quick check-in. I had a single room which was small but very modern and clean. Ironing room available but be careful of the irons as they both leak lots! 4 lifts so never had to wait. Tip would be to ask for a high room as the street can get quite noisy as to be expected with such a central location. I did not eat here so no idea on food. Overall, a hotel I would stay in again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly Situated,"this hotel is looking a little bit tired now but it is clean. The location is perfect to visit all the sights in London. I have stayed here 3 times now and will definitely stay here again. It has a very nice bar and restaurant in it. The buffet breakfast is adequate, the basic full english breakfast if you can get passed the queues.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A modest hotel,"Upon arrival at the hotel, we did have quite a wait to be checked in and the lifts took a while to arrive.   Our room was clean and well furnished considering the price - very cheap for such a good location.   The bathroom was very small but we were out most of the day so it didn't really matter.   We were expecting a lot of noise so had come prepared with ear plugs but the road work and building work was extremely loud despite being on a high floor (7) and asking for a quiet room; although the hotel cannot do much about the building noise.   The price and location of the hotel outweigh any cons so we would definitely go there again next time. ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An expensive cramped rabbit hutch,"The accommodation in London always leaves me cold and this hotel is no exception, an expensive rabbit hutch that basically just fleeces anyone who has the misfortune to stay in our Capital.   The room and bathroom are pokey, bed uncomfortable and pillows were more like wafers, clean to a point, overall it was dingy and unpleasant.   The ""restaurant"" is also dreadful, breakfast was canteen style more reminiscent of school diners, quality and choice adequate but poor quality not in keeping with the price tag.   Would I stay here again - not on your nelly",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel in good location,"It's an okay hotel if you only looking for a bed in a central location. I think the standard of hotels in GB is in general lower than in Northern Europe. This hotel would only get 2 stars in our country. Anyway, WIFI is not for free, elevators were always busy and the room would need a make over. All that said we were satisfied with our stay.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Worst hotel I've ever stayed in.General poor service,small rooms and the staff take forever to attend to your request.The less said about the house keeping the better.No free Wifi either,really? In 2015.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A good value hotel, in an excellent location for public transportation, shopping and dining.","Located at Tottenham Court Road tube station next to Oxford street, with many buss lines all around, near the British Museum - in the best location, and at reasonable prices. The service is excellent, both at the reception and in the rooms. Some rooms are a long way from the lift.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Came here for a theatre break and was pleasantly surprised by the efficiency of the staff on reception and at the concierge desk. Plenty of people arriving ( bit like an airport lounge) but the staff got everyone through very quickly. Our De-luxe room was on the 11th floor so we had a fantastic view and it was reasonably quiet too. We had a separate little room with another tv which was useful, but  the shower wasn't great and when the curtain was closed the bathroom was very dark, the extract fan didn't work either. On the plus side they gave you two pillows each and the beds were very comfortable. The fridge was useful-we ate breakfast at Garfunkels round the corner so couldn't say what theirs was like but we would definitely come back here, the staff were very welcoming and I…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy,We arrived and the staff were very friendly if not altogether understanding of the English language.   The deluxe room is small and compact but did the job.   We asked for a quiet room but what we got was a room that was right at the front of the building over the side of the noisy Tottenham court road were there was diggers til late and also sainsburys deliveries at midnight on the first night.  I gave up on trying to get a room change as the person I spoke to was very grumpy and not very helpful at all.  In all the hotel is excellent because of how central it is but needs work on customer service and also what you class as quiet rooms.   Also you need to update the book in the room as there is information in it that is very wrong - such as the 2go service which no longer…,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for Central London,"We both walked together with our luggage from Euston Station in about 15 minutes. The staff were very helpful and even though we were a little early, were able to use our room Immediately. We just stayed one night after going to a show. The bed was comfortable and the room large enough for us and we had a good sleep without being disturbed by any sort of noise. They provided tea and coffee in the room. There was an easy to use safe for our valuables. The television worked fine and was at a nice viewing height for watching in bed. The next morning we had a good breakfast. There was plenty of choice and the cooked breakfast we could not fault. We both walked together with our luggage from Euston Station in about 15 minutes. The staff were very helpful and even though we were a…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location on a average hotell,"We booked this hotel for 3 nights for a long weekend with the guys. We chose St. Giles because of location and price. Did not expect so much, but had a decent positive experience. Stayed in single, without upgrading. The room was not huge, but had room for what I had with me (suitcase etc.). Small but clean bathrooms, decent standard and clean. Low noise, decent hotel staff, ok breakfast. Quite ok bar connected to the hotel. The hotel also had Spa, pool, gym and casino (was not tested). What was not so good: Big hotel, a lot of people at check in. Recommended to check in on the internet to avoid queuing. A lot of people at the reception. A lot of people at the lifts, took the stairs often. Queuing at breakfast.  But a very good location, right by the subway station and within…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great ,"Hotel was clean, great location for everywhere in London. Staff where helpful. We would go back and stay there. Rooms are quiet small we had the deluxe and that was still quiet small but it is a city break so what I would expect to be fair.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London weekend,"Great central location. Great value for money. Easy access to tube and Central London attractions. Good breakfast, plenty of choice, service good even though really busy. Would definitely stay again next time I am in London",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too good to miss,"Stayed at St Giles for one night, bank holiday weekend. Excellent rate offered for central London. Was met outside the Hotel, helped with bags etc, check in was super fast, receptionist very polite, Hotel was spotless - room was good, very clean, airy, beds very comfy! We had breakfast in the VQ the following morning - so much choice, and value for money you can not go wrong - again all Staff were great and atmosphere for so early in the morning was buzzing! Location wise is good, little further out then I have stayed before but nothing major at all, and it was nice to walk around the 'quieter' parts. We left our bags at the Hotel on the Sunday so we could go out and about for a small charge of £1 per bag, when we returned to the Hotel, taxi was booked for us with no problem. I…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok 😒,Me & my mum stayed here as part of a package hotel & theatre break. It was ok the reception was very grand & staff were very helpfull & friendly. The room itself was spotlessly clean couldn't fault it!! But it was very dated & tired looking the walls had scuff marks on them & the carpets were nearly thread bare. The room had everything you needed though. The beds weren't very comfy either & me & my mum didn't get much sleep. The breakfast was ok it was a buffet but again it did have everything u needed. At the end of the day we was only stayed for one night so for that it was fine but any longer it probably isn't 👊👍,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in Central London,"This hotel had a very good location in central London. Rooms are very clean, but small, outdated, and sparsely equipped. Our double room came with an uncomfortable bed and thin pillows from which our backs and necks are still recovering. We were provided only one bath towel (to share, apparently). No complimentary nor paid WiFi was provided by the hotel, though they did suggest we ask the adjoining restaurants to use theirs. The concierge desk was helpful in giving directions to catch a theatre show. We enjoyed our stay in London and this hotel was adequate but not stunning. Those expecting a North American-style hotel should look elsewhere.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location and comfortable bed, no free wifi","I stayed here in a single room, which was tiny but had everything: coffee and tea making facility, safe, tv (only British channels, though) and a good shower. The bed was comfortable and it was not noisy. The place looks very outdated but I don't mind that. I didn't have breakfast at the hotel because in the hall it smelled of bad, cheap food.  The location is very good, just off Oxford Street. Staff at the reception is very friendly and so is the concerge. However, you have to add 10 pounds per night to the actual price of  the room as there is no free wifi and they charge 10 pounds per 24 hours for it. I didn't try it so I wouldn't even know if it's good or not.  This, and this alone, would be a reason for me never to come back. I think nowadays every hotel has to offer free…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Stay,I have stayed here on two different occasions. Once with a good friend and the second time with a client who had learning disability. Both times the stay was a pleasant one. I felt the rooms were rather cozy but they were clean. The staff were always respectful and considerate; esp. with my client. The breakfast buffet was delicious.,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, makes a good base","-Great location as it's on the top of Oxford street and close to the underground -Rooms are clean and a fair size. -Reasonable for price compared to London -Standard hotel room (nothing overly special but great as a base and somewhere to sleep)  -Breakfast- cereal, English breakfast and continental style buffet.  -Ideal as a base to go from and see the rest of London   Negatives:  -Can't think of any really, website sums it up well.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Awfull rude staff,  not coming back!","Just spent 4 nights here and i am not coming back. We spent a weekend here i 2014 and since we liked the hotel then i thought We would stay here this time also. But i have never been So dissapointed when it comes to staff, room and food. When we arrived we got a room on the 1.floor but there was to much noise so we went down to the desk to ask for another room. Wich we got but when we entered the room there was a pile of bed linen and towels on the floor and the shower was not clean and we got 1 towel!!! For 2 persons!!!  The bed was hard as rock and the pillows was Just a lumpy thing. The staff didn't seem like they wanted to help us, we asked a man in the hotel information desk if he could call a restaurant for us and book a table since we were going to celebrate our 10th…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mother and daughter birthday trip,"We arrived on Tuesday afternoon after a 20 minutes walk from Euston Station.. The hotel was easily found and as we walked up to the entrance we noticed quite a bit of building work being done opposite and to the side of the hotel.. Inside was very pleasant and spacious and well were given our twin room on the 9 the floor.. After dropping off our bags we decided to go grab some food from one of the three restaurants in the hotel..very nice freshly made pizza and two small beers for 15.00.. Then it was off to soho for a look around, we found some lovely bars and restaurants and decided to come back later.. The hotel bar cocktails later that evening were most enjoyable and the wine and reasonable 20.00.. The breakfast in the morning at vq were lovely and fresh and the staff very…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel For All.,"I Stayed here with my Sisters for 2 nights while we were doing the Tourist thing. Excellent Location Friendly Staff Throughout. We had an evening meal in the Hudson House, food was fantastic as was the service. The Breakfast here was great too with something for everyone. Would recommend to anyone.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Classic Hotel London,My sister and I have stayed at the St Giles  several times and have never been disappointed with our stay there .. the rooms are compact but very nice and comfortable...nothing is too much trouble for the housekeeping staff we asked for extra pillows they were on the bed the same afternoon .Breakfast is always lovely having many different cereals and  also a  cooked breakfast buffet which is  well cooked and hot .The location of St Giles is ideal as its a two minute walk from Oxford street so ideal for all the high street shoppers .we went to two shows in Piccadilly which is a ten minute walk away from Oxford street. The St Giles gets a 10 out of 10 from us once again big thanks to all there ,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed- but couldn't be better located!,"I booked 2 so-called delux twin rooms for a family birthday trip and was devastated on booking into the rooms. It was a bit of a give away when the receptionist said if we had any issues with our rooms we should inform her. She had no confidence in the rooms at all and she was right! They were shocking! Felt dirty, dated, tired and were both crying out for a makeover. One room was so hot it was unbearable - the radiator had no hearing control and was positioned inches away from the bed. I'd paid £130 per room and immediately rang reception to inform them the rooms weren't good enough. Delux? Really???? The duty manager was fantastic and sympathetic to my woes, moving us within minutes to two rooftop executive rooms. Despite these rooms clearly needing a deep clean and revamp-…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great busy hotel,"I stayed here for one night as I was in London for work but met up with family for an afternoon and evening of being tourists.  The hotel is quite big with great facilities such as variety of restaurants and bars both on site and just outside.  Ice machines in the corridors along with vending machines are very convenient.  Rooms are small as are most in London but have everything you need - hairdryer, tea making facilities, shower, window, wardrobe space ( though only 4 hangers!!). Beds are comfortable.  Close to tube station.  Reception staff are run off their feet dealing with just about every nationality and seem to cope well.  Concierge and doorman were brilliant.  Cocktails were fab as was food.  I would definitely book to stay again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"The location just around the corner from Oxford Street isn't much to complain about - Couldn't been better! I don't know about the general standard at English hotels but the room was tiny, didn't smell nice at all and didn't have much more then just two beds.  The staff was all in all friendly and very helpful. If the price is right the location is unbeatable for a tourist who only spends a couple of days in town.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday celebration with friends,"Super location for the West End. Small rooms but very clean. Good breakfast and friendly staff. We should have read the small print!! NO WI-FI in rooms. Wi-fi available in small reception area at a cost! Also it is advertised with leisure facilities, again we should have read the small print, all at a cost. We recommend the daily rate is increased to include  Wi-fi and use of the leisure facilities.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decent Hotel,Room was small but the bed was comfortable bed was very happy with the bathroom. Breakfast was decent and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Definitely  recommend if your going stay in London for a few days. Helpful how close the tube is also. ,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Its all about the location,"We visited the St Giles for s theatre break in late March 2015, having used this Hotel previously about 8 years ago. We chose it because of its location just off the Tottenham Court Rd , close to Oxford St and Theatre Land, From a location point of view it is unbeatable for a theatre break in a hotel of a decent standard.It is true that the standard Double rooms are not massive and the shower is a little small for those of us who have eaten a couple too many pies over the years ,but you have every facility that you need in the room and the bathroom is a fairly modern one with plenty of shelf room to rest your toiletries , a pet hate of mine where this is not the case. The hotel is a busy bustlng place with many overseas visitors as you would expect, and is clean It has  a casino…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,expected better for the price,"recently stayed here for one night,(room not booked in my name) the room was fine, clean beds, good sized bathroom, the hotel itself was fine, needs decorating as its looking a bit dowdy, and no Wi-Fi in the rooms? you have to pay separately for Wi-Fi, most other hotels provide if free, but £10!! they said there was free Wi-Fi in lobby, but we couldn't log in to it, and the computers in lobby were taken. breakfast wasn't so good either, how you can confuse ""i'll have full English"" with ""I don't want anything"" I don't know, after waiting ages, and my traveling companion had eaten their breakfast, I had to ask twice where mine was and was told I hadn't ordered any! when it did eventually arrive, I wish I hadn't bothered, sausage was still raw in middle, bacon shattered when I…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location!! Location!! Location!! ,"The location is brilliant. 2 min walk from Oxford street. Slightly small rooms, but who cares? It is cleaned daily and well.  The bathroom is newly decorated. The reception staff is accommodating. The price is right, and you can spend more on shopping. The breakfast is allright.  We paid £393 in total for 3 nights in a 2- single bed room. (Fri- Mon easter holiday)  I will be back and have no problem recommending St. Giles to other travellers. ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellently located hotel.......but take some ear plugs.,This is our second visit to this hotel in 12 months.  We stayed in this hotel again as it was exactly where we needed to be for the West End and all the other places we planned to visit.  We decided not to take the breakfast optionthis time as you can get something much more substantial at a greasy spoon for much less money - alternatively go over the road to Sainsbury for continental breakfast.  We were given room 853 which was slightly bigger than the one last year but still quite small.  We didn't mind the size because it was very clean and had everything we needed.  As the rooms are quite small they tend to get very hot so you need to have the window open all night and unfortunately on Saturday morning at approx 5am some businesses were clearing up from the night before and…,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stayed a night,This hotel is very close to Oxford Street and central London. It could do with up grading and is not a patch on the Liecester Square Premier Inn. It can be a very noisy stay but that is Oxford Street out side and it never sleeps my advice would be wear ear plugs. Breakfast is quite decent. ,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"location,location,location","its whats it all about. The rest is not good. The doble room was very smal, and it was a brief smell from the pool area. The breakfast was....like In the army. A lot of low cost grisly food and a lot of hungry people. So stay away. Find a place nearby. There's a lot of good pubs serving food, nice and quiet.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
3563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Location of hotel is great for Soho, Oxford Street and Theatre District. Tottenham Court Rd tube isn't too far away if you want to hop on the train elsewhere.  Hotel is very clean and has good facilities, cafe/bar etc. Only down side is size of the rooms as they are quite small and compact with tiny bathrooms hardly bigger than a shower cubicle.  All the same it's a great value hotel and I would stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good and Bad,"The plus points - Location giving ease of links around London using bus & tube. First class housekeeping (spotless). Shower room and toiletries OK. We were able to check in early (10:30 am). The price for the location is very competitive. The negative side - We booked an Executive Double expecting to avoid the well known minuscule sized rooms -not a chance! The room was so small we had to contort to maneuver between the wall mounted TV & the bed (not easy in middle of the night). All pictures of the room show comfortable seating, not only was there no seating but there was no room to put any seating. The mattress had the comfort of a sack of potatoes. Breakfast was thrown in with the room & being in an Executive room we were able to use the VQ restaurant, however, we found the…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Close to everything,"Staff were friendly. Room was clean and spacious. A 2 minute walk to both Oxford Street and also the tube (Tottenham Court Road). Easily walkable to all the sights, Leicester square, Soho, Covent Garden, etc. Highly recommended",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal hotel centrally located,I have stayed at the St Giles on many occasions and find the location for me needs perfect.  It is two mins walk to the tube for convenience to reach anywhere in London.  It is a short walk across the street to all the shops of Oxford Street and it is also a ten minute walk from Shaftesbury Ave and Leicester Square for theatres etc.  The hotel is a stones throw away from the Dominion Theatre where we went to watch We Will Rock You.   The hotel staff are very helpful and I found the concierge at the very front of the hotel to be so helpful and knowledgeable and the map they provide is brilliant to get around. Check in was quick.  The lifts are a bit slow but we were on a relatively low floor so took the stairs.  Rooms are basic clean but not luxurious.  So if its luxury you want…,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,central hotel,"Very close to the dominion theatre so ideal if you are seeing a show . If its shopping then Oxford Street is virtually on its doorstep. Also in easy reach of the Thames so ideal for sight seeing.The hotel itself is clean, staff friendly, stayed on the 2nd floor , room was not over big but large enough for a 2 person short stay, lots of wardrobe space, decent size bathroom with nice large shower The breakfast was ample, choice of cereals, fruit, could eat continental or have the fry up, tea ,coffee, fruit juices. Plenty of places to sit and staff always appeared on top of clearing tables and keeping place clean. Ate in the hotel restaurant which was very tasty and plentiful , prices very good and friendly staff. Would definitely return next time I visit London.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect location,"we'll be staying here for the 10th time this summer. this hotel has the perfect location. also very clean, friendly and helpfull staff. if I have to give one downside it's the lifts, esp. in the morning. it takes ages before you can get one. else everything is perfect.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location , helpful staff","We have stayed in St Giles in some of our weekend trips in London rooms clean but some of them bit small. staff very helpful  . Nice bar ,Overall good. Trying too book next trip but nothing available on my days :-(",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel very central,Nice hotel. Staff friendly . Room clean and cumfy.  Window opened and not too noisy. Breakfast ok. Gym and swimming pool available but didn't use so can't comment. In the centre of the west end. Great for theatre and sites. ,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Conveniently Situated,This hotel is well placed for the shops theatres and places of interest with the bonus of being close to the underground it is very busy but the staff are great and very willing to help my one gripe is the breakfast restaurant it is extremely busy and all the tables and chairs are so close together we found it difficult to get back to our seats each time we had to go up to the buffet for food and drink certainly not the best place to go if you like a quiet leisurely breakfast other than that very good,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Hihgly recommended hotel, VERY good value and accomodations","The location is unbeatable, being so central. The price was very good too. Staff very helpful, but as all was well arranged we didn't need to bother them too much. Hotel breakfast was also good value and very filling and fresh. Will definitely recomend it to others and hope to be back again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and comfortable,Great location in the heart of the Westend. I stayed when going to the Phoenix Theatre to see Once the Musical which was located a few minutes walk away. The hotel is very easy to find very close to Tottenham Court Road station. The checking in could have been faster but the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was basic but had everything you needed. The bedding made the room look a bit dated. But the bathroom was really nice and appeared recently refurbished. Would definitely stay again,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value in the centre of London with a view ,I looked over many options in London and found St Giles and I am glad I did. Just 1 block away from Oxford Street and an underground station on the corner made eatting out and getting around easy. Theatres are just a short walk up the road an from there you are an even shorter walk to picadilly circus and Trafalgar square. The room is of a decent size and the bed was comfortable. We had a view of London and could see Big Ben from our room but I think other rooms may face the other direction. Staff were nice and check and out was easy and pleasant. Great stay in London ,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"Very friendly staff. We were fortunate to be upgraded to an executive suite which was brilliant.  You didn't have to leave the hotel to go to a restaurant. You only had to go through a corridor to enter the restaurant. The food there was very good. The only slight downer was the breakfast,although good was slightly cooler than expected,but the breakfast time was busy. This was our second visit to this hotel and would certainly use it again. Just a pity the fire alarm went of at 3-30am only very briefly,but apology notices were to be seen in the morning.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,Hotel in good position for all the  attractions .Bedrooms are clean  but could do with updating .Staff are very friendly breakfast is a bit hectic with not enough tables if a lot of people go at the same time.good .Good pub up the road called Little jack Horner with excellent food.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Rude staff, very filthy rooms, never cleaned. Stains, dirt. Sketchy area. Won't return.","I can look past stains for the most part, but I cannot look past MUCK AND GRIME. Bedding was never cleaned. Smelled disgusting. Sketchy area. Staff rolled their eyes, literally rolled them all the way around whenever I ask them something. Again, though, the worst part about it was the cleanliness. Never vacuumed, never swept, never wiped or washed anything. Used dirty bedding. Ick. Ick. Ick. Never returning.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good,"Stayed here with my partner for the weekend. Nice clean hotel, close to Tottenham court road tube station! Short walk to Oxford St. Would recommend and we will definitely be going again. Can't comment on the food as we ate out. Only down side are the lifts, they take ages! All in all, decent hotel!",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night on the 19th March. We were going to The Prince Edward theatre in Old Compton Street and it was just a 10 minute stroll away. Dominion Theatre was just a few steps away. Great venue for the West End. Booked online, took my print out with me, which led to a smooth pleasant transaction which the girl on the reception desk appreciated. Room was a bit small if I was being picky, hardly noteworthy really because we only used the hotel to sleep. Breakfast was plentiful, full English and continental. My friend would have liked a fried egg, (only scrambled was available), again not a major issue, just being picky. Oxford Street next day for shopping was well within easy walking distance. The hotel was beautiful, clean and surprisingly quiet. I would quite…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good enough,Stayed here overnight a few weeks ago. I was considered an executive guest which meant I had a fairly good room on the 9th floor and access to the other breakfast restaurant. The breakfast was good and cooked to order but also a bit odd - no choice of cereals other than muesli. The room was fine but a few obvious things missing such as an iron and ironing board in the room. The central location is a real plus.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Hotel room quite basic but clean (apparently it used to be a YMCA but it's improved since then!) Coffee supplied which was a bonus.  Lifts an absolute nightmare, have to wait an age for one. Only enough towels in bathroom for one person, then we found the 2nd lot in the wardrobe! Staff very friendly and helpful. Slightly expensive (our breakfast was not included) but in a great location for shops, theatres and transport etc., hence the price I suppose. We were able to leave our luggage on the last day while we fitted in a bit more shopping!",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible,The only good thing was the location and the gentleman who took the suitcases up the stairs.  A part from that it was horrible.  The staff did not add peak English well the rooms where extremely small the towels where scratchy and thin.  The breakfast was like a boarding school.  ,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
3583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid,Hi all reviewers me again warts and all the hotel is awful the que for the lift 20 minutes the lift from the horrendous basement car park forever ... 5 flights of stairs lift sist work ....  Room stale and so small you step almost into the toilet when you step out of shower . Sink didn't drain and grubby towel only hand size . The quilt looks like it's reused and only the sheets changed the tv was portable and stood on a broken stand that made it fall forward and watching it impossible all in all horrible stay won't  return ever,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
3584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for Dominion Theatre.,"Fantastic location,handy for bus routes as well as underground. The lovely receptionist who checked us in said to ask if we needed anything. Amiharris - did you look in the wardrobe? The second set of towels were in there! Our room was quite small but adequate, and very clean. Ours was on the 8th floor and although the window was small it afforded a great view of The London Eye and Big Ben. Suitable for shopping in the West End, Theatre Land and restaurants. We didn't find it noisy. Would definitely stay here again if visiting central London.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,Just got back from our 2 night stay! This hotel is great value for money and in a great location! Rooms were clean and tidy! Only thing I found was there is only 1 towel for 2 people sharing! Also I know it cannot be helped but there was a lot of building work going on next door which starts very early In the morning! Not the hotels fault but a warning would have been nice! All staff friendly and was able to leave our bags there after checkout while we spent the last few hours in the city before heading home! Taxi's always outside hotel or just around the corner! Perfect location for Oxford street and walking distance to much more! Would definitely stay here again!,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,City break,Was a bit worried staying here as some of the reviews went on a bit about rooms etc but I have to say I have no complaints the rooms were small but adequate spotlessly clean with lovely bed toilet and  shower were same small but not cramped and spotless. Staff were great the shortest checkin ever. Location couldn't be better you can just about see hotel from Tottenham court tube exit. On site  bar and 24 hour diner were great for after show drinks and dinner. VQ diner we used after 12 several nites and food was good and reasonably priced with value set menu available. All in all couldn't find fault little bit noisy from street but in central london it's to be expected. It was warm in room in March but fan provided might be an issue in summer. Couldn't beat it for location for…,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing - Extremely,"I suppose when you are looking for cost effective hotel accommodation in London you have to be realistic. But the room was tiny with a small window facing a concrete wall, the shower room was so small you had to be careful not to step out of the shower and into the loo and the water was luke warm. The lighting was poor. The corridoors were mostly un-carpeted, the dining room reminded me of my school days and the breakfast... well EVERYthing was tinned or processed, the sausages tasted of plastic and the bacon was dry and tasteless, in some cases inedible. The staff however were lovely and the location was good... otherwise it would have got a 1!",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The best location,"My friend and I spent a weekend in London just for shopping. The location was spot on for us. Everything was walking distans, oxford street with the shopping, restaurants and nightlife. The standard of the hotel is old but the stuff is very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Outdated and poor value,"Hotels in Central London is expensive, and so is St:Giles. The hotel is also very outdated with narrow corridors and low capasity lifts.  We had a updated twin room where the bathroom was coldest room i the hotel. On the bath we found one small and on big towel. In the room we found two more, but when the maid had done the room we had only on small and one big towel. We had a rate with breakfast. No buffe and only one glass of juice and one cup of coffee. Could choose between full english, omelett, and som other options. All served on one plate. The best thing about the hotel is the location! Just a few steps from Oxford Street, and walking distance to everything in West End. Price for two nights was 298£  and that is far too much.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central comfortable hotel,"My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights and were very comfortable - the room we had was on the quieter side of the hotel and the room was clean and beds comfortable. The hotel's location is very central and within easy walking distance of Oxford Street, The West End, Leicester Square and Covent Garden and also close to Tottenham Court Road tube station. Breakfast was adequate with hot and cold choices.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel! Good stay,"Went to watch the England v Italy game at Twickenham, stayed here and was a lovely place to stay! Opposite the train stop which is 2 stops from twickenham! Close to a retail park with restaurants etc!! Clean and nice food, quite cheap for London based hotel too",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pretty good hotel,"The hotel is really nice and the staff is very friendly....  It is a nice and clean hotel and the breakfast is decent....  Only minus for me was that there was no wi-fi in the rooms but only in the hotel lobby.... The hotel is situated in walking distance of Covent Garden, Oxford St., Leicester Square and the centre of London which was perfect for us.... It was however situated in a nice, clean and quiet area which makes it the perfect location if you want to be in the centre but still need it to be quiet and relaxing.... All in all this hotel is good value for your money and I'd gladly go back and stay there again another time. There's a bar and some restaurants at the hotel but also there are restaurants outside, just around the corner from the hotel. There's a fitness are and…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,We stayed here 7-8th March for the second year. The room was small but cozy and clean with a nice shower. They have a bar in the hotel called Hudson's. A great bar that also serves food. The prices are high but the service is good and there is a nice relaxed atmosphere. We had the breakfast that gives you a choice of continental or a cooked English buffet style. The staff clear the tables quickly so you dont have to wait for a table too long. We recomend this hotel 100%.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for location and price,"This hotel is smack in the centre of London, literally 1 minute from the Centre point building. The rooms are not great, but practical. I would warn against getting rooms on the first floor, my colleagues had to relocate to other floors because one found a mouse in the room and the other was fighting moth. The price is decent for that location and the fact you can visit many London attractions on foot.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base for West End and Theatre Land,"Little character but a good base for a couple of nights in London. Booked well in advance so rates were reasonable at less than £100 per night for two, but no breakfast. Room was compact to say the least. Wifi had to be paid for and was very expensive so did not use as there are plenty of free sites in the locality.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but poor value,I stayed herre and the accommodation was very average.The bathroom was small and outdated room was just ok.The breakfast was poor with a large queue and english breakfast  looked inedible so I just had a cup of tea and a slice of bread.I couldnt find any toast and staff were thin on the ground.The tables are similar to school meals just plain formica top.It was poor value just a bed factory and I know its only 3 star but I expected better than travel lodge which is what it reminded me of.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Seven days and six nights in st. giles london,"When I read a lot of hotel reviews here on the site, I really worry about it. But it was much better than I thought, the hotel is huge. This four towers to be connected to a central building bridges where there are elevators, hotel has small rooms but if you ask for a room close to the center aisle so there are large rooms. The hotel is very central and need to request a room toward Bedford Avenue if you need quiet. Very clean rooms with a TV and a coffee maker to make room. Very comfortable bed to sleep well. I liked a lot the breakfast which was more than I thought. There is a casino, and a heated swimming pool with gym is very good. Front desk staff is great, professional, and I want to thank Anna Maria wonderful room I got after I told her I had a large room and quiet. I…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great location for a very average hotel,"This hotel is just off Oxford Street and very near the London theater district and the British Museum. It is best for those who are looking for a hotel in central London that is not too expensive. The rooms are very small and have only the most basic features. The bathroom was very small. Food is available but the quality was minimal and the presentation was poor. The food service reminds me of a collage dorm cafeteria. Expect to find lots of people arriving and departing at all hours of the day and night. This hotel is a good fit for those who will not spend much time in the hotel.  I would, and have, stay again mainly because of its location the the relative value the hotel offers in the high priced central London hotel market.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location..,"Booked this hotel through the show and stay website and was bit concerned after reading some negative reviews especially the size of rooms. Arrived early at hotel and checked in but room was not ready as this was 10.15 so was not expecting it to be. The staff at the desk were very pleasant and told us we could leave our cases so this is what we did. The hotel reception was very nice and plenty of restaurants in and around the hotel. Very central location with Tottenham court underground being very nearby. If you enjoy walking this hotel great as a good central location within walking distance to Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Leicester Square to name a few. After mooching round London we went back to hotel to see our room and was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean and…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not that good,"I stayed there for two nights with my son.  The room was much to small and a twin room with one ""wall bed"".  You also had to almost squeeze into the bathroom.  The TV did not work properly and the hotel and room was a bit tired.  However the hotel is located just a minute from Oxford Street and Soho and that is why I stayed there.  Next time I would rather walk 10 minutes longer and stay at a better hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Teeny tiny room but served our purpose well.,"This must be the smallest hotel room I've ever been in but goodness, what can you expect in Central London? The location is so convenient, just above Tottenham Court Road, and the place was clean and welcoming so no complaints here. The room was clean and in our twin room (self and son) had comfortable beds, a tv, tea and coffee making and a rather compact bathroom with shower. The place was overwhelmingly hot ( in March) on our arrival but turning the radiator down and an open window sorted that and it was then ok. We'd got a bargain- £99 for the pair of us for the night- but that didn't include breakfast. We were told we could do a walk in breakfast for £9.95 each but we had no need to take advantage of that. After all, you're in one of the eating capitals of the world so set…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired - but it works!,"We stayed the whole of the first week of January 2015.A little time after making the booking we began to read a lot of reviews about the noise, cleanliness and general state of the hotel which gave us some concerns. Lo; the hotel is tired, it could be a lot brighter and is in need of some TLC. But!  It is incredibly busy, the staff are efficient and helpful and despite its problems St. Giles somehow works. Add to that the location - there was nowhere in London we couldn't walk to and from - and you have excellent value for money. We suggest you ask for the larger rooms. The one we had had a small area between the bedroom and the bathroom and that made all the difference in the world to our comfort. Didn't see a 'small' room so can't offer advice but if they are the same size as…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location  location, location!","I have recently spent a couple of nights at this hotel on the 11th floor, the room was small as other reviewers have stated. However for a city centre base they are fine and we could see the shard and the gherkin from our room window, just a shame we couldn't open it very far.  The location was simply brilliant for getting around the city and the staff at the concierge desk kindly kept our bags in storage whilst we enjoyed our last day.  My only complaint would be the walls are paper thin and you can hear the noise of late night guests coming back and the lift going up and down, well from our room anyway. Despite this I would stay here again for a short city break.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for the Price,"The hotel was in perfect location for the west end theatres.... The double room was a tad small however was clean and had everything you needed.... The breakfast was amazing, full English buffet and continental also.... Would stay here again! :) ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can't complain ,"This hotel is great for a short break in London, ok it's not the Savoy but it's so close to everywhere with a tube station right outside the door, the hotel staff are very friendly, checking in & out was a breeze. Now the rooms are very small but seriously you are in the heart of London why would you be spending any unnecessary time in the room. We didn't ever have breakfast so I can't comment on it, all in all we had a great weekend here.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for an Overnight,"The location is so convenient for transport, exploring, eating & drinking. A very busy hotel in an area of London that remains unspoilt if you go a couple of streets behind.  Not a bad experience at all, but we thought the room is too small & noisy for more than one night's stay, even though we requested an upper storey room.  We got a tiny room on 11th floor.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Value for Money in London,"I booked this hotel several weeks in advance and having no experience of the hotel, the price I had paid and my previous experiences of London hotels, my expectations were not high. However I was very pleasantly surprised. The hotel is right in the heart of things and very handy for the west-end theatres and restaurants. Our room (which appeared to be some sort of mini-suite with a separate bedroom and living room), was really nice, comfortable and with one of the most comfortable beds I have experienced in a London hotel. Check-in was painless as was checking out and everyone seemed to be very friendly and helpful, plus I had the added bonus of getting room 101, a literary irony which wasn't missed by receptionist. This hotel comes highly recommended.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, Nice Hotel.","Stayed for one night so as to be in the West End. Great location, simply step off the tube at Tottenham Court Road and you're there. Check in was quick and easy, We booked an Deluxe Double and that's what we got on an high elevated floor (9) which we also asked for. The room was clean and tidy , the bathroom was excellent with a huge shower. The downside was the lack of life in the pillows and the mattress was a bit to hard! Drink prices were good (this is London) Breakfast was excellent in the VQ Restaurant. Check out was easy, just keys in the box, if you don't have a bill to pay that is. Location for the shows and all the West End has to offer is brilliant.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disaster.......,Reception area slightly encouraging BUT then........double room was like a large wardrobe - no room to move - bed was more than lousy. I stayed three nights and that was three nights too long.  Breakfast area was like a low class self-service - food rather plastic and area overcrowded.  I would NEVER stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Great price and excellent location. The rooms are small but is plenty big enough for a short break in London. Shower gel, hair dryer and safe all provided free of charge. Breakfast ok we got it in with a special offer but we would not have paid extra for it. It's just like a big canteen, food just ok. Drinks in bar area very expensive, a pint of lager and a martini cost just over £11.00 Easy check in and check out, you can leave your cases with concierge once you check out for £1 which is ideal if you want to spend a few extra hours around London. Stayed here twice now as location is spot on.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not Bad / Not Good,"I stayed here one night.  The size of the room was good, the bed was ok and it wasn't noisy. The room was more or less clean (the carpet looked very old). The price was relatively low or at least acceptable in comparaison with other hotels in the area. I didn't try the breakfast buffet but I wouldn't bet on it.... So if you need to stay one night in that area and thet you don'ty want to spend too much, why not...",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but very low quality,"I spent 4 nights in this hotel in February. The location is excellent as it's close to Oxford street, etc. However the room I got was the tiniest room I have ever saw! It was supposed to be a double room, but I had hardly enough space for myself let alone. Had I been there with my partner I'm sure we didn't have enough space for the two of us. On top of it the hotel didn't offer free wifi, which I found very surprising. Breakfast is terrible, I didn't even bother checking it after my first morning there. For me the price of the room was ridiculously high, but I know that London is expensive, so I guess that's just how it is there. All in all I was happy for staying there because it was very close to my office and I was in a walking distance from every sights that I wanted to…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too small but does it matter,"If your on your own the room is fine, yes it's tiny and after 4 times here I have never seen a night room.  Great location tho and easy to find. The lifts are a pain at peak times but nothing to painful.   I also stayed with a friend once and you are on top of each other when changing etc so beware of that.   However I love it as I only change, wash and sleep there you wouldn't want to spend loads of time in the room with London on your door step ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,always our favourite,"in the middle of oxford street with it's own casino and really good restaurants altough a bit expensive but still it was worth it.  the staff where really helpful and the rooms where always clean and tidy, thks to all the cleaners",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel for the price and location, room is not that comfortable and old","The hotel is great for the price we paid and the location is good. The room wasn't the best room, not what we expected, feels old, no breakfast. Probably won't stay again if I have a choice, I got it through hotwire.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Nice concierge service - Rooms are small,"Perfect location at the end of oxford street, we talked everywhere from Soho to the Mayfair, but the bus and tube stations were close by if needed.  The concierge guys are really nice, and more than happy to help.  My tip... ask for a twin room even if you are a couple, the rooms are sooo small the beds are beside each other...   But cant complaint for the price and location...",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Stayed for one night hotel location is excellent for  shopping and sight seeing the rooms were small but adequate the  only down fall we found was breakfast you had to queue and the layout was very much like a canteen but the food was ok.   ,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,GREAT LOCATION & VALUE,"Basic hotel in a great location, ideal base for anyone having a short break in London. Lovely bars and restaurants are a short walk away as are the theatres of the West End and Oxford Street shops. Our room was in the west wing, quite small but well fitted out. We paid £88 per night for a 2 night stay which included an excellent breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Definitely recommend!,"My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights (20th - 23rd Jan) and it was great - we are in our early twenties. The room was very basic but basic is what we were looking for. There's a Sainsburys across the road which is perfect if you want any snacks for your room.   Room - The room was small but that's what you get for staying in central London. It had a double bed, TV, wardrobe, everything you'd expect in a hotel room. The bathroom was lovely and a really high standard. The cleaner also came every day that we stayed there.  Restaurant - The hotel has 3 restaurants however we only went for breakfast. Make sure to get bed and breakfast! The breakfast is all you can eat so well worth it. There's loads of food to choose from: a fry, cereal, fruit, tea/coffee, juices etc. The…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great stay!,"We stayed at this hotel for three nights and we were very impressed with everything. We had booked an executive room which was lovely, the bed was large and comfortable and there was a nice tea tray and even a small kitchen area with microwave. There was also complimentary breakfast although it didn't say this on the booking but evidently its complimentary with these rooms. We did think it a bit strange that there were no drawers or cupboards.our room was cleaned every day and there was always fresh biscuits tea etc. we found the concierge very helpful and the hotel is very well placed for buses and tube, although beware the Central line does not stop at Tottenham Court Road until Dec 2015 so there is extensive road works at present. We actually found that using the bus was…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,This friendly hotel is located in the heart of London. 3 minute walk from Tottenham court station. Very clean and friendly staff. Internet is below todays standard and needs upgrading. loads of nice restaurants and various other activity around. USE the Tube from Tottenham court. can get you anywhere very cheep.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would come back!,"This hotel was good booked and arrived on same day! Friendly and helpful staff, bed was small but comfortable, was noisy but your in Oxford street so expected but not hotels fault! Didn't eat at hotel was close to tube station and was easy to find room wasn't huge but big enough for myself and husband! Would happily return!",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rooftop room really worth the extra cost,We stayed previously in a deluxe room which was ok but had a bit too much street noise for my liking. We paid extra this time for an executive room and were lucky enough to get rooftop room number 10. The view was excellent and the room good. The location of the hotel for the price is also very good. With the room comes the breakfast option of eating in the VQ room rather than the 'canteen' reserved for the lower priced rooms. The service there is excellent and the food very good. Full English was my choice whilst my wife enjoyed the continental- both were good. We will definitely visit again and try to get the same room.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Think I upset the Reception staff.. ,"...as I was given probably the smallest room in the hotel. Granted it was clean and fairly modern, but I could touch both walls in the bathroom when standing in the middle. This wasn't helped by all of the fixtures not really being fixed to the wall.  On the plus side, staff were friendly, location is awesome and there are lots of places for breakfast. Price wise, I think it's a little high for what you actually get,so would recommend looking around for deals online. ",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, does what it says on the tin.","Read the reviews before I booked and went for the great location. Arrived 2hours early and they found us a room already prepared..584. Lift came straight away and the room was clean and had been refurbished lately. Yes it was a bit on the small size but I on,y wanted to sleep and shower in it, not have a party of people round for a party. It was a twin room and beds were firm but compatable. Stayed for two nights and no noise except the odd door shutting. Far enough away from the lifts, talking about the lifts, had no problems with them. Reception very friendly and no queues, quiet season. Didn't eat in and didn't bother with breakfast after the comments, went round the corner to Pomme de Pain for continental breakfast at half the price. The bar in the hotel is a nice place for…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London,Arrived at hotel and booked in at 6pm. Just enough time to get ready to go to our first show for the weekend. Accomodation terrific and all meals perfect. Enjoyed our stay and will go back again. Recommend to all.,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,city never sleeps and neither did I !!,"This review is based on a business stay in a double room for 2 nights  Pros:- - Short walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube; - 10 min walk from Covent Garden so good access to shops etc.  Cons (this might take a while) - Room is small and dated; - It's NOISY, its hard to get to sleep / stay asleep!; - There are no curtains on the windows just integrated Venetian blind which are useless, tracing paper could have kept out more light/cold  - Heating didn't work; - Bedside lamp didn't work; - Safe didn't work; - No main light in room. There are 2 switches near the door. 1 was for the bathroom and the other did nothing so you have to walk in in the near dark (only while your eyes adjust) to turn on the floor lamp; - No free WI-FI (£5.00 for 1hr.....)  Based on this stay I wouldn't…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cheap, conveniently located in central London",The great advantages of this hotel are the reasonable price and the location close to Tottenham Court Road Tube station and within five minutes' walk of the British Museum. It is also within walking distance of the shops in Oxford Street. The rooms are clean but very small and you have to pay 10 pounds a day for WiFi in the room. I had to pay 3 pounds to print my boarding pass. I found the lack of lobby on the ground floor particularly irritating.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Texas girl says BOOK IT !!!,"Great bang for my buck--for London atleast !!  Safe, clean hotel and location is nice---Oxford Street is a block or so away. Anything you need is on Oxford St-- restaurants, shops, currency exchange etc.  The bar/restaurant called Hudson's House inside the hotel was decent with good food and a great atmosphere and free wi fi !! Check in was easy and they have several elevators and vending machines.  This hotel is appropriate for singles or families or groups.  I would definitely recommend this hotel for the middle class American visitor. I will return to this hotel if I visit London again.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor for the price.,"Really convenient for visitors and is well located 100m from Tottenham Court Road tube station.  However the central line is not riunning through TCR for this year and this makes it more difficult to reach destinations.  Walking distance of Oxford St., Picadilly, Trafalgar Sq.    Rooms small and drab but clean.  Not the most comfortable bed and pillows.  Bed really small. Theres a small TV and hair dryer in the room. Good shower.  On floor 6 which was extremely noisy and it was difficult to sleep.  Had to wait for lifts every time both up and down.  There were 4 but only 2 seemed to work.  Used swimming pool once at a cost of £5 each.  Clean facilities.  Didnt eat in the hotel as it was most impersonal in every way.  Nice restaurant at back of hotel called Cafe Klea which did…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just Off Oxford Street,"This hotel has a great location. We used it as a sleep over for our theatre trip to watch Cats at the Palladium, which is about a 15 minute walk away. The hotel is clean and our small double room was newly decorated.  I was pleased when I found that our room was on the 8th floor, thinking it might be away from the hub hub of the city. Not the case. Through out the night it was noisy, even with the windows closed. And to make it worse, there was no air conditioning so had to open the window to allow some cooler air in.  Breakfast was help yourself. Reasonable food, good selection, but busy with no thrills. No waiter service.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value if you don't do breakfast,"Good value given it's central London location. Beds comfortable, room clean, service efficient if a touch impersonal. The lifts are a bit of a drawback, not enough of them so always a long wait and then often full. The worst feature was certainly breakfast. £9.95 each for a less than pleasant experience first thing in the morning. There were not enough seats so people had to hover, waiting to jump in the minute anyone left. There were long queues for the cooked buffet, which was not good quality and for the coffee which was poor. On our second morning we went to Cafe Rouge next door but one and had a much better experience for a similar price. Overall yes I would stay again but not for breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great cheap hotel in central London ,The hotel's location is perfect. It was walking distance from the Phoenix theatre where we were seeing once. The room was clean and tidy. The price included breakfast which kept us full all day. We booked the Hudson house restaurant connected which was great. Only minor things that needed changing were more plug sockets as not enough for us both to charge phones and better working lifts. Overall great stay and will come again ,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic tourist hotel but great location,"Really convenient for tourists;within walking distance of loads of attractions.  Rooms small and a bit drab but clean, quiet and comfortable. TV and hair dryer. Good shower. Great self service breakfast though it took a while to find a table in the dining room.  Long queues for reception but helpful concierge",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Threat location - Tiny Rooms,"I chose this hotel as the location had been recommended to me. The location was fantastic, within walking distance of all I wanted to see and do. The rooms on the other hand were so small. Not the place to stay if you are claustrophobic. The staff however were very helpful and courteous and organised a room change, not an upgrade, just a twin as opposed to a double which was a little bit bigger. Not a lot.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ideally situated for shopping,theatres","Stayed at St Giles for just one night. Location is very good for Oxford Street, theatres etc and only couple of mins from Tottenham Court Rd underground. Check in was easy.Useful baggage storage on departure. Good selection at breakfast.  Self-service canteen style . Dining area fairly basic but plenty of seating.  Rooms (double) quite small but we were only there for one night so didn't matter too much. Only small window so quite dark -could do with more lighting. We didn't have a problem with street noise as has been mentioned and slept well. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect!,"i stayed here recently on my own for four nights. i am hearing impaired and i always ask hotels to put me in a room near busy areas, close to emergency exits etc for safety reasons. However, St Giles was the 1st hotel that has ever actually acknowledged this request and even went a step further and i was put in a room on the 2nd floor that had been adapted for the physically disabled and also had devices for hearing impaired people. thus when i arrived in my room straight away i felt at ease and so began a wonderful stay in this great hotel. My  room was perfectly clean, every staff member was so helpful and polite and the VQ 24 hour restaurant was just ideal for a quick bite to eat. But above all i give St Giles 10/10 for location, oxford street, piccadilly circus, west end…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent position !! Nice Hotel !! Good Facilities !!,"The location is simply amazing. Just off the Oxford street, very close to Tottenham Court Road station and opposite to a bus stop. If you are going for shopping it's the perfect spot. Huge hotel with more than 600 rooms so expect to be crowdy all the times. We stayed in a double room. Room its small, like every other hotel in London. It was very clean though and tidy. Very good it's the fact that inside the hotel they have 3 restaurants/bar, coffee shops and a casino ! Nearby you can find EVERYTHING. Food, Night life, Shops, Sightseeing etc",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent birthday suprise,"My boyfriend surprised me with a weekend in London to see the Lion King and we stayed at St Giles. The hotel was lovely and excellent location, however parking is shocking at £25 per 24 hours and that was half price as we were staying at the hotel. The rooms were rather on the small side but the décor was nice. The facilities were also exceptional. We have returned to London many times since but we choose to stay further away from central were the parking is cheaper.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Rooms are clean, the price is very reasonable, no free wifi, breakfast had good selection but served in basically a canteen.Very handy location howevr the closing of the Central Line at Totenham Court Rd makes it very tricky to get where you want to go on the Underground.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent hotel,"beautiful hotel , Rooms are nice and comfortable everything you need for your stay the buffet breakfast is great for £9.95 each , everyone is very helpful , the Hotel is central to everything lots of nice places to eat and drink right outside your door would stay there again 10/10",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Base,"This hotel is ideally located for the West End for shows, Covent Garden & fantastic for Oxford Street as just off the Tottenham Court Road. Only 3* but clean & a great buffet breakfast every time. We always have a twin room & you have tea/coffee facilities too. Extra pillows & a desk fan if you go in the summer which I do as always stay her twice a year for 2 nights.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,wouldn't come back!,"we have stayed here a few times and its been ok, this occasion we stayed for one night yes we all know its a great location and the price is good. But the rooms are horrible small and sleazy. We had a yellow cap over our smoke alarm which if a fire was to start in our room the alarm wouldn't work. We showed this to reception who to be honest couldn't of cared less. we had breakfast of the first time and it was rubbish. we had a blocked toilet which kept bubbling. And the beds were a small double they were tiny . one toilet roll to last for 24 hours for two of you…..really ! In my opinion spend a bit more money and go somewhere else,I will !!!",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
3644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed bag but good value.,"I was spending four nights as a solo traveller mixing sightseeing with cultural catch-ups and a night at the theatre. On the plus side the location is excellent within walking distance to most West End attractions and just along the street from the British Museum with enough culture to fill your boots. Rooms are small but fine for a single traveller.The biggest issue is the canteen like breakfast room which can be a bit of a scrum especially if you arrive at the same time as ""enthusiastic"" groups of European school kids of which there seem to be many. Best tip; try to get there before 8:00am and avoid the rush. That said all staff I encountered were friendly and a problem I had with a non working kettle was resolved within half an hour. Not for a romantic weekend but when…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location!,"Stayed at St.Giles for two nights. The location could not been better, just a few minutes walk from Soho, Regent Street, Piccadilly Circus, Hyde Park, Covent Garden, and of course Oxford Street. Since we stayed just for two nights this was perfect, since we wanted to do a lot in a short time. The only time we took the underground was when we were going to Emirates Stadium, otherwise we just walked.  Also very nice and clean rooms and helpful staff. Although it is located right in the pot we had a good nights sleep (I think the noise from the streets can be a problem with hotels so central, but this was good!) The minus is that you have to pay for internet access, and the breakfast is a bit ""boring"".   Except the breakfast and internet i would definitely stay at this hotel again.…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Claustrophobia!,"On the positive side, the location for central London and the West End is excellent, but this pack 'em in, pile 'em high, is more about making the most revenue from its accommodation space than customer comfort, packing in more than 700 SMALL rooms over 13 floors. (Lots of coach parties of students while we were there.) The rooms are not a pleasant space to be in, the ones we saw having small windows with mostly obstructed narrow views, no air conditioning, so necessitating the windows to be open allowing street noise in. Breakfast room is crowded and canteen-like and the help yourself food mediocre, (no fried eggs, uncooked tomatoes, greasy hash browns, cheap sausages). One small consolation in the (shabby) bar, is that the drinks, although not cheap, are not the normal sky…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Won't go back.,"I am a regular swimmer.  The hotel did not specify that I had to pay extra money to use swimming facilities attached to the same building to the hotel.  Breakfast was flimsy.  The dinner, I could not get a seat.  The room was too small for two people.  We are not large people.  I am 5'7"" and barely over 150 lbs.  If I felt it was too small, can you imagine how an average north American would feel in these rooms?   Other than the fact it was located close to the underground transportation and shopping area, I did not find any merits of staying at this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,theatre break,Stayed for 2 nights   8th 9th feb. Excellent location able to walk  covent garden west end theatre s  etc.Staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly. Room was comfortable  and clean. Worth paying extra for deluxe room as breakfast room with waiter service was excellent.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central London Overnight Stay,"We went to London specifically for a show and stayed at the St Giles. A very busy hotel, small double room but comfortable and the facilities were fair. We enjoyed our rest stops at this hotel a syones throw from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station and almost on Oxford Street",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but well appointed,"The hotel's location is great: Covent Garden, Leicester Square are within walking distance as is Oxford Street and the British Museum. I booked a single room and although it was small the room was so well appointed, that it felt more spacious than many a double room I have stayed at. Staff were mostly friendly and helpful. The hotel Bar is very nice.    WiFi should be free and the two computers provided for the use of guests should be updated - I have not used slower computer since the 90-ies.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location is the main asset,"The hotel has seen better days, but it is ok. Very central location and walking distance to west end theatres. Short distance to shopping in Oxford street, Large swimmingpool. I stayed in a single room which was very small. The breakfast is below average. Go to a nearby cafe / restaurant if you need a good breakfast. Expensive and slow Internet connection, but the hotel bar has free Internet (slow, but free).   I will how ever use the hotel again because of the location.   PS! This year is Central line station at Tottenham Court road closed, but the same station is open for Northern line.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,My friend and I stayed at this hotel and were delighted. It is a large hotel but very clean and the staff are very helpful.  We were on the 12th floor as i had e-mailed the hotel to ask for a high floor.  It was very quiet. The rooms were nicely decorated. Bathroom was very clean and shower with hot water.  We had a lovely view of the post office tower from our window.  There was restaurants and plenty amenities in the hotel. However we chose to eat out.  Oxford street is just next to the hotel. Leicester square is only a 10 minute walk away. A great location. Will definitely be back.  Just one thing if you are not good at walking. Tottenham court underground is closed for a year. So there is no tube station.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible nights sleep,We had a room on 6th floor on a Tuesday night and we had a terrible night. The lift was so load and chimed five times each time it opened and despite being pretty far away it was loud. In addition everyone that went past our room could be heard word for word so much that it sounded like they were coming into our room. The road was quite loud too and someone decided to have a fight in the early hours which was the last straw.  The room was basic but clean and the location is great but I couldn't stay here again as I didn't sleep. I'm not even a light sleeper. ,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pre Christmas Break,"We that is the wife and I were going to London for a few days. We had made the trip on two previous occasions and had used two budget chain hotels, however on this occasion my wife decided to fin a hotel nearer to theatre land as we would be taking in three shows. So off she goes and does a successful search which culminated with three nights booked at the St Giles Hotel in Bedford Avenue just off Tottenham Court Road. We arrived in London at around 10.00 and went straight to the hotel to leave our luggage. Our room was ready and we were booked in and given the key luggage left off to our first port of call.  The room was clean and well presented even if it was compact. The en suite was also well presented. This was late November but due to the unseasonal warm weather we had the…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"lovely hotel, right in the heart of London","Stayed here for 1 night with a friend whilst visiting the Theatre. Right next to theatreland,shopping on Oxford Street and eating in Chinatown Small compact room, but clean. Shower clean & hot.  Very busy hotel but we never experienced any noise. Would defo stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tourists galore; not worth the money,"This is one of those hotels that feels like a cross between a United Nations Convention and a 1970's Butlins.  The room was very small. It was a double room but it was a small double bed with no more than a cupboard door's width around it for space. The kettle took 10-minutes to boil for two cups of tea.  In the morning there was no hot water from the shower. You couldn't tell what the temperature settings because there were no markings anywhere.  There was a sign in the room saying ""for a more leisurely breakfast attend before 8:30 and after 10:30."" They really meant it.   We went down for breakfast at 9:00 and it was already very busy. The breakfast is a totally self-service place with the usual array of mass-cooked foodstuffs all of which were of average to poor quality.…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
3657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Value,but not worth a revisit.","We've just returned from this place, and I'm glad we only stayed one night. The room was clean and tidy,with a shower and decent choice of TV channels. Unfortunately the room was tiny, as was the double bed. It had all the basics and we paid a good price, so I wouldn't be right to condemn the hotel, but we certainly will not return. Breakfast time was an experience not to be repeated. Big queues and not of a great quality. However, I return to the price paid and can't complain too much. We did not leave hungry, but wouldn't wish to indulge in this process again. I would consider this place a cross between a hostel and hotel, and those looking for value might find it here. Those looking for quality will not. The hotel enjoys a great location for theatres or Leicester…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great experience as disabled customer,"I have ms and use a walking frame /stick . the hotel staff couldn't have been better from the scouce concierge and akll others . breakfast , before I could even think i'd need help to carry a tray a member of the team was there to help , and it was busy  . all staff including housekeeping were welcolming and friendly . id definitely recommend this hotel . I felt nothing was too much bother . the staff are a credit to your company",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, solid, reliable, get what you pay for","This is my regular one night midweek hotel for central London. For location and price, I don't think it can be beaten. Some of the rooms are a bit tired and could do with refurb, but for £80 just metres from Oxford Street, what do you expect? Have stayed in some of the more 'executive' rooms which are bigger and better furnished - a lovely upgrade but not always worth forking out the extra for. Breakfast is ok (I don't usually bother, better to grab something from one of many other options outside the hotel en route to office), though the 'exec breakfast' in the 24 hour diner is not bad - omelette made to order in particular is great. An always popular choice with budget visitors to London, the hotel is always bustling - and every member of staff I've encountered has been very…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,School TRIP,"I am writing this on behalf of my teenage daughter who has just visited here with the school, the first thing she did when arriving here was to call me to say how dirty the room was!!! The cups were filthy, and this coming from a teenager says a lot. The room looked like it was on a boat not in a hotel, so tiny and ugly. I am shocked to see the photos that she has shown me and would definitely not stay here after seeing the photos. The entrance lobby looked pretty nice but then from there it went all down hill I'm afraid, all the kids said the same thing about this place. The only good thing about this place is the position and the convenient because its close to the theatres, otherwise its a big NO.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
3661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid.,"Ok there is no other way to put this, but the only thing this hotel has going for itself is the location. The rooms are closets.  I walked into my room to find that someone had smoked in there, and was later moved to another room. There is no space in this hotel.  If you don't mind staying in a small room with no toilet door and outdated everything go for it.  But it looks like the hotel is about to become a condo development, it has not been updated since it opened.   Terrible terrible terrible hotel",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
3662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good,"Nice hotel with friendly staff, small room for a double but at the price I cant argue, the only downside on my visit was when I went to the Hudson bar within the hotel, I had to witness an eastern European barman having an argument which  I guess was his supervisor/manager, the said barman was raising his voice and swearing in front of myself and other guests, after the argument he spent the rest of the time talking in his own language to three of his friends sat at the bar, and was constantly banging bottles around, very unprofessional. This incident failed to take away the good hotel stay.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not for a special occassion......,"My wife and I along with 2 friends chose St Giles as it was close to The Queens Theatre where we had tickets for Les Mis on 31st January.  The room that we was allocated was number 385 and had to request a move due to what appeared to be mould\damp on the skirting boards and the vent above the window was clogged with dust - in all fairness the receptionist took this on board and arranged another room.  Note when booking that a standard double room is no more than an average sized single with a three quarter sized bed, ours in particular was uncomfortable due to the springs in the mattress having a mind of their own.  From our observations the hotel affords itself numerous overseas coach parties these guest may be content simply to have a bed to sleep in; if it is a special…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,"Look it's not the Savoy but you are paying peanuts! For this location in London and the price my expectations were very low. I was pleasantly surprised. Location is it's selling point. This is a crash pad for those seeing London. Clean, functional, comfy bed and friendly staff. 3 days was probably max I could do with room size but great value. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,if the rating allowed it would be below average,I have stayed here as the union books this hotel for conferences that are held at TUC - so I have stayed here quite a few times. the rooms are small and need seriously updating and refreshing - all the rooms I have stayed in have a horrible damp smell and not fresh - you have little or no toiletries given - the rooms are noisy even if the windows are closed - and the breakfast is a buffet that does not have a choice of eggs and the rest is average or below for the sausages and bacon - after all the places I have stayed in london this is one of the below average ones and poor for breakfast - I have walked into a couple while sleeping as they gave me the wrong room twice and the customer service is not so good - if you have to stay do - but this is not the best one to stay in…,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheep and slightly cheerful,"Stayed here overnight prior to an early morning meeting. It does have a very impressive reception area when you arrive and maybe lulls you into a false sense of expectation as, to me, that was really the only time I was impressed. The room I was give (a double) was pretty small, did not have a window (had what looked like a security door which was locked shut and did offer some natural daylight but was hardly a 'feature') and the TV (which I initially thought the room did not contain) was located in one of the cupboards! It was relatively clean and warm but the size was off putting and anyone suffering from Claustrophobia might not be in for a restful night.  The bathroom was, again, on the small size but the shower cubicle (no bath) was okay and the water pressure was…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just good value good location ,"2nd visit and it is what it is. Just great value in a great location. Easy to get to all the main London spots. Euston, St Pancras, Kings Cross, Leicester Square, Oxford Street, Regent Street, Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly.  Maybe the bathroom needs a tweek of sealant in places or a scrub on the floor behind the toilet but the bedroom was spot on. Wall hung TV, tea/coffee maker, safe/hair dryer, extra heater. Best still you can leave your luggage to pick it up later. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic hotel, great location.",If you are looking for somewhere to just get your head down on a night and be central to everything this is a great choice for you. Right next to Tottenham Court road Tube station and basically on Oxford Rd. Breakfast is like school lunchtime and with many foreigners and zero manners can turn into chaos so get down early and avoid the onslaught!,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Simple Hotel,"I wanted to find somewhere cheap to stay that was in Central London as me and my girlfriend went to see a musical. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for couples (very basic and dated), but it was a good hotel right next to Tottenham Court Road tube station. It seems it would be a good hotel for business trips. Overall I cannot complain, it did the job and was cheap for where we were, not a hotel I would recommend to my friends who visit London; but a hotel that was fine for a place to sleep and on a budget.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is perfect,"Location is perfect for tube station, walking, shopping, theater, some Universities. But rooms are very small. No WI-FI in rooms, which to a greater extent reduces the reputation of the hotel. Linen is not good. The toilet flash didn't work properly.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonable room Good location,"We took a Double luxury room which turned out to be two small rooms connected. on entering the door the bathroom was to the left and the bed in an open area after it, with little room to move around the bed. To get to the second room (a sort of sitting area) you have to go in close the door and then go through to it. It had a small sofa a small desk and a sort of open cupboard. The bed was comfortable but the lack of room around it meant everything had to be placed on the floor. The Shower was average, the curtain didnt really stop the water splashing out the sides and the sink had no area to put anything, shaving stuff etc... just enough room for a couple of glasses that held our toothbrushes and toothpaste. The sitting area had an air conditioning unit that I spent 15 minutes…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,dirty sheets and carpets,"Room cheep but very small, carpet black around edges and covered in stains. Sheets stained s nd a towel with make up on. Location good for theatre but the smell of smoke in the room made us stay it as much as possible.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
3673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay,"I have kept very limited expectation from this hotel after going through some particular reviews except the location. However I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I was wrong.  First of all The Location! Within 100 yards Tottenham Court Road tube station and by 10 minutes of strolling you can reach Piccadilly Circus. I don’t think there is any other hotel available at this rate in that location.  Check in process was super smooth and it took only 10 minutes.  We got a room on 2nd floor. The room is very clean and it has all amenities (tea maker, hair dryer etc…). Room heater worked absolutely fine and for that reason even in January the room was very comfortable. The bed was soft and nice and extra pillows and blanket was already stored in the room. Bathroom was…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than expected!,"I was a little unsure about this hotel after reading some of the reviews on this, but when i got there i was pleasently surprised. You really get what you pay for here! The check in was a very speedy process with no waiting around, the staff were very friendly, the room was very clean, the bar is lovely with great atmosphere and the location is fantastic! A lot of people are saying the rooms are very small but I have stayed in smaller rooms in London. The only flaw I found is the Wifi, but it is available in the bar and restaurant for free and you are given the option to pay for it which wouldn't be a big deal considering the price of the room is so reasonable.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It depends on what you need.,"I have stayed at the St. Giles four times and at several more expensive places in London.  It remains one of the best choices for cost, location and value.  All the rooms are small but they are also inexpensive.  I found the housekeeping staff to be most obliging.  The reception staff was excellent.  The hotel is so large it functions as a major tourist crossroad and the lobby is always buzzing.  The shower is one of the best I've used anywhere in London.  This is a great place to stay if you travel alone or if you are on a tight budget.  The British Museum, the theatre district, Leister Square and Covent Garden are 5-10 minute walks as is the busy Oxford Street shopping.  I spent hours looking for a better deal and couldn't find it.  In addition there are 3-4 restaurants that…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,"My partner and I stayed here for one night on the 30th Jan as we were going to the theatre at King's Cross and out for drinks afterwards. We chose this hotel based mainly on location as it was so close to Soho and Oxford St for shopping before we went home. The room was very good value as it was one of the cheaper hotels available and this reflected only in the size of the room but as we were only staying one night, that didn't bother us at all. The room was clean and tidy, the bed was also clean and very comfortable and we had plenty of storage and use of the safe. The bathroom was clean and modern and although compact, did the job just fine. The reception staff were very friendly and polite and I genuinely cannot say I had any complaints or problems. We ate in the attached VQ…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for a short break,"Just returned. We are neither school children (didn't see any) or about to book rooms by the hour! Stayed three nights and found it very comfortable, pleasant staff and good food. Yes the rooms are in need of a little tlc but wouldn't hesitate to stay again. Only grumble was ten pounds per night for Wi-Fi in rooms, didn't bother. L",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disgusting - it's not a hotel its a youth hostel,Unless you're homeless don't stay here. It seems to double as a youth hostel and has a lovely feel of 70's plastic throughout. Other than the location it has nothing going for it.  If you're on a budget I would use a budget chain. The room was dirty and despite getting back at after 11.30pm there were school kids everywhere. The other clientele would suggest you could probably take a room by the hour. ,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
3679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London City break,"Perfect hotel location wise for a couple wanting to explore London at an affordable price. Right off Oxford Street and metres from TottenhamCourt Road tube station. 5 minute walk to Convent Gardens and lots of theatres and restauraunts close by. Hotel itself was busy and has restauraunts, gym and a casino. There is also nice coffee shop and a Sainsburys close by which is handy. Room was small but that's to be expected in London..had everything we needed. Was noisy if window was opened but no need to open window in January and we were on first floor so that's to be expected. Staff were helpful and concierge were very useful to ask questions and always willing to give us advice.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and pleasant room,"I was a bit wary of staying here given the mixed reviews but I was very happy, and will in fact be returning next week to this hotel.  I took the advice on here and upgraded to a Deluxe room which I thought was fantastic.  It was like having a mini suite with the bedroom with TV in one small room and a sofa and desk area in another small room, with fridge tea making facilities and TV.  I felt a bit like having a mini flat in the center of London which was great.  The negatives are as mentioned the poor water pressure and paper thin walls.  The rooms also do not get very dark -  if you live in a city with high night-time light then it probably won't bother you but if you are used to sleeping in the pitch black then I would recommend bringing a sleeping mask.  The hotel location…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Find another place,"WiFi? Expensive. Breakfast? Expensive. Location? Convenient. Customer service? Lacking.  I stayed here for a week and a half for a study abroad class, and it was by far the worst hotel we stayed in. The WiFi was ridiculously expensive and not very reliable. The breakfast had limited options, and the food wasn't the best quality. The location was nice; close proximity to Oxford Street shopping and theatre land. It was also right around the corner from the Tottenham Court Underground station which connects to both the Central and Northern lines, so that was convenient. The customer service was not what I was expecting. As an American student, I expected the concierge to give clear directions, but they seemed inconvenienced each time we asked about the buses or which way to a…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small and strange,"Stayed one night in the hotel in a small room which was ok as I am medium size. If you are a larger person you may struggle with the small room and bathroom. I ate in the restaurant and it was a strange concoction. I ordered a sushi starter but this came covered in what I could only describe as scrambled egg, which was warm over a cold sushi!!!! The main was ok beef teriyaki which came on mash with a rice side dish,they would be better loosing the mash and just serving with rice. Breakfast was your usual hotel breakfast, school canteen set up and not much thought to the content. Luckily only stayed one night.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Definitely a great hotel,Visited this hotel on a three night break . Reception area very spacious and informative staff on hand to offer you.  Rooms are small but adequate for a good night's sleep.  Clean and fresh couldn't fault the rooms. Good idea to request a room on Bedford Ave less noise.  Concierge staff are courteous and very helpful towards your needs. Breakfast is good value for money included in the package clean comfortable seating area informative staff definitely recommend this hotel,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"I stayed at the St Giles whilst on a business trip, for one night only. The hotel is in an excellent location with Oxford Street, Covent Garden and theatre land all within easy walking distance. I arrived in the middle of the evening and reception was fairly quiet. Check-in was straightforward and the staff were friendly and welcoming.  I had booked a single room and whilst I was only staying for the one night, the room was claustrophobically small. Enough room for a bed, a desk and that’s about it. Nowhere to easily put luggage or store items. The bathroom is also very small and there is a small shower cubicle which you need to step up into. The bathroom was so small that you have to close the door to be able to use the toilet and I struggled to dry myself after a shower simply…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Thank you ever so much for a Great Stay!,"Just a short note to thank you for a great stay.  We have decided to stay at the St. Giles hotel after relatives have previously chosen the St. Giles.    From check - in to check -out all staff were very friendly and corteous.   After this very poitive exeperience at St. Giles hotel, St. Giles would definetly be my chosen hotel in London for my future travels.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - basic room,"Stayed there for two nights last week. Great welcoming at the door, the lobby was rather busy and it took about 20 minutes to check in. The hotel is very big and reminds you of a dorm, many young people. I got a room 547. The elevators are fast and ok. The corridors are rather confusing and extremely tired (shabby) so was the room. The room had a very strange odour. The size of the room was ok. The bathroom was very small with a shower. The bedlinen were clean and ok. The room was rather cold so I needed the extra blanket that was kept in the closet.  I liked to find extra towels in the closet and extra pillows and a warm blanket.  The bar downstairs is great. The bartenders were great and made great drinks. St. Giles are not the best hotel in London but it has a great location…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location,"This is in a good location, close to the tube and in walking distance of the British Museum etc.  The hotel feels a little dated; there were significant amounts of wood panelling in my room, but the price was decent for London.  The room was functional, but on the snug side, as was the shower, but it was clean.  Breakfast was OK, again it is best described as functional.  The hotel seems to cater for large coach parties, or maybe I was there when there were a few booked in.  There was an error in the booking when I arrived, but this was resolved without much difficulty.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ODD,"This hotel reminded me of a trip to Butlins some years ago. The rooms felt like a Butlins room.The Breakfast was like a Butlins breakfast. The inmates were like Butlins punters. The hotel has a thin veneer of quality that is quickly diminished after a little while. It obviously caters for a diverse population and for that reason needs to be given some credit. The bathroom was the best part of the room and had obviously been done up recently, sadly the rest of the room was tired. Having said all that, like my Butlins stay I quite enjoyed it. There is a buzzing bar in the hotel that stays open until late and is actually quite reasonably priced. The beds were comfortable enough. Location is good. Don't pay a lot and you wont be disappointed.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Here's the scoop!,"Okay, here is the deal...... The reviews are all over the place at this hotel and I will clear that up.  There are 3 room types. basic, deluxe and executive.  Therefore you get reviews all over the board.  We stayed in the Deluxe which we paid about $15 pound more and I was glad I had as the room was very basic but it  did have a much needed lounge chair and a desk to put all of our items on.  It had 2 windows one in the desk bathroom area and one in the bedroom area.  These rooms are very basic, they are not what I would call luxurious in anyway.  Think more very large dorm room.  It was very clean and had some nice amenities like coffee in the room and toiletries and even had a little view. Our room The Deluxe had an air-condition unit in it. The Basic room does not. …",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, comfortable but small rooms.","When we checked in to the hotel it was efficient and polite.   Our room was on the 12th floor which meant that we caught the lift to the 11th floor and then changed lifts to get top the 12th floor.  The room was very clean but very small. the shower room was even smaller than I expected after reading previous reviews. I estimate by the floor tiles that it measured 3.5' x 4' without the shower cubicle.  As with all popular hotels the lobby and lift area becomes very congested at certain times of the day. However, i would not recommend climbing the back stairs. I did this on one occasion and counted about 150 steps to the 12th floor.At 72 I had almost forgotten what Lactic acid felt like, I remember now.  Check out the next morning was as efficient as before. I would therefore…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Godd Hotel, Excellent Location","This was my 2nd stay at the St Giles and it didn't disappoint. It is in a great location close to Covent Garden, Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube station. The hotel is excellently run from concierge to reception, check in was smooth and room very clean. Overall very good value for money and would have no hesitation returning.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I've been staying there for 25 years,"I get to London several times a year.  I have always stayed at the St. Giles since it is a good value for the price.  It is nice to have the YMCA available.  The rooms are clean, but not spacious.    Make sure you request a room facing Bedford Ave since the hotel is near the main road to hospital and ambulances use it all night with their sirens going.  The lifts are generally crowed and you will wait a long time for the lift to arrive if you are on a middle floor.  If you are on a lower floor, you can use the stairs to reach the lobby.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel location.,"The St Giles Hotel is in an excellent location for the theatres in the west end of London. It is within easy walking distance of the theatres, bars, restaurants and shops. Also it is very close to the underground stations. The hotel it self  had everything you would need .  Very clean, good coffee shop and a great breakfast. The staff were all very helpful and made you most welcome. I would defiantly stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to friends.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, really central.","Had a very pleasant 1 night stay at hotel last weekend.  Arrived at hotel at approx.11am as our flight was early, pleasantly surprised to see that our hotel rooms were ready so we were able to check in straight away and no time was wasted.  Staff at reception and concierge were very helpful.  Hotel very busy but we had no major delays, breakfast was great with a lot of choice.  The hotel is just a few minutes walk to Oxford Street and we walked to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, London eye and surrounding area in about 20 minutes.  Primark and Boots are just across the street.  We were able to let our bags in hotel the following day until we were ready to go, at a £1 charge which left us free to get around sightseeing for the day. I suppose the only downside was the room size which…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London stay,"We stayed at this hotel as we was going to see a show and wanted to be central to most this. We got to hotel to be welcome by the porter got into hotel and after a matter of minutes we was in our room,very nice room to unpacked and away we went, our weekend was fill of site seeing and shopping and of course our show.staff was brilliant asked if we needed anything every time we returned to hotel food was great to breakfast and  evening meal in hotel,we recommend this hotel to couples or family's ",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny room, no heating poor service","recently booked a 2 night special birthday break for some family at this hotel it was not cheap - supposed to be double room however it was no bigger than a single room, bed was not a double but a three quarter size so tiny and heating was not working so room was freezing. Despite complaining the hotel were unhelpful and did nothing about the issues. On leaving we were asked if everything was ok and when we listed the issues he said we should have been offered a heater... We were not but where would it have gone ....... This was recommended and. I would never recommend again..... Tiny rooms, tiny beds, expensive, cold can't think of anything worse. Don't stay here.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
3697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Loved our stay here,"Normally we stay at Premier Inns but this time we were with a friend from abroad and were going to a performance at Ronnie Scott's in Soho.  We opted for what we hoped would be something a little more luxurious and  were not disappointed.  The hotel is minutes from Tottenham Court Road station (if you don't take the wrong turning, as we did :0), 5 minutes from the Dominion Theatre, 10 minutes walk to Ronnie Scott's, and ideally placed for Oxford Street/Regent Street, etc.  Having read previous reviews, we decided to book ""executive"" rooms, a single and a double, on floors 9 and 10.  The single was very small but it had everything you could need, including a mini fridge (with bottled water), safe and a luxurious ensuite shower room.  The double was spacious, again with a fridge,…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second Stay & Thoroughly Enjoyed It!,"We had stayed at the St Giles in 2013 and yes the room was small and breakfast hap hazard but when looking for hotel to stay in in December 2014 we were seeing mixed reviews in other hotels so thought we'd stick with what we knew!   So glad we did! Granted the hotel is always full, that should tell you something, as I kept ringing for an upgrade but due to being full couldn't get to the bit of saying my name. I had booked the hotel for two nights and well in advance so got a really good rate - can't wait to be able to book for July already!   Our train was quite delayed so rang the hotel to make sure we weren't classed as a no show, they were very courteous on the phone and advised that so long as you check in before midnight we would be fine. Upon arrival we were advised we…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed feelings about the St Giles,"A group of us stayed here for two weeks and I do agree that the location was nice being close to the theatres, Covent Garden, and Oxford Street for shopping, but it is also near SoHo so it was alwsys very busy. Personally, I prefer a quieter location with less people.  The rooms are incredibly small, and while this was a shock to us at first, we adjusted and it wasn't so bad. Except for the heat. Our room was like a saunna, I asked three times if the temp could be turned down but nothing was done. So we slept with the fan on and window down (in January). The problem with opening the window however, is noisy street traffic.  The lobby is also always so crowded (they need a much bigger lobby) and the elevators struggled with all the traffic. I got stuck in one for 10 minutes.  …",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"My daughter and I recently returned from a shopping trip and stayed in St Giles. It is a lovely hotel, in a great location, just a few minutes walk from Oxford St. and not to far from Covent Garden, the British Museum and the theaters/shows. We had requested an early check in and our room was ready on arrival. The room was at the back of the hotel, very quiet, it was small but very clean with tea/coffee making facilities.There are a selection of places to eat, breakfast was excellent, and being able to have a coffee or drink in the 24 hour cafe after a day at the shops was brilliant. The staff were very friendly and helpful, especially in the restaurants. Will definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great weekend 16th January 2015,"Nice central hotel, room very small though with inadequate window. Great idea to put mobile air conditioner/cooler in room. Bathroom clean with fab hot shower. Towels very small. Very quiet despite the hotel being very busy. Breakfast , a great choice but busy and chaotic. Great choice of hot and cold food. Beds clean and comfy. Had a great nights sleep, the first since early December! Great location close to Tottenham Court Road tube station, and very handy for Oxford Street shopping. Also nice and close to Theatre Land and the fabulous West End. Especially handy for Primark! Would certainly recommend and hope to return for our next sojourn in England's Capital city.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location-Third Visit,"This was our third visit to the hotel. We have no complaints as it is what it is.  That is ideally located for the 'Attractions'.  We go for the theatre (musicals) and all so far have been within walking distance. The famous shopping streets are close by if you want them along with many other sites. Rooms are basic and small.  On our last visit we upgraded to a room with sitting area which was okay but the TV was in the bed area, clear signs were there to show it had been moved.  As we spend so little time in the room we went back to the basic this time. We booked a quiet room which seems to be any that don't overlook the front of the hotel which can be noisy. Great for a short stay of two to three days. The breakfast area can be very busy with foreign tourists, we ate…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"My husband and I stayed here in January for one night on the first floor, think it was room 169.  I wouldn't really describe it as a room more of a box.  There was a bed but not enough room to put two cases down without having to climb over things it was one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in.  It was very hot and there didn't seem to be a way of turning down the radiator.  Wifi charges were ridiculous 10 pounds for a day????  Breakfast was more like eating in a canteen and pretty basic, we certainly don't recommend the apple juice which tasted like it was powered and very watered down.  The place seemed to be frequented by back packers which is really what the place is suited to.  Its only + is that its in a great position for Soho and all the shows but I wouldn't…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
3704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb location,"Great hotel, good welcome,3 good restaurants,good room ,had no problems with lifts,bedroom,bathroom,short on lounge space, but spent most time out of the hotell handy for shows and shopping . We will return on our next visit to London",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect ,"Perfect for the theatre, shopping on Oxford Street and all sightseeing of London. Not a bad hotel also, so you can't get better than that. Oh, and the price is right also. The single room for our daughter was a wee bit small but adequate. ",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Fantastic Location",Me and my wife stayed at the Hotel in November and the Hotel was perfect for our needs. We enjoyed the Hotel bars and food and the room was good as we upgraded and everything was above standard. I would stay at this hotel again without question its very good located and your right in the middle of everything.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disingenuous Management and Wifi Ambush,"Room wifi costs $20 per day. I did not use it to comment on quality.  Lobby internet costs $2 for 20 minutes on archaic computers that are prone to crashing.  Wifi in the mezzanine coffee shop is purportedly included when purchasing something from midday until 4pm. However, these are hours when most tourists are be out seeing sights.  The lifts had a very frequent problem of re-opening doors without moving from a floor.  Toilet flush was inadequate requiring several flushes.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London night out,"This hotel is a real let down. Tiny rooms with twin beds over looking a major long term construction site. Maid came in on the hour ever hour from 8 o clock in the morning. But I suppose you can leave the do not disturb card on the door to stop this.  Bar was nice and comfortable and average priced to local places. It us advertised in the foyer as 24hr but we were asked to leave at midnight but the casino was fun to just go and watch but again you have to enter from the street as the access from the hotel is again advertised till 4am but the doors were  locked. Average and jotting really to write home about which is a shame as it is ideally  situated  for theatre, Convent gardens and liecester Sq. ",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
3709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good value fine location BUT,"Very handy for West End theatres and North London Termini.Room clean but ensuite a bit grubby could do wit an "" on departure"" check out card as a cheap way of monitoring room cleanliness.. We were offered upgrade cheap bfast for £3 a head but deliberate confusion leads people to upgrade themselves & get surcharged. £10",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great weekend in London,"Daunted by the amount of hotels in London to choose  from, i did good by picking this beauty.  Right bang in the middle of it all. Walking distance from Oxford street, trafalgar Square, China Town and lots more in between, A great hotel with ok sized rooms,  The one draw back with the rooms is there is no air conditioning and there was a heat wave there when we were there in July 2014.  nice lively bar downstairs, which make nice cocktails.  A great base for travelling the city.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location for a weekend trip,"I stayed in the St. Giles Hotel from the 9th to the 11th of January 2015. The location is amazingly central and within a two minute walk to Oxford Street. The hotel is quite large and has leisure facilities. The only one thing I could fault, if even, with the hotel is that the hotel is quite large so you can be waiting a long time on the lifts..but that is a minor issue.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,Perfect location. Simple rooms and dreadfull breakfast. Not very clean.  Great restaurants nearby. Watch out for the smalest rooms!  Breakfast restaurant  is a total disaster. Uncomfortable beds and furniture run down.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"The St Giles is in a great location, perfect for shopping on Oxford street! The rooms are good value for money, however the standard double rooms are rather small, but more than fine for a couple of days. Staff are friendly. The only negatives was the bathroom could have been cleaner as some dust was found in places, and if your room is next to the lobby you may be left with the beeping of the lift shaft all night! However good stay and I would stay again. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great located hotel,"Stayed here last March, and the hotel from the outside is not very attractive. But it is in a great location and central to all the attractions London has to offer.  Be warned rooms are very small, but are cozy and are great for a one night stop over. The hotel bar is a great place to have a drink and soak up the good atmosphere. Breakfast here is a must and is great value, as you get a big selection of breakfast items. Downside is the lifts, they are very small, and its a long wait to take one up to the floor you need. If your feeling energetic take the stairs. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for $$,Amazing location- right next to subway an in the heart of London. Walkable distance from anywhere in Central London. Heart of west end so great for the theatres. Tidy and reasonably spacious deluxe room. No wifi in room but bar downstairs had it and a great menu. For the price and location- you can't go past st giles  ,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good breakfast,"Situated opposite Tottenham Road tube station and a very short walk from the British Museum. Boots, Sainsburys, Dorothy Perkins and a few other cafes and shops. It is a huge hotel of 8 floor and about 700 rooms.  Positive aspects: - well trained reception staff - at least 3-4 on duty on check-ins during the day - two very helpful concierge staff on duty in the foyer - the best breakfast I have seen for a long time - buffet style.  Cooked food, fruit, pastries, yoghurt, cheese, ham, juice, coffee/tea, etc.  Eat as much as you like.  Very enjoyable. -  good location at the top of Oxford Street - checkout is 11AM - central heating is reduced.  Instead of cooking like a lobster in compulsory, hot central heating, the temperature in rooms is much cooler at this hotel.  More…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel great location,"Recently stayed in Giles hotel for a business trip requested a quiet room and received same. Fantastic central location grows food , staff  most helpful. No matter what the purpose of your trip this hotel will come up trumps",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very nice,"We stayed for about a week during Christmas 2011. We really enjoyed our stay as the location was perfect. Next to Totenam court tube station ,next to many many Theatres, lovely location, you could go anywhere in London. The room was too small, price was ok for London and we had also breakfast ""to go"" which was good for begining your day (coffee-fruit-a small sadwhich or croissant). I would choose this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location. Rooms are small but clean and functional with plenty of storage, a dressing table and amenities. The rooms are a little outdated but the shower rooms have been recently refurbished. Great value considering the amazing location.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"NYE stay, excellent location and easy parking","I booked a nye stay for my daughter and myself and had a twin room. Check in was easy, the lifts were quite quick. We were on the first floor so didn't have a great view at all, with a corner window. The room itself was quite small, I was slightly disappointed but for central London and the only staying one night I didnt feel it worth complaining. However the room was clean but showed some mildew on the wall, so verbal the room was nothing glamorous as shown on the website, but that said I would use the hotel again but maybe ask for a better room next time. I'm sure the site also offered free wifi but it wasn't free.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Typical transit hotel!,"We stayed one night after a theatre visit. Initiall were given a very small double room (907) even though we paid for an executive room. The room was changed immediately after I complained. We had room 906 which was large and airy with views over the City. A comfy king size bed and some nice toiletries but not at all luxurious. Very quiet and excellent location but disappointing bar, very drab and run down. Would we stay again? Possibly because of the location but would look at other hotels first.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,New years eve,"Booked for one night...NYE location just couldn't be beaten for the price..less than 50 yards from tottenham court road tube .Room was on the 8th floor but there were plenty lifts working....Room was small but very clean and warm...quite a noisey night with police sirens most of the night, but was expected....Minimal noise from other rooms..which was suprising. as the disco was in full swing at 01.30.....didn't have the breakfast,couldnt face it...lol,,check out was easy as staff polite and professional will definetley stay here again...especially for a shopping trip on oxford street....",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great NYE stay at this hotel!,"Just got back from two nights stay 30/31 December at this hotel. What a find!! Could not fault the excellent location which is literally a stones throw from the Tottenham Court Road tube station (please note this is due to close shortly for refurb) and right in the heart of amenities and facilities and shops. Theatre land is a short walk and all the landmarks and sights are within suitable walking distance and the tube wasn't necessary for us at all on the day we visitied Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar, Westminster et al. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. I needed more pillows and they were there straight away. The room is adequate, clean, comfortable and warm and the shower room is modern and well equipped with soap, towels hot water etc. The breakfast is as always busy…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location above all,"The staff is friendly but not that porfessional, the location is really the best. The check was the longest I ever had and with no reason just because to receptionist was really un productive and stressed. Rooms are really small with short beds (Im 1.85 and all of my feets was out of the mattress) and the smell of smoking is really deep in the carpet which makes the staying in the room disgusting. To pay on gym, pool etc its ok but to pay on luggage room its ridiculous. I wont go back again tough the great location and an ok staying exprience, better to add 20 pounds per night and enjoy a cleaner, newer place (Hilton for example).",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,My friend and I stayed at this hotel for one night in January 2014. We came to London to have a short thetre break. I booked this through tickettree. We were given a twin room which is what we asked for. The staff were very friendly and the hotel is in a great location and the rooms are lovely clean and tidy. The breakfast was great as well. I am looking at booking another thretre break with the same friend but for April and we will hopefully been staying here again.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"I stayed in the hotel for a long weekend. It was absolutely perfect for me and my partner. It was our first time visiting London, so we wanted to be central but not pay over the odds, with it being so much cheaper compared to other hotels in the same area I wasn't expecting much. However I was very pleased on arrival as the room and en suite exceeded our expectations. Good facilities, clean room, comfortable bed and a decent shower. Our room was on the main road so got woken up early due to traffic but it's to be expected in such a central spot. Would definitely stay again, in fact I've booked a weekend in February as a gift for my mothers birthday.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very helpful staff, great location.","A wonderful location. Very helpful staff.  I had booked a deluxe double but was not happy with this room, Omar changed me to a deluxe twin which I much preferred. His professionalism and personal touch made my stay. Thank you.  The deluxe double has a larger sitting area and a double bed. The deluxe twin has more space for the beds, I also preferred having a double quilt each rather than sharing one.  Next time I go I will book an executive twin overlooking the British Museum with a view.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Booked this hotel based on location and price for 2 stays during December. The location was perfect for walking and the tube and buses and there is a taxi stand at the front of the hotel. Lots of local bars and restaurants and shopping.The rooms are small but you can overlook that for the amount of time you spend in there if you are in London to sightsee. The reception staff were helpful and efficient. It can get very busy at reception and long queues especially when the tour buses arrive and depart. The breakfast room can also be very busy with queues waiting for a table so allow extra time if you have to be somewhere at a particular time in the morning. There is no free wifi in the rooms.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Possibly the best value for money in London.,"If there is a better value for money hotel in London, I've yet to discover it.  This is the second time I've stayed here and I really can't fault it.  First, the location is perfect with museums, theatres and shopping all at your doorstep plus direct access to five different Tube lines and over a dozen bus services within easy walking distance.  The decor is dated and basic but everything is well maintained.  It's a big hotel and so there are usually queues at peak check-in times but the staff are quite adept at keeping the lines moving so it's not as daunting as it might first appear.  The standard double room is somewhat smaller than the standard international size but it's not uncomfortably small, especially for one occupant. The single rooms may be a bit too small for some…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Last minute trip to London. Hotel located at the back of the Dominion theatre. Easy walking distance to Oxford St, Soho, Trafalgar Square, theatre land. Lots of local bars and restaurants. Staff very friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel has bars, restaurants and a casino. Rooms reasonably priced. Rooms themselves good value for money. Would give it 5 but being picky about, towels not the best. Sunlight gets through blinds, no curtains. Also a weird thing is that if you visit a lower level, there is no up button for the lift. Strange but true. Would go back. ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, poor room standard with cold, underpowered shower","The hotel is in a good location right across the street from Tottenham Court Road tube station. It is within easy walking distance of The British Library, Leicester Square and Oxford Street. The staff are fast and efficient, no fuss check-in. Unfortunately we were on the 12th floor which seems to be an extension of the main hotel. The room we were in was comfortable enough with all the facilities you need, however the shower is really bad. I don't know if this is because we were shoved up on the 12th floor or not but it took ages to warm up (if it warmed up at all!) and came out in little more than a trickle. Despite being on the 12th floor in the clouds we could still hear lots of street noise, which I suppose can be said for most London hotels. Other than that there was not…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel is within Easy walking distance to the tube station. I stayed here for one night. Check in was brisk and efficient with the reception staff being very pleasant. Our room was on the first floor. Bed comfortable, bathroom had shower only and was small but a good power shower with lots of hot water. Noise from the street such as sirens could be heard all night but this could have been because I was on the first floor. My only complaint was night noise. There seemed to be a generator that went on and off all night. No view from my room but I wasn't expecting one. Breakfast was included and it was a full English breakfast and good. If it's not included I think it's £9.95. No free wi fi in the general hotel. Sainsburys supermarket is almost across the road. ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel,"hotel is situated in a fantastic central location,the service was second to none,restaurants and bars were good great food. Only stayed one night as visiting a show the european (english) breakfast on departure was excellent",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small Double Rooms - Good Breakfast,The location of this hotel is brilliant. Very close to The Dominion Theatre and the Underground. Looks very plush on first sight and to be honest it was - but why oh why does a double room have to be the size of a single room with a double bed? There was no room to swing a cat. Such a shame. I've paid less in London for much bigger rooms - so when booking be aware. I could cope as I was alone but no way could two people stay in the room together without falling over eachother.  On the plus side breakfast - buffet style - was very good with a huge choice of hot and cold food.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Me and my 12 yr old daughter have just returned after a 2 night stay bed and breakfast at the hotel. The hotel is situated in a great area just off Oxford st.  We were situated in the East Tower which was quiet and away from main road. Breakfast was good although very busy at times but was available up to 10:30 so no need to rush! We enjoyed our stay here and would definitely be returning and recommending to others.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Booked to visit Ronnie Scott's jazz club,Well there were a few negative reviews posted but the cost (excellent value) and the proximity to Ronnie Scott's club (plus good pubs and restaurants) made it a no brainer for our visit on the 23rd December.  The room was on the small side but tastefully furnished and very functional. The bathroom was modern and clean...however the water in the shower took a while to warm up.....my only negative regarding the stay.  The bed was comfortable ....what more could we want for an overnight stop.  Again...not the most stylish place I've ever stayed at but I'd stay there again and the location is ideal.   Thank you......,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,Excellent Location - we stayed there over the Xmas period and managed to walk everywhere because of where this hotel is located. Clean and friendly and the breakfast is very nice. We even had a Three Course Xmas Dinner in the hotel on Xmas day priced at £20 including Coffee and a mince pie - it wasn't the best but very nice. We'll be back,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Christmas Trip,"Go executive - it is worth it.  The room had a great view of the London Eye, we had more room for our money and it was in a quieter location.  Lovely served breakfast in the resturant rather than queueing in the main breakfast room.  Great service, great location, good value.  2nd visit and would go again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent budget hotel in one of the best locations in London,"Having read many negative reviews on Tripadvisor for St Giles Classic Hotel in London, I was very reluctant to make a reservation. However I went ahead and booked it and wasn't disappointed. We stayed at St Giles from December 20, 2014 till December 27, 2014 and were very satisfied. We booked two executive double rooms, which were very spacious and recently renovated. Bed was very comfortable and there was an executive office, which can be very useful for business visitors. Bathroom was also recently refurbished and was quite big. Both rooms had large soundproof windows with nice views of London. Upon our arrival, check-in was fast and efficient. There is a separate reception desk for executive rooms. Cleaning service during our stay was good. Full English breakfast was included…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pretty mixed bag!,"I was staying with my wife and 3 year old son for one night.  The hotel was fine in most respects and was relatively competitively priced for London.  However, even in a deluxe double, the room was tiny and felt a little claustrophobic (although relatively good use had been made of the limited space).  The room was clean, quite well appointed and the staff were very helpful.  The two main downsides were the lack of free wifi (pretty much prehistoric in this day and age) and, most annoyingly, the room (on the 1st floor) was incredibly noisy overnight.  As such, I had a very broken and unsettled sleep.  The food in the adjacent restaurant was OK.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Hotel night stay,We booked this hotel for a nights stay in town to attend the theatre and complete Xmas shopping. Good clean basic room was ready early and so we could check in. For 80 pound in central London this was a great deal. Would stay here again.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Comfy room","My husband & I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, we were celebrating our wedding Anniversary, the hotel was pleasant, the room was small but it was adequate enough for our short stay, it was clean & comfortable, the food was good & the bars were nice, we loved the location, it is just off of Tottenham Court road, & the tube station, a couple of minutes walk to Oxford street & walking distance to the theatre district & China town, plenty of shops near the hotel, its ideal for a stay in London, I had e/mailed the hotel prior to arriving & asked could we have a high quiet room as we are OAP's & we were coming to celebrate our anniversary, we received a reply to say they would pass the information to reception, when we arrived they had given us a high & quiet room, when we went to…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Totally Unacceptable,"The St Giles hotel policy is that the housekeeping staff start to wake you up at 8.30am & 9.30am until you get out of your room, this really makes you feel welcome as you don't need to leave your room until 11.00am I left feedback with the receptionist & also by email, I had an email from Charles Maw who is the guest service manager asking me to advise a contact telephone no, he then called me to say that as they don't know when the guests leave then the housekeeping staff will always knock on room doors irrelevant of whether the door sign do not disturb is up or not, I didn't ask for a wake up call.  I won't be staying there again :(",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, nice room","The best thing going for this hotel is its location. The next-best thing going for it was that there was nothing seriously wrong. The room was surprisingly large for London, and reasonably comfortably furnished. The staff were as helpful as they could be with long queues behind us. In other words, this is a large, impersonal, perfectly okay London hotel.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,can't get much better than this for the price!,"there's a mixed bag of reviews for this hotel.  I was only using it as i was on a large night out and would have missed the last train home, so it was a place to sleep only!  I got a great deal for a single night and didn't expect much at all to be honest! The hotel is a 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road station and convenient for the shops and restaurants of the west end, and also the british museum just round the corner!  My room was very small but for one it would have enough hanging and drawer space, and enough room around the bed to move about!  the bathroom was also small, with a shower only, which is definately not for the claustrophobic, climbing round the side of the toilet to get to it!!!! HOWEVR, what a great shower it was, hot and lots of water!! Toiletries are…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but Comfy....,"Having always stayed at Travelogues while in London i thought this time would have a change and booked a Single Room at St Giles. I was pleasantly surprised. Good clean room big enough for one person, having said that if your big then you might struggle to get into the shower and the bathroom, but overall a good size room for one person. Central location, would stay again. Value for money.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Bed - But don't expect Service.,"This busy central London Hotel was fit for purpose and room wise a comfortable nights sleep. As for welcoming at reception it was so matter of fact it was was missing, I speak back to my computer more, maybe the time of arrival at 18.00 was part of the fault as it was busy and there was a queue but not being told that the lifts don't go all  the way to the 12th was not good. We entered three lifts before we saw a notice that we had to change lifts on the 11th floor. As for other aspects of the hotel I cannot comment as we were at theatre and arrived back late and left early in the morning without breakfasting.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The room was small but adequate for a one night stay.  Everything was clean, bed was comfortable and the bathroom was also clean.  However, the light coming into the room from outside was bright enough to keep us awake. Added to which, the light coming in from around the door was also very bright.   Next time we stay, we will take eye masks with us!!  Room was on the 6th floor - no problem there but the lift was really slow.  The hotel bar closed at 10.00pm and we were then expected to get our drinks from Hudsons Bar next door.  However, on the Friday before Christmas, I would not attempt to reach the bar in there - it was far too crowded for me.  Solved the problem by going to Sainsburys across the road and buying takeout to drink in our room!  None of the above was enough to…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel for the price,"When we arrived there was a mix up and we were given a basic rather than the deluxe we had paid for, however we were offered free breakfast. If I had paid for the breakfast I would have been fuming but as it was free I can't complain. A tip, if you want breakfast go an hour before you need to it's the smallest room in the world and is one in one out so you queue to get in then join another huge queue for the food. Good central location though. Clean simple rooms with all amenities. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's ok,"I stayed here whilst in London for business, hotel is in a great location and has good facilities onsite, check in was a bit slow. My bed was 2 singles pushed together and very uncomfortable. The room was quite noisy being by the lifts too. It was ok for one night ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal Location,"I have stayed here twice in two weeks and asked for the same room the 2nd week. It is ideally located for central London. The room, although small, was suitable for a 1 night stay. I have looked at other comments and, although I cannot comment on those particular rooms, I found the room I stayed in to be very clean and comfortable. I could adjust the heating by a thermostat under the fitted table in the room. The only thing I would raise is that they may want to look at fitting some kind of shelf in the shower as there is nowhere for you to put your shampoo etc apart from the step into the shower which then allows water to go all over the floor. They do however supply shampoo in there. As for the noise, I couldn't hear anything with the window shut on the 2nd floor but the hotel…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,theatre break,"room clean and comfortable, reception staff friendly. Our room had a strange musty smell only complaint. Reception staff very helpful. Had to wait for lifts for quite a while so used stairs, very good location.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great Location,"We stayed 2 nights 13-15 of December. Location very good for visiting London city, West End, Soho, Chinatown, Leicester Square and Oxford Street.Breakfast is very good. we stayed on the third floor, was a bit noisy at night, room could have done with a good dusting and was quite small. Shower was good. Staff were excellent and helpful.All in all for the price great value, ask for an upgrade at checkin, wasn't available for us when we stayed.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, less that average", They should pay more attention to heating... One cannot control it and it was off (by timer as it seems) where I sometimes awoke feeling cold. Sheets and carpet were old although sheets were clean. Location is really perfect.. The casino linked to it was a nice for a quick visit,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bit noisy during night,Stayed for 3 nights on 2 floor and was noisy in middle of night. Dustbins etc being emptied. Good stay overall and quite cheap. Rooms v small and could not have stayed longer.  I was a lone traveller wouldn't have been room for 2 nd person,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only for very short stays,"I stayed for one night in a single room. The only good things were the location and the staff who were very kind and willing to help.  Overall, a very disappointing experience. The room was tiny (like a cupboard!) and not very clean. The furniture looked ancient and dirty. I've stayed in 1 star hotels that were more pleasant than this... There was an issue with the hot water in the room. However, the hotel manager was quick to resolve it.  There are nicer hotels in London for that price. Avoid.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible rooms,"I was attending a conference at a nearby hotel, and chose this out of location. The hotel is close to Tottenham Court Road (TCR) tube and bus stop. I got a room in the West Tower facing TCR. The room was terrible! It looked badly compared with any standard, and was without any curtains. The wall to wall carpet smelled bad and there were no ventilation in the room. Since the room was overlooking TCR, opening the window was not an alternative due to noise. With windows closed and with earplugs, it was hard to sleep. The floor in the bathroom was sticky. The next morning I complained about the room, and they were willing to change without any questions. I guess I was not to first client to complain about that room. The next night I was put in one of the “redecorated” rooms. The…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"I stayed at this hotel as part of a coach trip holiday so the price for the hotel was really cheap.  The location of the hotel is perfect! It is literally round the corner from the famous Oxford Street and you can see the BT tower from some bedrooms. There is Tottenham Court Road tube station, less than a minute away, as well as local shops such as Sainsburys, local food places such as Burger King and the Palladium theatre less than a minute away.  The hotel is lovely inside with 3 bars/cafes which unfortunately I didn't have time to visit but always had people inside so that must mean it is nice in there. One of the cafes were 24 hours so if you arrive late at night or get hungry late at night then there is always something you can have. I did look at the menu and considering…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Really not good,I spent one night in this hotel - another would have been unbearable. The room being no more than a large broom cupboard was tolerable - it was only for sleeping in and single rooms are often like that. It was the shabbiness and unclean bedding that made it so bad. When I arrived I noticed that the window was open. Not a problem - it was helping to clear the atmosphere. It was only n getting back to the room after theatre I closed it - only to find that the catch was insecure and it reopened sometime during the night making the room very cold. I also discovered late at night that the venetian blind control had snapped off and the blinds could not be closed. The bathroom would have been OK if the flush handle fell off in the middle of the night. And it was no fun to be awakened…,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Poor Experience,"We spent 3 nights in this ""hotel"".  I would say hotel is the wrong word, and it should be renamed as a hostel...  Firstly, our bed sheets were stained and so old you could actually almost see through it, it was so threadbare.  We had to call the night manager at 12 midnight (as we had just come back to go to sleep) to have the bed sheets replaced.  The manager was very polite and had the sheets changed straight away - I cannot deny his desire to please and apologize.  However, it must be said that our room was very very poor, there were marks on the walls, somebody else's toenails on the bathroom floor, despite being promised a so-called deep clean after the complaint the night before!  The carpet looks ancient, I couldn't put my naked feet on it.  The furnishing is dismal and…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"Booked two nights for a weekend in London. We allocated a twin room as requested but when we opened the door we could not believe how small it was. There was no furniture other than a dressing table chair no where to put anything at all and the smallest TV I have seen in any hotel, which incidentally you had to sit on the ends of the beds to watch, but no where to put a drink. I tried to get an upgrade but non were available. The bathroom was again the smallest I have seen, smaller even than most cruise ship bathrooms, with a shower cubicle approx. 30'square.  There was also an unpleasant drain smell in the bathroom which required the light(fan) to be left on constantly. On arrival we found the room very cold and the thermostat did not appear to work. We informed reception and…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice exterior, dirty and dated interior","I couldn't believe my company paid £100 a night for this - I KNOW I can stay in London for less than this!  The hotel exterior and reception was lovely, but my room was dated, rough around the edges and dirty. The room was tiny: although a double, you couldn't have fitted two people in there comfortably! And there was no heating control, so you just have to put up with the cold.   The lifts were inadequate for the building: I often ended up queuing, and took the stairs a few times (which were really dated, vinyl affairs). The restaurants were overpriced, and looked lovely from the outside but... turn a corner and you're in a dated, cold vinyl passage way again. The breakfast buffet was nice enough, but a poorly laid out mayhem! I wasn't impressed by the wifi prices: I would…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shame about check in,It didn't bode well at my recent visit whilst checking in It took 10mins before I was eventually seen to the receptionist was more interested in the conversation next to her with a customer complaining then at payment stage had to go as her shift was done and another girl took over. I was then nearly charged more for my room than booked this was then corrected and paid now into 30mins stood at reception. I then asked for a VAT receipt and told I could not have one as the VAT would not go onto till after midnight a poor excuss so I asked to see the duty manager who carried on with this excuss with a dim attitude and in basic term just walked off when I said I'm the customer I was replied with so!!! Eventually 45mins later I got to my room and it was clean and comfy  Food in the…,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Size is not everything,"I stayed her last year in a single room which must have been the smallest in London ,how they got a single bed toilet and shower was amazing .thought I would book a double ,clever as the same price. You guessed it I got the smallest double room in London.the bed touched three walls.however it does not claim to be a boutique hotel and the location is great.better value than London travel lodges and premier inns.for a overnight stop it clean and does the job .if you fear enclosed spaces give it a miss .",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good value for money,"Stayed for one night on business. Great central location (2 min walk from Tottenham Court Rd Underground station), but wasn't noisy. Had a single room, which was (obviously) small, but had everything I needed. Bed was comfortable and there was an extra pillow and blanket available in cupboard so no need to ask reception. Good water pressure and temperature in shower. Was pleasantly surprised by standard of breakfast buffet, although the breakfast room was very busy and a bit noisier than I can cope with first thing in the morning! I'll stay again and I would recommend.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ONLY RECOMMEND LOCATION,"Have stayed at this hotel 5 times - not through choice, but by going with a group and this has been the hotel we've stayed at.  I imagine it is a very cheap hotel for central London.  It is in a very good location to get everywhere, with tube station literally a couple of minutes walk away.  Cannot say anything else positive about the hotel I'm afraid.  The rooms on the whole are dingy and in need of refurb.  Our room this year had a horrible, stale smell to it, which we did alleviate after having the window open for a long time.  Cleanliness isn't too bad, though not brilliant.  Breakfast is horrific!  Far worse than any department store canteen.  Huge queues for food; grab a table that is jammed close to the next, where you can.  Food is not of a good standard and orange juice…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,This has got to be the best value for money Hotel in London. This was the second time we stayed there and the first time the room was a bit small but very clean and tidy and very comfortable bed. This time we upgraded to a bigger room and it was everything you need in London. Great location next to the Dominion Theatre and Tottenham Court Road tube station at the end of Oxford St. Very handy for Covent Garden and the Theatre district. Great gym and pool that is attached and we ordered breakfast to go which is handy but not necessary. We have stayed in many of the top hotels but realised all you need is a bed as you don't spend much time there so we will be coming back here.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great time in london,"The hotel was in the perfect location, by Oxford Street and close to the British Museum and theatres. Room was fine, but needed freshening (open the window) We felt very comfortable there and used the Hudson's restaurant next door which had great food and ambiance. Breakfast was very good and although they had gluten free bread the kitchen failed to cater for allergens.....a simple fried egg to go could not be done.....all in all, very good and recommended.  Tony",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,fantastic location great hotel,"From check in to check out it was a joy to stay at this excellent hotel.The location can't be beaten,tube station almost on the doorstep,restaurants and theaters very close by.A comfortable,stylish classy hotel with excellent and friendly staff fantastic the only place to stay in the capital ",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,Have stayed in this hotel several times over the last few years.Quiet location just off Tottenham Court road.5 mins one way to Oxford street and Dominion theatre. 5 Mins the other way to British museum. Literally 5mins to Tottenham Court station where tube takes you to Westfield in one direction and Covent Garden in the other. Lovely traditional pubs in the area and a sainsbury over the road. Even the tour coaches leaving from Victoria station are only a few tube stops away. Much better staying in this location then near Victoria Station. Pleasant walk to trafalgar square and the Thames and pretty much anywhere in London. Even Pall Mall and palace is only a tube stop or two away. Rooms are tiny but adequate and well priced considering the location. Great buffet breakfast for…,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location. Room for improvement,"There is no question: you could hardly hope for a better location. In the heart of London, where Tottenham Court Road meets Oxford Street. It was a 9 minute walk to Covent Garden for me; less to the theatres, even less to the shops :-) There are useful shops, like a grocery and a chemists right opposite. Tottenham Court Station is on the doorstep (though closed in 2015).  When you arrive, you don't realise how massive this hotel is. It wasn't until I got to breakfast that I realised just how many people were staying at the hotel. Sometimes there were queues for the lifts, of which there are only 4.  The hotel main fabric was a little worn, probably because of so many passing through. The room was good quality, recently renovated, but the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good central hotel,"Good room with view, which I asked for but did not expect.We could see the city and Big Ben! Very clean and bar was handy and interesting at the end of a site seeing day. Able to leave bag the next day at no extra cost was a great bonus. Staff very polite and helpful. Would stay here again. We were on the 12 floor. This was a basic twin room which is what we paid for but view , cleanness and staff service made this a enjoyable experience",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny Room ,"There is an English saying you couldn't swing a cat in there well that's certainly true in this hotel, the rooms are really small, and there isn't much storage space in the hotel room.  The room was clean though. ",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible hotel example of everything that is wrong with London hotel,"On my way to this hotel, located just off Tottenham Court Road and five minutes to the tube, I passed by a homeless persons hostel. I did not know at this time that the people in the hostel would be in cleaner surroundings than I! the lobby is clean and accessed up a single flight of stairs with check in a relative easy issue.Thereafter it all went wrong. I was sent to room 1232 which needed a change on the 11th flor to a life that did not work I found it was easier to walk up from the 11th but there was no indication in terms of signage to do this. The room was so small that Tom Thumb would have found it claustrophobic My six foot frame dangled a good 12 inches from the end of the bed which made sleep damn near impossible. The shower had a sink in it and on a 700 mm foot plate…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,tiny room!,"we were booked into a delux room - lucky we did not have a cat to swing - it was minute. Good things, the hotel is extremely well placed for access to theatres, tottenham court road etc. Very comfortable bed. less good things. minute room, claustrophobic corridors where they have packed as many rooms as they can into the smallest space possible. We quickly gave up waiting for the lifts (never came) and used the cold concrete stairs instead. Also gave up waiting for breakfast as the queues were immense both mornings we stayed. The rooms are pretty grubby if you look closely, could do with a serious clean up. Hotel was absolutely rammed with tourists and must be a massive money maker for the owners. Much confusion over bills took a long time to resolve. OK but not my no 1 choice…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for location,"The best thing about the hotel is the location, right by London's West End and within very close reach of main attractions. I stayed in a single bedroom which was cosy and clean with a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was modern and clean but far too small, so much that the hand basin was located inside the shower cubicle, which seemed ridiculous! The hotel in general gives a fairly good impression considering the competitive rates available on internet. The staff were all friendly and helpful at all times. The main disadvantages were the fact that there was no free wifi, the breakfast was extremely crowded and the quality was terrible, the check-out was far too busy, with very long queues to take the lift, or to leave luggage. But for a quick stopover in a great location, it…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Just stayed at this hotel for a pre-Christmas get away to see a show with a group of friends, 12 in total.  The hotel offered very good value for money and was ideally located close to Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube station.   There was a lot of queueing involved at check-in, to get into the dining-room in the morning, for breakfast and again for check-out and the rooms were small but perfectly adequate for a short stay.  Would use this hotel again and would have no problem in recommding it.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff,"Nice hotel and a very good location only 2 minutes walk to the nearest subway station. In walking distance of West End, Covent Garden, Piccadily, Oxford en Regent street. Friendly staff at the reception, minus is that you have to pay for wifi.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Crap Hotel Management,"We decided to stay at this hotel as it was an affordable option and made the booking via Booking.com. When we arrived, they had lost our reservation, both of them as we were beginning and ending our trip in London. These Booking.com reservations apparently constantly are missed. Then on our second trip, we were locked out of our room due to the credit card system being down, the hotel thought we just hadn't paid. Once it was back up and running, the clerk ran my credit card incorrectly several times which forced my bank to freeze my credit card - so I'm stuck on the other side of the world with no way to access my card. The administration of this hotel is terrible, the rooms are fine but the management is awful. Don't stay here!",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This was our first stay at this hotel, we are regular visitors to London and this location is great for Oxford St, Holborn and Covent Garden. Buses are very near and only a couple of minutes from Tottenham Court Rd tube.  Rooms were Ok though the bed could do with a new mattress. The decor whilst acceptable is in need of updating.  Staff were very pleasant and knowledgable, we did not eat at the hotel, but used Garfunkels for breakfast which is on the same block",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location","Stayed here for a Xmas party. Right on the junction of Tottenham Court Road and 2 minutes walk from the tube station. Right near Soho and all its bars and close to everything. Good clean room, and views across London. Would have likes a mini bar and room service, neither available from what I could see. Full English breakfast very good but other more healthy options available.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for the city,"Some work colleagues and I stayed at the St Giles for one night after a Christmas party. Each of us had a standard room and they were ok for one person. To me, my room seemed very small for two people. My room was on the 1st floor near the elevator and I could hear people walking down the corridor and using the elevator all night.  There can be quite a wait for the elevators as they are quite small. I ended up using the stairs most of the time however they are a bit narrow with bags.  Breakfast was very busy and there were queues for hot food and hot drinks. My colleagues and I couldn't find a table for all of us to sit down together.  All in all, ok hotel for a short stay. Location is great and within walking distance from the Piccadilly area and the theatres.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"We have just got back from a 4 day stay in London,we were here to celebrate my wifes 40th,we stopped in this hotel for 3 nights, The location of this hotel is brilliant, we didn't use a bus or tube and walked everywhere, we even walked to Camden, the only time we used public transport was a taxi from the coach station. The hotel staff are so polite and helpfull, our room was lovely as was the hotel, we were on the 5th floor and did not have a problem with the lifts (Apart from a snobby cow who nearly broke her neck rushing to get passed us to grab the open lift) we just laughed at her..loved the ice machine and pint cups that were free to use,we found our room comfortable, was not humid at all, then again we always sleep with the window open so that's what we did, also the guys…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Room fine, service at breakfast disgraceful!","We stayed in this hotel last year in a standard room which was fine but with it being our 40th wedding anniversary I booked an executive room for 3 nights. (Room is fine)  Breakfast, in an executive room, is taken in the VQ cafe which is a 24 hour walk in cafe. Yesterday's breakfast (first morning of our stay) was not too bad, we were seated then left to choose off of the meagre menu ( when we stayed in the standard room it was a buffet breakfast, eat as much as you like if you want to ) with an executive room you get one choice, if you want more you have to pay for it. (we thought we already had by paying more for a better room. ) Today, after being seated for 10 minutes,  our order was taken, 25 minutes later, after asking our waitress where our order was, we received our…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, very comfy bed","Had a lovely stay at the St Giles Hotel.  I chose the hotel on the recommendation of family and I wasn't disappointed.  I did have a few issues with my booking, but they were more to do with confusion due to booking through booking.com and the website's lack of communication to the hotel.  Otherwise, the bed was very comfy, the shower was fab, and the staff were pleasant welcoming and friendly.  I did have a breakfast included in the price, but due to having a hangover I wasn't in a fit state to sit and enjoy a cooked breakfast.  Great hotel, in a great location.  Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great little place!,"Whilst the rooms are a little small the price is too. Perfectly situated and central. Hats off to the really helpful staff, they were great.  Good hearty breakfast and great choice of meats,continental and english fayre. Once again great staff and a warm atmosphere. Cant fault this ....",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gone downhill good style,"My sister and I have used this hotel for 2 nights every December for shopping and a show for the last 10 years. We have never had any complaints and have loved the hotel for the location, cleanliness and value for money. This year we were very disappointed :( ..... We were given room 1230 on the 11th floor (next to the top floor) When we inspected the room we found the toilet hadn't been cleaned and was unusable so we went back down to reception and asked that it be cleaned before our return. On returning 4 hours later this still hadn't been dealt with so we rang down to reception and requested this be done again. After a few minutes a cleaner came and did a good job although this took her about 15 minutes and a kettle full of boiling water. If cleaned regularly this wouldn't…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dirty,"Stayed here for a business function and I've got to say it was horrible, room was tiny yes but that didn't matter as its position was excellent BUT our room was dirty and the bathroom was very tired and filthy. The room smelt of unwashed sheets, so much that we had the window open the entire time. The duvet, thankfully placed over a sheet felt grubby. The carpet didn't go all the way to the wall so was left with an inch or so of bare floor where you could clearly see the red carpet gripper rods. Not a room to take your socks off..... The door wouldn't lock with the bolt so although you couldn't open the door from the outside we ended up putting a case in front of the door from the inside. We had been left someone else's toiletries (half used), I can only assume the maids thought…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good for the price","The location makes up for everything with this hotel, its not exactly comfortable or aesthetically pleasing but is good value considering prices in London.  Very busy reception area, but staff were quite good and helpful considering this.  Rooms tiny but reasonably well fitted out for a budget hotel. No free wifi or internet access onsite, you do pay for every little extra thing.  A bit cheeky that the concierge charges to hold bags for a couple of hours on a Sunday only, but free other days.  Only major issue was getting down to reception in the lifts around checkout time.  The lifts are very small and few for such a large hotel, I waited 15minutes (with 20 people queued behind me) to get into an elevator when trying to check out, and even then had to talk the lift occupants…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good night,Only stayed one night as we had a hospital appointment early the next morning in central London. Found our room to be small but extremely comfortable beds.  Slept very well. The only downside was the black tiled bathroom without any working ventilation and dim lighting. Would go back for the odd night or so. Oh and having to pay for wifi is so unaccetable!,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - Fabulous Location,"I stayed at this hotel for three nights and would recommend it.  This hotel is so close to Oxford Street and to lots of pubs and restaurants.  I had dinner in the restaurant and again this was good.  My room was a double on the third floor, and although it was small, it was very clean.  The shower was good.  Breakfast in the morning is a buffet and it does get very busy at about 0830am.  However, going an hour early was much better.  You have the choice of hot or cold.  I will most definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Happy Stay,"We stayed at the St Giles end of Nov, we had a good room. Staff were very helpful and pleasant would definetly stay again . It's nearly on Oxford street, we walked to the Queens theatre took about 10 minutes , also Covent garden Trafalger square all in walking distance.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,fantastic location,"A lovely hotel, very welcoming, we asked for a free upgrade because it was my sisters birthday, it was a little bigger than standard, so was much better. There are 3 different restaurants in hotel, Hudsons bar was lovely and there was 25% off food each night we were there.  Also the hotel is ideally located for the tube Tottenham court road, the Dominion Theatre a few doors away, also excellent for shopping on Oxford Street, couldn't be better located.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Been to this hotel twice now.. Great place to stay, staff are really friendly . Rooms are great and clean and excellent location just off Oxford Street- literally a 2 minute walk to all the shops and the tube station. Love this place!!! Will always stay here when in London. ",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central London hotel,We have stayed at the St Giles twice on our trips to London. It is a very convenient hotel and it is one block from the junction of Oxford St and Tottenham   Court road. The tube is a block away as well. The hotel has a variety of room sizes and if you want comfort go for the larger rooms. The pool and workout facilities are wonderful. It's within walking distances of the west end theaters as well.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
3796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Be cautious of an upgrade,"As I checked in I was told I had booked a double room for single occupancy - correct. I was told I had been ""upgraded"" to a triple room at no additional charge. Brilliant, I thought.   I can only conclude they had a storage room that someone decided they could make £100 per night out of. It was like someone had put a double bed in their spare room for a guest when it really was only suitable for a single bed. Yes I had a double and a single that came out of the wall in a kind of separate room. The worlds smallest tv and a shower room that was so small that the door had to be forced past the sink to close. I had to move into the bed area (I cannot bring myself to describe it as a bedroom) to dry after my shower. No curtains even - just blinds.   As I sat in my room later on that…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ticks the box for a budget London stay.,"Good staff, great location. Breakfast is basic but adequate, fresh apples and oranges, boxed cereals, yogurt and nondescript hot food. The bedroom ,608, was very small but there was not too much street noise as it looks into a wall.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gem in the middle,"Looking for somewhere to stay in the centre of London, then you can't do much better than the St Giles Hotel, Just off Tottenham Court road. The staff are really helpful, the rooms are clean and have everything you want. There are restaurants in the Hotel which offer varied cuisine. Really close to the underground and theatres. An Ideal base for visiting London.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very handy location :),"I had a great stay at this hotel, the rooms were clean, spacious, quiet.The bed was better than my one at home :) over all good value for the price :) I found it easy to navigate my way on foot around London and never had a problem finding my way home. I will stay again when I return.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine if you like compact without the bijou,"I stayed here with work several weeks ago in a single room. I use the word 'room' loosely! The room was L shaped and very small but it was actually very cleverly designed given the limited space. The bed was comfortable enough and there was a little writing desk come shelving come wardrobe etc. The flatscreen on the wall had the most channels Id ever seen in a hotel room. The bathroom was something else... A toilet, shower tray with sink in the shower! However the shower was very good and was invigorating enough. Look, this was a quick stopover and a place to crash and it fitted a purpose however I would not have felt at ease staying here more than a night. On the plus the breakfast choice was excellent and I would recommend booking a B&B rate. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Strange,"i have stayed at this hotel maybe 6 times with every time the experience being different. I have been on the top floor with the most amazing modern room over looking London. On other times for the same price and type of booking I have found myself in a shoe box of a room. I have had amazing experiences withe breakfast and awful. In general the best thing about the hotel is that it is central and close to both covent garden, theatre land and Oxford st. I have always found the hotel clean and staff very helpful. The last trip I made the bar found in the hotel had changed hands and was wonderful while also being open late which a rare in central London.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very poor hotel,"Stayed for two nights on business, and found the hotel to be totally unfit for purpose.  The so called executive room smelt of drains, the curtains would not close and the temperature was never less than sweltering, which made sleep virtually impossible.  A breakfast of porridge took 45 minutes to serve. The lifts were inadequate for the number if guests, and there were numerous health and safety infractions compared to even rudimentary standard.  I would do all in my power to avoid this hotel in future.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
3803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St 'SM'iles Hotel,"We have just returned from a 2 night stay at The St Giles Hotel and we could not fault it. From checking in, which was very friendly & welcoming (thank you Hannah) to the waiting staff in Hudson House Restaurant (thank you Vanessa), everything was spot on, it was good to see all the staff throughout smiling & friendly. The room (125), yes, small but cosy - the TV & the Shower worked & the bed comfortable!!!, the food was excellent and reasonably priced for the quality of the hotel. It was very convenient for the Underground (2 mins), the Dominian Theatre (1 min) where we went to see a show and Oxford St (3 mins). We would not hesitate to stay there again when vising London.  Thank you everyone concerned.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Great Price for its Location,We stayed here for 3 nights for our annual shopping trip to London. We booked this hotel for one reason Price for its location. We stayed in a standard tripe room no complaints about the room it was clean  and was ideal for our needs. Breakfast was fine a good selection to choose from. My only  complaint about this Hotel is the lifts are very slow and there is not enough of them for the amount of people staying at the Hotel. Before I booked this Hotel I read some bad reviews on it all  I can say is you get what you pay for the  price and location of this Hotel I think its ok.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"OK Hotel, Great Location","Stayed for one night recently on a business trip. Location excellent. My room was classed as delux which overstated things a bit in terms of the decor. It was a bit dark and slightly dated, but comfortable. I used the hotel restaurant. I had a pasta dish which was just OK. Hotel is immediately adjacent to a YMCA which has a fantastic gym. I didnt use it but had a look and would use the gym if I went back. Price I paid gave good enough value for money.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money,"We stayed for two nights. Our room was clean, warm & comfortable. Equipped with what was needed for a short break.  We were on the third floor, opposite the YMCA which was the source of some noise we heard overnight. We also heard the bottle bins being emptied at about 4am, but London does not rest and the work has to be done. Breakfast was excellent, though its a good idea to get down for breakfast sooner rather than later as the tables soon fill up. All of the staff we encountered were smart, polite & helpful. We packed a lot into a short stay & 90% of the places we went to were within easy walking distance as long as you are of average fitness. We did British Museum, Trafalgar Square, St Paul's, Whitehall,Westminster, Thames River Trip, Buckingham Palace, The Mall, The…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Travelled as a couple wanting a central location to visit the sites of the West end, Westminster etc.  The location is spot on, leave at the casino end of the hotel and just about on Oxford street.  Room is small but tidy, bathroom(shower OK) the bed was comfortable, quite warm but  opened the window when wanting to cool down. Breakfast was busy around 08:30 but managed a table and the buffet breakfast was good although the sausages a little cheap, rest was nice. When checking out and deciding to leave your case for the day ensure you get in early as there is an almighty Que.  Overall for the price paid this hotel delivers on location, comfortable and clean with loads of extra facilities like the pool, gym, VQ bar & grill, casino.  Staff on reception really pleasant.  Thank you",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy - comfortable - affordable!,"We stayed (5 of us) due to the England vs Samoa rugby, hotel is 5 mins from the rail station, which is a 5 minute train ride from the (hell that is) Twickenham rail station. Rooms are more than adequate (more tea and coffee and an extra pillow each would be nice though!), bar is nice, staff are pretty friendly, breakfast is average, but filling! for £50 a night in London, really can't argue. The rooms are inexplicably warm, mind you! will be back next time we are down to the rugby!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but... no free wifi, seriously?","It is all about the location, a few minutes away from Tottenham Court metro station. The room and the bathroom were are tiny, but clean. It serves the purpose if you are just looking for a place to sleep after tourism/business at a sensible price/quality compromise. It is a very busy hotel, with 11+ floors and a Casino at the lobby, yet it is not as noisy as one would've thought. However, how is it possible that a hotel charges for wifi in the rooms or lobby nowadays? I am sure we ""unread"" it at the time of the reservation. So we were suprised by this when checking in. This was seriously dissapointing.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and value for money,"Huge massive building - scaring outside but decent inside. We have got ""executive"" room on the 10th floor that had a nice view and was quite big as well. Pity internet is not free of charge. We visited twice swimming pool downstairs (YMCA) - costs extra 5 pounds but has nice facilities and is worth it. Perfect location: 5 min. to British Museum and Oxford/Regent Streets if you want to shop. I would come back.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in london,"Had a lovely stay at this hotel. Yes the rooms are small but had everything you needed. Hotel is ideally situated for shopping and site seeing. Breakfast was good. Staff were all friendly and helpful, especially the concierge.We would stay here again. Thank you.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Acceptable for such a central location but not brilliant.,The location of the hotel is very good. Very close to Tottenham Court underground station and near the bottom of Oxford Street. Easily within walking distance of Covent Garden and the various theatres (The Dominion Theatre is almost next door).   I was travelling alone so the small room was not much if a problem. I would not have liked to have been using it as a couple though. Not enough space for 2 to be comfortable. It was the basic room price which is stil over £100 a night. Wifi is extra and I found it useless. I paid for an hour an barely got half an hour before it crashed.   The hotel is clean but a bit faded. I didn't eat there but saw a massive queue at breakfast time! The lifts seem to take forever to come!  The room was far too hot. The window did open but the road…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Get Air Conditioning!!,"Fourth visit to this hotel due to location, but we should have known better. On our second visit, our rooms were like ovens and we were moved to another part of the hotel equally as hot! EXACTLY the same on this visit. When we called through to complain of the heat, we were made to feel like absolute liars with the front desk stating ""no one else has complained""! Rude and arrogant! Will never stay with you again..... and I advise that unless it is in the traditional British winter, you don't either!! Air conditioning you don't have, nor any customer service skills!",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap!,"Cheap or good value for money? Definetley the latter but depends what you're looking for. It's round the corner from Tottenham Court Rd Tube Station, lifts are horrendously slow, staff are somewhat mechanical. If you're in London for the odd night or two and need somewhere reasonably inexpensive then it might just do.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Hotel,"We stayed one night on a theatre break, They allowed us to leave our bags as we arrived very early in the morning, and actually checked us in even though the room wasn't ready enabling us to go out sight seeing and then come back and just collect the key. The room had tea and coffee, enough for two cups each but they gave extra milk when requested, A tv with the basic channels, we had double bed that was quite comfortable with fresh linen only down side were the pillows the chunky sponge type. The room was clean and comfortable, the shower and wc's were clean and equipped. Breakfast was very good value and plenty of it, All the staff were friendly and polite. All in all we had a pleasant stay and would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor Hotel,"This hotel gives the impression of a large, high quality hotel but the devil is in the detail and the attention to detail is poor.  We were initially allocated room 111, which was tiny and had a dreadful smell. When I complained I was quickly offered a different room. This time room 853. In all my years staying in hotels, I have never had such a tiny room. This room is not fit for 2 guests. My wife and I could barely fit our luggage into the rom.  We were in a rush for a dinner date and a gig so didn't have time to seek an alternative room so decided to make the best if it.  When we returned that evening we were shocked at the heat in the room. In mid November it was very uncomfortably warm with no aircon. When we opened the window, it was noisy and too cold.  Add in the little…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"No awful for the location, but not great either","We come here quite regularly as the location is convenient. The main problem with this hotel is that the rooms are very variable. On this occasion my room was OK - it was small for a double, but as there was just me, that was OK. It's not cheap and the wifi is extra, which is unacceptable in this age.  The bed was comfortable and the room refurbished to a good standard. As with so many hotels, it was very hot - in November, with the window open, it shouldn't be hot. So much that I threw off the duvet and just used the sheet and a light blanket (which helpfully was provided in the wardrobe).   Breakfast for the ""executive"" rooms is included in the price, but is in a separate room hidden away at ground level down a long corridor snaking away from the entrance. It's a bit of a cold…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value,The St Giles is value for money in this part of London. Most hotels in or near SOHO are boutique and very expensive. The hotel is a little underwhelming but it's good value for a good sleep and a great location.   The hotel is in major need of some cosmetic attention however it's clean and comfortable. Our room was small but the bathroom was huge and it had everything we needed.   The reception and concierge were particularly busy but the staff remained friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"For the price you pay for one of these shoe box rooms you expect more.   We walked in and immediately thought of our small room we had on our cruise. Then they put the biggest chair at the vanity and can barley walk past. Also, the comforter looks like it's from the 90's.  Time to remodel people!  Oh, yeah and you have to pay for the wifi!!!",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab visit,"Have now visited this hotel on four occasions and it never disappoints. It is in a fantastic location for shopping, sightseeing, pubs and restaurants and only a couple of minutes walk away from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station. I can find no fault with it at all, from the cleanliness and comfort of the room and general areas in the hotel to the lovely breakfast, servers I n the bright cheerful VQ restaurant. A special mention however must be made to the Holel staff..each and everyone I Have encountered.....who absolutely go out of there way to make sure that you get the most out of your stay....nothing is ever a bother ..and always with a smile.....excellent again St Giles.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, perfect base for touring around London city...",Small but clean twin room with shower ensuite and kettle for tea/coffee making in room! Right beside Tottenham Court Road tube and Dominion Theatre and flagship Primark Store. Lots of eateries closeby for brekkie. Staff are friendly and helpful. Went to The Edition nearby for late night cocktails. Six tube stops to Westfield S C by Shepherds Bush- great location for great price! ,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Very Good City Hotel,"Needs to be better advertised on Tottenham Court Road!  A really lovely hotel with very attentive and informed staff. The room was a little small but quite adequate and the beds were very comfortable. The restaurants in the hotel are all worth visiting, have a great atmosphere and serve varied, tasty, well priced food.  Two minor downsides:  We were on the 12th floor and we had no hot water on two evenings, soon fixed with a call to the concierge. There are steps up to Reception and no ramp (for luggage) so cases and bags have to be carried.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gives new meaning to the words 'Cattle Class',I agree with other reviewers that for location this hotel is hard to beat. Value is not bad but not exceptional. The attached Y health club is a bonus for those who make use of it. Sadly however that is about the best. The 70s tower blocks are pretty soulless with narrow corridors and a clostraphobic feel. The breakfast was OK and on a huge scale. It reminded me of eating in a noisy and hectic student union cafe! The enormous hotel is served by 4 lifts of which only one seemed to be working when I visited. I gave up waiting on 3 different occasions and took the dark and dingy staircase. Fine for me on floor 2 but not so practical for the poor souls on floor 12! If surroundings are not important and you want central this may be fine but for even a modicum of hotel comforts look…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect,"My mother and I visited the hotel on Saturday 15th November for one night. We were checked in by a lovely receptionist who advised that we had been upgraded to an exexutive suite...what a surprise! We were in room 908 which was lovely. The down side was that this meant that we were in a different breakfast room that wasn't the buffet that we were looking forward to. We were served by a lovely American guy that was really fun. We were disappointed by the breakfast unfortunately. The food was cold and the sausages were undercooked but otherwise it was ok. We will definitely stay again but would definitely turn down the upgrade, even if it was free!!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay!,"We stayed two nights at the hotel, and received a friendly reception on arrival. The room was clean and of a satisfactory size, with air conditioning, tea/coffee making facilities and a wonderful view of London. The beds were very comfortable, and the hotel was very peaceful, you would never had guessed that you were in the middle of London. We ate breakfast in the 24 hour restaurant on both mornings, we also dined in the restaurant one evening. The restaurant was in a very convenient location for guests, and the staff were warm and very welcoming. The hotel was very central, with a supermarket and many meal options near by. With one of the most central tube stations about a minutes walk away, it was very easy to get to around.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent place to stay in the centre (note:sleeping place hotel, not romantic hideaway)","When reviewing hotels, it is important to realise that there is on the one hand the type of hotels that are romantic spots for couples with a luxurious bathroom and on the other hand the efficient city centre hotels. St. Giles, at least for the regular room we got, is in the second group. So if you prepared your hotel choice well, you'll know you'll get in a city centre hotel room aimed at business people and tourists that are likely to use the hotel as a place to simply spend the night.  We booked and checked in online. Easy and efficient. Upon arrival we were greeted by friendly staff. Our hotel room was on the ninth floor and was perfectly clean. The room was actually larger than we had expected. Not as large as in the other London hotel we most often use but given that St.…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room but central,"My wife and I went with friends to see Dirty Rotten Scoundrels at the Savoy Theatre We stayed at the St Giles which for the price was excellent. The room though small was clean and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was also small but clean and recently decorated.  Reception was quick and efficient there were four lifts which were clean and tidy.  We ate dinner in the restaurant next door with an adjoining entrance where we received a 25% discount. The food was excellent, baked salmon perfectly cooked and a bright cheerful waitress. After the theatre a good nights sleep and breakfast in the hotel. We had the full english which was all you could eat.  The hotel is very central & near to the Oxford Street shops",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A real disappointment,"My partner and I have stayed at the St Giles a few times and I thought I'd book an executive suite this time after seeing one my friends booked previously.  We checked in around 2.10pm and then had to wait over 30 minutes before our so called suite was ready. We were only offered one door key and then left to our own devices. We were in room 803 and we were so disappointed at the size of the room!  The bed was so close to the wall on one side that my partner kept banging his leg on the corner of it.  The room was a strange shape and even though there was a 3 piece suite, most of it was facing a wall so there was no view.  There was a huge television on a stupid wooden plinth that was facing the bed so if you were sitting in the seating area you couldn't see the tv!  As I've said…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It was ok!,"Stayed here for 2 nights, check in was a bit of a let down, I arrived late due to trains being delayed, my room was prepayed and had to argue with staff for 15 mins before they realised it was in fact prepayed! Room wasn't anytgung special for price that was paid, however its London and you pay for the location rather than luxury!  I was on my own, nipped down to bar for a glass of wine which I wasn't allowed to take to my room, which I found a bit odd!  Breakfast was hectic an a little disorganised, but I suppose that would be expected with a hotel this size, they're weren'tgoing to let me in as they said I hadn't breakfast included, after another 10 minute arguement I was again proved correct and allowed through! breakfast was buffet style which I can't fault, there was plenty…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just for a sleep,"Ecxellent location, next to the underground station , Oxford street , the British museum and Soho.Small room but quite nice with a renovated bathroom. Carpet needs to be cleaned more often. There is a smell of mould in the room. The room cannot be ventilated properly because the ventilator does not work and the partly open window is not enough. A lot can be done at the lobby with the torn sofas and the dark fast food style breakfast room.It has got potential but needs people with vision to transform it into a more appealing hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, small rooms","Stayed here 2 nights on business, the location was excellent so close to the tube.    Reception staff good, swiftly booked in, nice lpbby area, with refreshment area on mezzanine level.  Room was on 12th floor, lifts only go as far as 11, you then have to go up in separate lift to reach 12 and above,  this lift is tiny, it says it can accomodate 4 people,  but I would say 2 max, if you are a wheelchair user you would struggle to get in.  Room itself is small.  A double bed fits snuggly in with walking room around.   If going as a couple the bed is small.  Single wardrobe with around 6 hangers, safety deposit box and ample drawer space.  Hairdryer and tea and coffee making facilities. Room clean and functional. Bathroom very small, shower cubicle small also.  But it was clean and…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, rest average","Besides central location nothing else impressed me. Tired facilities, very average breakfast (OK, tea was good). Staff proffesional. It's a pity, it could have been so much better. Most probably I will choose another hotel for next stay.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for Location,"Just back from 4 night stay. Booked this place for its location. Couldn't be handier for Oxford Street, Theatres etc. Right next to Dominion Theatre and Tottenham Court tube station. Room basic and small. One chair. Tiny bathroom with shower only. Clean enough but dated. Small window. Definitely not for staying in your room type of place. In house restaurants variable. Food in the upstairs Sage and Chilli decidedly average. food was better in the downstairs adjoining restaurants. Vouchers given on check in for 25% off food but then when you get your bill they have added equivalent in service charge anyway! Non of the internet PCs were working on our arrival on Monday and remained out of action until this morning. WiFi extra unless you dine in one of the restaurants and then…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Stayed here as part of a theatre package booked through Superbreak. The hotel was very clean and the location is ideal. Just of Tottenham Court Road, close to tube station etc. I never tried out the pool or any of the facilities as this was just a base for the show and somewhere to put my head down at night but would definately consider staying here again in the future.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a great location,"We had a pleasant stay at the St. Giles hotel, we had an easy check in and check out, but did not eat there as there was so many places to eat near by. loved the casino and the 24 hour bar next door.  The rooms are quite small, but I believe you can upgrade to a bigger one.  overall we will be staying here from now on when we visit London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Super location,This hotel is a 'jewel'. Glad we found it over 10 years ago. It ticks all the boxes if you are travelling to london for a break. It is beside everything. No need to take the tube. The West End is only a 'stone's throw' from this lovely hotel. There is a great gym and swimming pool attached also. Would highly recommend it.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"This hotel is well located for sightseeing, with a tube station just round the corner.  The hotel itself is a little dated.  We had a double room, which was small.  Bathroom very small .  Given that it was a sightseeing trip, all you really need is a clean bed and clean towels.  If your going for breakfast, you need to be down early.  Plenty of good coffee shops near by, if its room only.  Peak times you have a long wait on the lifts.  You get what you pay for.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in the heart of London,"Situated very near to Tottenham Court Road Tube Station and a spit away from Leicester Square and Covent Garden. This hotel is ideal for that theatre and shopping trip.  The room we stayed in was a twin room,  clean and comfortable although quite small but perfectly formed. If I had a criticism it would be the lighting. Quite dark even during the day and  without a bedside lamp meaning that to  read in bed you have to have 3 ceiling lights on.  Breakfast was included and plentiful with a choice to suit most tastes. The staff were friendly and helpful. Wifi available but isnt free.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for!!,We paid £102 for room only for one night stay. Great location but the room was small and in need of upgrading. Bed comfy and had a good nights sleep. Pleased we had not booked breakfast. Would return if could not find anything else but it would not be my first choice.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Room 112 needs renovation,bathroom door could not be closed and dirt in corners must have been there for a long time, the shower could not be adjusted to hot water. All Internet PC's in the lobby were out of order for the two days we stayed there. Location was the best (and only), positive we can tell about this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
3841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"return visit, dissappointing","We stayed here in January of this year, again the location was excellent for theatre and shopping. Sadly the cost was considerably higher this time so we didn't book breakfast. We presume this was because it was a busy weekend in the city ( Lord Mayors show, Remembrance Service, which we hadn't considered when we booked our theatre tickets) The room was described as a ""luxury room"", but in our opinion it was anything but! The only luxury could have been that we had a sitting room area and 2 tvs, not necessary on a quick stay. The room was clean enough but very worn and tired appearance, water in the shower was lukewarm in the evening, hot in the morning though. We couldn't get the heating to work, only 1 bedside cabinet and light switch, a fridge though, which was useful and tea…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So so hum drum,"I've stayed at the St Giles a number of times due to work. It's a massive impersonal location. Over heated and noisy at all hours of the day. Beds are so so but not good enough to make for a good nights sleep. I would have given the hotel 2 stars but it's always clean, well presented and in a good location",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst room ever?????,The room I was offered was so bad I walked out in disgust. The so called bed was specially made with a childs mattress so that it would fit into such a tiny space. The receptionist was obviously embarrassed by the rooms. I have stayed in hotels in third world countries better than this. My dogs kennel looks bigger and more comfortable than this so called hotel.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
3844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ideal location,"I often stay in the St Giles hotel as it is in a great location for visiting and accessing Central London. Its not a hotel you would stay in to enjoy the room - it is a hotel you would book as a crash pad when you are intending to be out and about maybe at a gig or on a shopping trip. The rooms are very basic but it is clean, comfortable and perfectly located at the junction of oxford street and Tottenham court road which enables you a lot of freedom to go by foot to soho/Bloomsbury/Picadilly/Covent Garden etc. There is a bar open should you wish to have drink and there is also a pool though I have never used it as I am always literally too busy when staying here.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
3845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Reception staff were very pleasant. Breakfast was very good. The location is perfect in terms of underground and shopping. The rooms was nice and clean and low noise. Good hotel that we may well use again.       ,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,A hotel with good location. The service in the bar/restaurant was wery good. The breakfast was very poor. We bought breakfast another places. My room was very small but the room was cheap. You get what you pay for. Because of the location I will come back. But I will not pay for breakfast,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Holiday ,"Stayed here for 2 nights, 3rd &4th November. We stayed in an executive room and have to say that it was excellent. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was very comfortable. We slept well, no noise! Would recommend this hotel for location too.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but poor services,"Definitely the location is the best advantage of this hotel located near Leicester Square with plenty restaurant such as Chinese and famous attractions such as Trafalgar Square or Oxford Street. However, room remains small and be patient to have hot water. Breakfast is basic but offers a good coffee. Book this hotel whether you plan to spend your time outside.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired and Shopworn,"I stayed at the St Giles for three nights in October. They were separate visits so I had the ""benefit"" of experiencing two different rooms. While the hotel is close to the Tube, Oxford Street and many shops and restaurants, those positives are far outweighed by the many negatives. In short, the hotel is tired, shop worn, not very clean, and in need of a major overhaul which I doubt has happened since the hotel was first built. The standard room is very cramped. I hated touching anything or putting my feet on the soiled, rundown carpet or the bathroom tile floor. There is nowhere to put your toiletries in the bathroom, the only soap is in receptacles over the sink and shower and there is no shampoo. I have stayed in hotels all over the world. Other than a hotel I stayed at once…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,This is my second stay here this year. I can't really fault the hotel the location is perfect a minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road undergound and minutes from Oxford Road. I notice other people saying about the size of the rooms but i must say I had no problem with this while the room was no way large it was perfect for me being a solo traveller. The bathroom was fine and the room was cleaned each day. This time i didn't opt for the breakfast as i prefer to walk round London discovering new places to eat but the previous time i did and found it fine.The staff were pleasant whilst checking in and also friendly in the Hotel bar.I would highly recommend to the solo traveller wanting a great base to stay I wouldnt think you would get a better value hotel in the city centre.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed in the St. Giles before and liked it because it was so near Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road Tube Station.  Check in was swift and we were allocated to Floor 11.  The bedroom was compact but adequate for our needs.  The shower was modern and had the various toiletries. Beds were comfortable and the room was quiet and we were not disturbed by noise.    This time we decided to opt for breakfast as well and were very disappointed with what was on offer.  There was very limited fruit - no croissants or scones.  There were small boxes of cereals on offer but the milk was skimmed milk with no alternative.  The buffet consisted of scrambled eggs, toast, tomatoes, beans, hash browns, sausages & rashers.  I asked for a fried egg and they would not oblige.  The rashers…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely place to stay in the heart of the city.,"A really nice hotel, room was small but location was perfect. Linen was clean, bathroom was spotless. Breakfast was buffet so fill your boots. We were happily surprised with a great night away in the heart of London. You can walk pretty much everywhere if you choose not to take the tube. ",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"If you are hoping for a quaint, little boutique hotel, don't go there. The St.Giles is a huge, quite ugly building on a busy road in the centre of London. But that is also the best feature of this hotel. Everything is close by, Oxford Street, the West End and so on. The Underground station Tottenham Court Road is right outside and for those, who like a spot of shopping , it couldn't be any better. (Anyone with a teenager will like the fact it is opposite Primark on Oxford Street..no need to  wait in the shop for your daughter, have a cup of tea in the room!) The rooms are very, very small, as is the bathroom. Everything is clean and the bed is comfortable, the bathroom is functional and modern. It is a place to go to sleep after a day walking round London, not anywhere you would…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location and good value.,"My wife and I have twice before stayed here. The first time in June 2013 and again in May 2014. Our experience is of a hotel that seems frenetic but the staff have always been polite and courteous. On both occasions we have benefitted from an upgrade to the executive dining for breakfast which is favourable to the meat-market feel of the regular breakfast hall. Centrally located with good bars and restaurants nearby, comparable with Travelodge city prices but with far more comfort and service.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"We had two rooms for a couple of nights in early September for a family trip to London.  They were small, a bit hot given the warm weather but served our needs adequately.  Only a short walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and within easy reach of the West End.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Health and safety risk,"Following check in, went to the allocated room on the 2nd floor. On entry, met with a horrible smell in the room and no electricity. Too dark to find the phone, went back to reception and told to return to the room and an engineer would meet is there. 20 mins later an individual arrived and went to another room where tobviously the guest had met with the same problem. The electrician then went to a mains cupboard and as he got the electricity back on, there was a bang and no electricity again. Went back to reception  and informed that there had been a water mains disruption causing a flood. Our room clearly had not been checked to ensure our health and safety. The smell was due to damp and the lights did not work because the mains were wet. How iresponsible  that they continued…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for a weekend break,"An ideally situated hotel for a weekend break. Right in the middle of the theatre district and close to Oxford Street and Soho, it is perfect for that weekend break. We went to the Dominion Theatre which was literally round the corner! Nice rooms, clean and tidy and the restaurant was open 24 hours. We were given a voucher book on arrival which gave us 25% of the restaurant prices which were more than reasonable anyway! We will certainly return!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst London hotel trip,"We often stay in London, this was the worst hotel we've stayed in. The room was really very small. In the bathroom there was no working extractor, no electric socket for shaver, no toilet brush and nowhere to put your soap while in the shower   While in bed we could hear people talking (not shouting, just talking) in next room. Every noise from the hall during the night and early morning woke us. When we went for our breakfast in the restaurant it was just a canteen... once we had found a table, cramped by other people, we pondered what a bad choice we had made. We could go on with further issues but it would just sound like moaning, this was just a bad choice and relatively expensive at £149.00 for a Saturday night, there were other choices at similar price which we will book…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location.  Close to what matters!,"We stayed at St. Giles for 6 consecutive days and had two rooms, a budget room and the best they have.  Overall experience was great and here are the reasons why:  1. Budget friendly.  Even the budget room which had two single beds provided a comfortable sleep.  Floor area was not big, but big enough than other hotels I've stayed at.  Toilet and shower was good as well.  Now, for the best room:  it had a pantry, big toilet/shower, queen size bed and a big floor area where you can leave your suit-cases opened on the floor during your stay and yet leave you with enough room to move around. 2. Breakfast.  The best room came with free-breakfast.  It is served on the restaurant with a hefty serving.  They had three choices: I always ordered English Breakfast. 3. It's close to…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but you need to upgrade to get a decent room.,"We visited London for a long weekend to see a couple of shows and the poppies at the Tower. The location is great being very close to Tottenham Court Road tube station and having taxis going past for hire on a regular basis. My first impression was not great. Checking in I was asked for identification, the person next to me checking in by another receptionist was not, and then a third person being checked in was also not asked for identification, I felt like I wasn't being believed and that I was supposed to be there. We had booked an executive room. This meant that adjacent to a small twin bedroom was a small sitting area with a second to and desk. The shower room was tiny but everything was very clean. Breakfast on the first morning was taken in the large canteen style dining…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st giles,"Great hotel,very close to Oxford Street and British Museum. Public transport and taxis very close.hotel modern rooms comfortable and airy,restaurants very good and reasonable.stayed for two nights and would book them again.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is decent and that is it,"Not for me this place Out on business and glad it was literally just a bed for the night. Double room standard was basic beyond belief. Dated, shabby and in need of a makeover. Will try not to stay again or may have been a poor room Will be recommending work of a change of hotel",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"This is a good hotel with great connections to the capital by overground and underground. The rooms are basic but lovely and clean and the housekeeping are very efficient. Good views and a decent shower. Did not think very highly of the restaurant, breakfast was not very nice and dinner was ok ish. But all in all a good hotel",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location & friendly staff,"I stayed for one night with my son on 28 - 29th Oct. I thought the room was very comfortable, clean & aesthetically pleasing. We were up early for breakfast, so didn't encounter queues. Breakfast was good quality. Concierge/Reception/Cleaning staff were all helpful to us. I would recommend & would stay again",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,coming back soon for the third time,"Location is everything for me in London. Hence, this hotel is perfect for me. Located 50m from Totenham Court Road tube station, 50m from Oxford St., 5 min walk from covent garden, Soho ect'. For shopping lovers, Primark is right across the road. A big supermarket, a nice Boots branch, and many more. Nice pub along the street.  Rooms are very small. Since the price is reasonable, we take the deluxe room. still small, but we have a tiny extra room for luggage. We find the rooms clean and fairly maintaneced. Not luxurious by any means. Try using the booking in advance discount code ""ADVP10"" for 10% discount. Valid on some dates, not valid on others... worth trying. Only paid Wi-Fi in the room. Too expensive (10 pounds a day...). The combination of location and price brings me back…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location","Whenever we stay in London we tend to stay here. It is a busy hotel with a constant stream of activity but you can still have a great stay here. We have learned over the last few years to spend a bit more and get a room with a sitting area which gives you access to the executive breakfast. This is a million times more civilised than the frantic scrum of the normal breakfasts. The hotel is brilliantly located, near Tottenham court road and the west end, in easy reach of the British museum and pretty much every other site! The on Y proble is that all London hotel as are expensive, it is never worth what you pay. I love London but getting a decent room for under £100 just isn't possible. This hotel is recommended. ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Started off not so good, but ended up being quite good","We booked 2 different stays.  First stay (3 nights):  they gave our pre-booked deluxe room away, downgraded us to a standard room with the standard breakfast area for the first night, and moved us the next day to our deluxe room with the upgraded breakfast area.  They said they would knock off £40 off the first night.  When my visa came through, they had not deducted it, so, after contacting them by email, I was able to get my rebate, and they apologized.  Second stay (1 night):  on a higher floor, everything was great except we couldn't get the internet to work. Overall:  elevators are very slow, the concierge staff were terrific, the rooms and bathrooms were very clean, comfy beds, location is excellent, liked that we could open the windows, and we would stay here again, even…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St. Giles Central London Hotel,"I stayed at St. Giles London Hotel for the first time during the  September 2014.  The hotel was recommended to me and my husband as an alternative to the one which we normally stay at whenever we are in central London.  We decided to give it a try and we were disappointed.  The room which we had prepaid in advance was small for a double room and during the duration, it did not appear as if the sheets were changed as we normally made the bed up a particular way and found it the same way when we returned from shopping.  The light in the room was dim and quite atrocious as we could not see properly to read at night .  The remote did not work properly and after we sought assistance from Reception, a technician came to our assistance and gave us his maintenance remote which we had…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,third time stay,stayed again and wasn't disappointed the hotel is very busy with but the reception staff and concierge cope very. the wait for a lift can be a little frustrating at times but was not really a problem for us. we enjoyed our stay and I don't think you will find a hotel of this standard in such a good location at this price very good val0ue,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location friendly staff,i spent two nights with my daughter here and yes as others have said the rooms are small but they have everything you need .comfy bed very clean adequate bedroom the window in the room was quite small so no good if you like a lot of light .the staff were lovely and very helpful .we ate in Hudsons and in the Vand A diner and the food was very reasonable and very good .However the breakfast was very chaotic and to be honest not very nice so much so we didnt bother with it on the second morning . A reasonable hotel for the price,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My Stay at the St. Giles-London,"I stayed at this hotel in September, 2014. I was well satisfied with its location(Bloomsbury/Soho) area, and being only a couple of blocks from Oxford Street. It is also only a couple of blocks from the first YMCA. The folks who work the concierge desk are very good at helping you. The room was satisfactorily clean. If you have heavy bags, there is an awkward lift from the concierge area to the front desk. There were numerous elevators to the floors where the actual rooms are. Our room, which had two twin beds was actually two very small rooms. One was for sleeping and hanging garments, and the other had a desk, chair and small refrigerator. The bathroom was off the second room. The bathroom was such that you could not use the toilet unless you closed the door. The shower was…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"BRILLANT LOCATION, shame about the ice machines","BRILLANT hotel easy check - in  rooms very small but adequate ice machines were not working lifts a bit slow breakfast like a line up at school for meals  a few hairs in the shower cubicle costs was £129 for one night with breakfast so not budget prices although the hotel felt budget.  would use again but only for location  tip  go for breakfast before 8am otherwise prepare for along wait  just to get into the room then you have to join long queues to actually get to the food. nice touch was the already cooked toast, save a lot of time quality of the breakfast was good thou.  pub prices are a bit steep but all London Hotels are the same althogh strange choice of lagers none of the brands i know  they advertise a pool, which is abit misleading  but its run by the YMCA and costs",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for theatres and central London,"This hotel offered reasonably priced accommodation that is close to the theatres as well as the central London attractions and the underground. Best of all, the hotel works with the train companies and it is possible to get some good return train travel and hotel deals. We travelled from North Yorkshire to King's Cross  and stayed for 2 nights (with breakfast) for under £150.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good location,"we stayed at this hotel 5 nights , the hotel is located in a very central location , the rooms are clean but very small. The hotel does not have air-condition so it is not recommended in the summer.  The breakfast buffet is good but  sometimes during ""rush hours it is difficult to find table. they have larger rooms at additional 20-25% which we will try during our next visit to London.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,midweek break,"Great location for buses, underground & west end theatres.  Delux room was compact but very comfortable and clean and served us well.  I would definitely stay at this hotel again but I would not have breakfast in the sage & chilli as I was disappointed with it but breakfast in the VQ restraunt was very good as was dinner in Hudsons bar.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre weekend ,I stayed here for one night on sat 11th Oct in a twin room. The hotel facilities and services were excellent. It is not far to walk into the west end or into Covent Garden. (20 mins). The breakfast was also good. I would stay here again. Highly recommend this hotel and worth paying a little extra.  ,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"This hotel was more than adequate for our short stay in London. The room was a little small but as we were sight seeing we only slept in it. Every where was clean and the staff pleasant. Although it had many features ie: bar, casino, pool ect, we never used any of them as we were to shatterd after being out all day. The hotel is central to most places of intrest. We travelled with another couple and found it cheaper to hire a taxi than buy bus tickets ( that are hard to find, buses are not visitor friendly in our opinion ). We went to the Tower to see the poppies, it was stunning. We will be going back to this hotel next year.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Could not fault,My boyfriend and I stayed here over the weekend - i could not fault this hotel. The hotel was very central (around a 5 minute walk from all the shops) and all the staff i encountered were very plesant and wanted to help us in any way they could. The rooms were quite small - but this is to be expected in London. The rooms and the hotel in general were very cleaned and were cleaned every day of our 3 day stay. I would recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for central London,"Room was on smallish side but was expected for London.My partner likes to sleep with window open but for some people they would find it very noisy at night .With a wetherspoons just down the road all meals were sorted, also a sainsburys opposite. I would say its a ideal hotel for west end / central London but wouldn't like to stay more than a long weekend.For us it was within walking distance of KingsX / St Pancras and Euston stations .",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad,"It's been said before that this hotels selling point is it's location and I'd agree but for one recent development - the Crossrail building project means it's quite noisy.  That said the rooms are functional, the breakfast seemed fine and while I was eating around 9am I saw none of the chaos others refer to.  It is a bit tired but I think that's reflected in the price.  It's not a place you'll remember fondly but equally it won't have upset you.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"Yesw, the room was small, but this is London, and this btype of hotel, in its location makes the most of its space. However, breakfast is an issue when the hotel is full.  When we stayed, there were over 1000 guests, and the gent in the foyer recommended that we go down by 8.00 am to get a table and/or breakfast.  Queing was the norm after this.  We decided to skip this and went locally for breakfast, it was easier.  We would suggest that the hotel staggers breakfast, allowing one floor  at a time, therefor avoiding this problem.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable central and clean,"My mum and I had a night in London recently and after a horrendous experience at another hotel, were able to book a last-minute room at St Giles, where we previously stayed about 2 years ago.   The staff are very friendly and accommodating, the rooms are clean and comfortable. The bathrooms are spacious and clean. It can be a bit noisy at night but the is part of being in London.   The breakfast is generous although the cooked breakfast could be better quality - and no mushrooms on offer this time.   All in all I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Strange place; tiny rooms,This place is a bit of a relic. Old fashioned. Spasmodic lifts. Awful breakfast. Catty breakfast receptionist. Tiny beds and rooms. Cheap for the middle of London... And I did sleep well.  Not sure I would return.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"Great location, that's where it ends!  Positioned just off Oxford Street and a very short walk to Tottenham Court Road Tube Station means London is totally accessible. Small room which was somewhat grubby. I purchased antibacterial wipes to clean work tops, door handles, toilet seat etc.  Seriously drab and tired. Concierge staff amazing, very helpful and informative, probably the best thing about this hotel!  Breakfast has a good choice of food items but it was manic with people rushing around, pushing through and generally being very rude. That's not the Hotel's fault but the lack of manners of the part of the 'guests'!   Quite expensive for a hotel of this category but I think that's the norm in London.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great price, OK hotel","The rooms in St. Giles hotel are small, but that is the case with most reasonable priced hotels in London. The are a variety of restaurants connected to or near by the hotel. Staff is professional and friendly. Lack of air condition may be a problem in warm periods. The locatiopn can hardly be more convenient for shopping in London.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary ,Booked St Giles as perfect for west end shows but what a mistake ! Anniversary weekend - today woken at 7.45am fire alarms sounding !! Went for direction to reception no one appeared to know anything and we spent the next 45 mins moving from inside to outside the hotel looking for someone who did seem to know - no one ! No organisation ! No structure ! No health and safety ! Thank god it appeared to be a false alarm ? But still no one told us ! Fire marshals / concierge only put high Vis jackets on some twenty minutes into the situation and all this time new guests still arriving and entering hotel ! Breakfast sadly lacking anything involving taste ! And staff really didn't seem to give a hoot !! All in all great location ok room rubbish the rest and get a fire drill sorted !!!!,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Hotel fine, fire procedures a shambles","Stayed at the St Giles hotel before. Good location, good value for money. However, breakfast leaves a lot to be desired.  My main concern this stay is the fact that the fire alarms went off at 7.45am.  The staff initially appeared oblivious to the fact that alarms were going off.  We stood around aimlessly for about 25 minutes until some staff started to put on high visibility jackets. Decided to leave the hotel when the reception staff eventually left the desk after about 35 minutes.  At no time did the staff inform anyone as to what was happening bar a comment when returning to out rooms 45 minutes later about if anyone notices the fire detector in rooms missing, to notify reception as some had been removed!! Not well handled at all. ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok if you are a fan of chaos....,"Stayed here on business and will make sure my admin books somewhere else next time! Reception and lobby area always busy with large tour groups, who must use this place as it's cheap and central (relatively cheap, that is). But the chaos here is little compared to what awaits at breakfast. Once you have given your room number to the smiling lady at the entrance to the restaurant, that's where the bun-fight begins. Be prepared for YHA style experience, without the frills. I'm surprised they don't ask you to wash up too, just to complete the ambience. Breakfast when I'm staying at a hotel is usually one of the treats - not here. God knows what our overseas visitors must think..... This general level of experience extends to the rooms and common areas. My room was ok, but the…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,don't expect too much,"Have stayed at this hotel twice before. The location is the biggest advantage being close to Tottenham Court tubestation. Oxford street is close by. Use of the YMCA gym which is next door at a nominal price is another positive, particularly if you happen to be a fitness freak. Breakfast spread was okay. Wifi is free in the coffee shop.   Service is average. Reception tends to get too crowded at times with large tourist groups checkin in. Rooms are small in size.   Overall is okay, for budget stay in central London.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not for me, thanks","Stayed here on a business trip and was very disappointed. A great location, but that's the only thing I can say that's favourable. Firstly it's a huge impersonal hotel. The level of service was basic, backed up by the fact that my room hadn't been properly prepared - there was still rubbish in the waste in, a half drunk bottle of water on the bedside table, and the tea and coffee hadn't been replenished. Add to that a small, hot dark room with no a/c, a noisy street when I opened the window to get some air, chaotic reception with lots of large tourist groups...  And sadly no real interest at reception when I mentioned my room wasn't freshly prepared.  J",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I stayed in this hotel due to a visit to my head office in London. The location is absolutely spot on, close to Oxford street, close to shops and literally next to the tube station.  The room was a little small but clean, modern and comfortable. There was a telly which was a nice bonus and had a decent amount of channels on it. The reception staff were friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Food was ok, reminded me of a bad all-inclusive but really I couldn't fault the actual accommodation. I would stay again.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not too bad...,"We have stayed at this hotel quite a few times over the last few years.  The rooms are small and the hotel could do with some improvements.  However, it is central - Oxford Street only minutes away. The British Museum is just round the corner and the west end theatres and restaurants all within a short walk.  The staff are generally OK and the breakfasts are good.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location!!!","Well that's the best thing about this hotel. That and the YMCA gym and pool being below it, £5 for its use daily, if staying in the hotel. Positioned just of Oxford Street and close to Tottenham Court Tube Station means London is literally you 'Oyster'. Regarding the hotel itself, it is okay. I have stayed three consecutive weeks each in a different room. On the first two occasions I was on the first floor where you can hear a lot of street noise. On the final occasion I was on the eighth floor which really wasn't much better. The rooms themselves although small were fine. Breakfast is a bit of a cattle market though with no apparent system. It does help to be down early, prior to eight is recommend, to avoid the chaos. ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad Vibrations at TeaTime. . .,"It's great that this central hotel has a 24-hour restaurant, the so-called 'vibrant' VQ. But my experience was of something zombie-like and totally unacceptable as a facility in the middle of London. If you can't get a properly made cup of tea, there can only be Bad Vibrations all round.  Two of us went for a cup of tea and a catchup soon after 4pm. There was plenty of room, we were made welcome. I ordered roiboos tea, my companion asked for Earl Grey. We looked forward to that iconic combination of tea and talk.  It took a very long time for the tea to arrive, well over five minutes, perhaps closer to ten, a delay for which there was no apparent reason except for a lot chat between the staff. And then . . . and then the roiboos came in a teapot only half filled with water that…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay.,"We stayed 4 nights last week. Originally booked for late July, and upgraded to deluxe to get air con, but had to rearrange and kept upgrade. Quick check in, room on first floor as requested. Bedroom small, but adequate with flat screen TV on wall, bedding good quality and very comfy bed. Small bathroom but again ok. Lounge area with another TV and sofa bed, small fridge, safe, hair dryer etc. Tried air con, although didn't need it and it sounded very noisy. We overlooked Great Russell Street, which was a little noisy at times, but not a problem, I expect it in the centre of London. Service very good, dined one night in Hudsons, hotel bar and restaurant and wasn't expecting much, but was very pleased with meals and excellent service. The young lady that sounds Spanish but is…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worse for every time we have used it.,"We have used this hotel 6 times, and this is our very last. The room was not clean. From the bathroom it said tip-tap all the time. Everything is plus: wifi, using the pool and aircondition in the room. It has been worse every time we have used the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
3897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but..,"One good thing about this hotel is the location, which is great. Apart for that, average food, internet connection not working properly and size of single room embarassing.Good cleaning and nice service",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A great hotel, with an excellent location","I stayed here last week for 2 nights bed and breakfast for a short break with my mum. The hotel is in an excellent location just off oxford street which is ideal for shopping. This suited us perfectly. The double room was small but fit for purpose as it had 2 mirrors, a tv and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was small as well but very clean and perfect for what we needed. The breakfast was served between 6.30 and 10.30 which was an advantage as it gave the option of lying in. I would highly recommend the hotel for anyone especially those going shopping or within london to convent garden etc. I will stay here again when I go back to London. Excellent and polite, friendly staff!",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Service ,"We stayed here for one night to meet friends who were over in UK from Canada. This was our first visit to this hotel and everything was seamless, no problems what so ever. On first impression the room was a little small however this is now the norm in big city hotels and didn't come as any surprise to me. We were given 2 rooms next to our friends from Canada, who we had come to visit ( just by extreme fluke, we hadn't asked for this).  We    got talking to the general manager, who was a very nice lady and she was asking us if we were enjoying our stay. We got a taxi to see ""Billy Elliot"" in the evening and the concierge agreed a fixed price with the taxi driver for us. The following morning we went down for breakfast, they had tons of options and this was really quite surprising…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good stay, but the odd service issue","Pleasant enough hotel, that was very economical as I had booked it early.  Room was pleasant, but small even by London standards.  No air con, but fan in the room wardrobe.  negative point was service issue. Cleaner knocked on door and entered immediately. She apologised and then headed for bathroom/toilet and again entered, even though I said no.  Partner (in bathroom) rightly not impressed as the doors don't lock from the inside.  Cleaner spoke virtually no English, hence she may not have understood me saying not to come in.  Breakfast expensive in hotel, but cheap in the VQ cafe attached to the hotel, which accepts tastecard for even greater savings.  All that said, room was comfortable and clean.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Nice and quite room on the 6th floor. Small room but big enough for two people.Nice and clean. Short way to everything. One minutes walk from Tottenham court road underground station. Will stay here again because of the location.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Living in a box,"As a weekly traveller to London, on business, and staying in Travel lodges normally, thought I would try out a real London Hotel!! well it was the smallest room ever, no air con, so had window open all night, and it was like being in the Bronx!! shouting, screaming, sirens throughout the night, buses 24 / 7, what was good, nice big breakfast included in room charge",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, small rooms.","This was the 1st hotel we stayed in, in Europe, the room was extremely small for 2 people. Location great, staff friendly. We arrived several hours before check in & since they had a room available we were allowed to check in early. Wifi was available for a fee, which now days seems a little odd since you can get free wifi in most coffee shops or cafés. Nothing about the hotel was handicap accessible. This might be normal for Europe but not if you are used to the states. I have bad lungs & my husband has bad knees so after several days of going up stairs to get to the lift & even more stairs for the breakfast we were both too wore out to do much. Also the hotel is close to a university so there was a lot of kids.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for Theatre and Shopping,"Stayed here in a Delux Twin room with my Daughter for 2 nights in March and again for 2 nights last week.  Both times we asked for a room high up and found them to be lovely and no so noisy.  The staff were great.  The rooms were really clean.  We had a very good air con unit in our room which we worked manually so there were no complaints about it being too hot or too cold.  We loved the fridge that you get with the Delux room (there is a Sainsburys round the corner) so we didn't bother with breakfast at the hotel and simply had yogurt and fruit salad which we had purchased from Sainsburys. On the day of departure, we gave our luggage to the Consierge for keeping and collected it quite late in the evening before travelling home.  This made our mini break to London even better! …",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Exelent location but terrible service,"I stayed there this september for 3 nights. The room was very small, very loud that is with the fans and the cooling system. I payed 15£ for wifi witch i did not get and the staff didnt want to help told me it isint our problem. And i got stuck in the elevator and the staff were rude when they opened up for us. ",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"stayed in a single room for 1 night for a theatre trip. the room was big enough for myself. clean and plenty of tea coffee makin facilities in the room. bed was sooo comfy. i wason a corner room looking onto busy street,ehich didnt bother me cause use to traffic noise. i didnt do breakfast so cant cpmment on the food. ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
3907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good price, bit rough round the edges","Whether it be a 15 second walk to the Tube or a 15 minute walk to Trafalgar Square, location is excellent and for this price should of deserved a 5 star review. It wasn't the slow lifts people that have mentioned which was uncommon depending on the time of day nor the small rooms constantly mentioned, remember the price. The complete lack of free Wi-Fi despite the concierge insisting it was available in the cafe causing the waitress to become increasingly exacerbated combined with a shockingly rude waitress accusing my disabled stone cold sober friend of being drunk lost a star. The other star fell away at being denied access to the breakfast room due to it being full, which on the long queue finally being allowed in by the manager shooing away the waitress was actually found to…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean hotel in a good location with small rooms,"I stayed here overnight with my daughter as we were shopping and going to the theatre.  You would not want to stay in this hotel if you were in London for a week - overnight is just great due to the location.  The reason you wouldn't want to stay for very long is that the rooms are very small and the bathroom miniscule.  Not a complaint, merely an observation.  Everything was very clean and the staff, particularly the concierge were friendly and helpful. We made a good choice by getting down to breakfast by 9 a.m. on a Saturday morning, because as we left the dining room the queues were very long and the hotel residents had to wait until others left before they could go in to the buffet-style breakfast.  If you don't mind a cafeteria-type breakfast then that's fine - there was a…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Horrible, hot, run down and very rude staff - AVOID!!!","Having previously stayed here a few times and been happy with it overall, I am now disappointed to say this has gone way downhill over the last few years.  The rooms are tiny and dirty. It was so hot in the room, no air con and this is in October. God only knows what it would be like in the summer. When I called reception to advise the room is unbearably hot hey almost accused me of making this up stating no one else had complained and he is unsure why I feel it's so hot.... Believe me it was! They didn't seem interested in anyway and we're very rude.  Noisy, unclean, rude and overpriced.... A real shame for a previous good hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small Rooms - Fab Location,"Stayed with my work colleagues, we had 6 rooms all of them very small but they were clean, the shower was great & the bed comfortable. From arrival to check out, the staff were friendly & helpful. The hotel's location is great with Oxford Street a minute's walk away, the nearest tube station, Tottenham Court Road, is even closer!! We didn't have breakfast at the hotel - but there were deals available for meals and the tea & coffee was reasonably priced! No free internet access was a shame, but it was available for a fee. I would stay again - perhaps a Christmas Shopping trip is on the cards!!",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hidden gem,On arriving at this hotel the hotel door men greeted us from the cab and removed all our luggage and proceeded to take the cases into the hotel. On entering the main lobby the hotel is very modern and pleasant. The bar within the hotel is very cool and relaxed enjoying a drink in the sun whilst the hustle and bustle of the city went on by. The rooms are big enough for what we needed them for bed was comfy room was clean gorgeous bathroom good view. The location was excellent 2 minute walk from the best street for shopping Oxford street.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,central internet tip,"I was staying at this hotel on my own the room was small but done the job. it used to be a ymca so that is why the rooms are small. I looked on to great Russell street so was quiet at night. great location took about 20 / 25 mins to Covent gardens , your right next to oxford street and  the British museum  so only takes a few minutes to the shops on there.  the room could get warm fan in the wardrobe as the window didn't open very wide.  In the middle of the both parts of the glass on the window (double glazing) was the blind which would only turn to either close or open but wouldn't go up. but that was ok  The safe in the room was useful (free of charge) no key is required just a code which you decide on up to 7 digits and you can change it as much as you want.  didn't do…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very well located,"We have used this hotel a number of times.  It is very well located for shows (Dominion Theatre is literally round the corner).  Ten minute walk to Covent Garden. The rooms are small but if you are just looking for somewhere to sleep it's fine.  There is a Sainsburys local across the road for essentials. Breakfast is ok, but you need to be there at 0700 to beat the queues.  We have just stayed in room 101.  Whilst the room is ok in itself, the noise from outside was awful as it faced Tottenham Court Road.  With the window open, watching TV was close to impossible.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"We stayed here as we were going to the Dominion to see Evita in the evening. Only booked one night. The hotel is very big. Check in was okay and room was ready for us at 1.30 when we were there. We had booked a deluxe room which we were glad we did. The room was very small. The bedroom had a tv on the wall and pne bedside table. Only about a foot space all around the bed. We then had a small lounge area with tv, fridge, wardrobe, dressing table, coffe table and two seater sofa. Tea/coffee making also was here. The shower room was very small as well but looked recently refurbished. This was okay for one night and was in a great location for theatre as that was only three minutes walk away. We were on seventh floor and found was very quiet and had a good nights sleep. Breakfast…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal except for Breakfast,"I had a corner twin room for single use which was perfect, very clean, small bathroom but adequate for me. I thought the hotel was ideal for 1 night until I went for breakfast the next morning. It is like a hospital canteen in the 80's - terrible food with dirty tables. Book room only and eat elsewhere as not worth the price of £9.99 per person for breakfast.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is what it is!!!,"Stayed here for 4 nights mid Sept.  I was disappointed with the ""Deluxe"" room I had booked.  My expectations were more.  Was actually divided into 3 separate small areas.  One with a double Bed, one with a sitting area and the bathroom (very small but nicely refurbished).  Room was warm with no air conditioning and lots of street noise at night.  I didn't find the staff to be overly friendly either.   Our rate included breakfast at the Vault..  we have no complaints there,  the staff were great.  We would also visit in the evening for night caps and free wifi.   It's location is however great.. we visited quite a lot of attractions, and did 2 shows and walked everywhere.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Over priced and rundown,I was there for two nights and was deeply disappointed. The whole hotel is charmless and run down. The rooms are tiny and have no air conditioning which is a big problem if you can't open the windows because of noise outside. Hardly to find something positive regarding the hotel beside that it is located next to a Underground station. Breakfast was disgusting and cheap.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No wifi - even if you pay for it!!,No room service so ok they've got 3 restaurants. I should've checked that out first. But I booked a room with wifi. Clearly stated it was available. It isn't. I can't work tonight. Pretty much a disaster. Told reception. Not interested. Don't say you can offer something when you clearly can't provide the service. Will not be staying here again and I advise any business hotel users not to stay here either. ,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel in a GREAT location,"Stayed here for 1 night while in town for the iTunes music festival. I can't say enough about the location - I was coming from King's Cross and my boyfriend from Marble Arch. Easy transport links to everywhere we needed to go. The outside looks a bit like a prison but they have done what they can with some trendy branding and signage. There was a long line every time I went by reception, but the staff were friendly enough. We were pretty much in and out - the small (and I mean SMALL) room was sufficient enough for that. If we had more than 2 backpacks, I think it would have been a struggle. Bathroom was actually quite nice, with marble floors and newer shower.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well placed hotel,"I have stayed at this hotel many times.  The rooms are small but very clean with basic amenities, tea, coffee, tv and hairdryer.  Wardrobe space and bathroom...small, but adequate.  The staff are always friendly and helpful.  Full English breakfast is good.  There have been improvements since I stayed there in March, one of them being the re-siting of the breakfast area to a downstairs bright and cheery restaurant with waiter service. The hotel is well situated for all shows in the West end, Covent Garden, shopping in Oxford Street and a tube station to anywhere you want to go.  There is plenty of choice of bars, pubs and restaurants near the hotel.  I travel with my husband and friends or with a group of ladies enjoying a girlie weekend.  My only moan this last weekend was,…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very poor! ,"I booked this hotel for my husbands 30th birthday, we had previously stayed in the hotel 6 years ago so thought it would be nice to return.  It wasn't!   I'll start with the positives the location is brilliant.  That's it.  Negatives,  the place is in desperate need for doing up, the reception staff were busy but not welcoming at all. Nothing has changed since the last time we stayed, the room was tiny (the previous room was not that small) not very clean and very dated. The bathroom again very very small can touch either side of it when you hold your hands out, the shower got blocked and again not very clean. Bed was uncomfortable and the place is noisy. The most anoying thing was I paid roughly £225 for two night a Friday and Saturday,  our friends who came to London for one…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,C- could do better,"Could do with a really good clean, some mattress protectors and the handy man fixing the blinds.  Sheets were like cardboard.After finding hairs in the bathroom and an odd stain by my light switch - I tried to sleep, but only managed 5 hours.  No mattress protector under the sheet.  Staff where nice enough though.  Breakfast was reasonable.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shows,"This hotel is brill for  shows,not far from Shaf Bury Ave everything on the doorstep OxfordStreet just round the corner, hotel itself the staff very professional we loved it we've been twice and willbe going again",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mostly good!,"Great location, friendly concierge and great breakfast buffet. Downsides are small rooms, tiny shower and even when willing to pay for the wifi, the signal was terrible unless you're on the reception level. Would recommend for a busy person/s on the go.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location - Top Notch, Love the history of this hotel. Great Busy place.","What can I say well this is how I found our stay at the St Giles We wanted to spend a few days in London to enjoy the last of our summer, and we normally stay in a Covent garden hotel, but they were fully booked. So this was recommended.  We read the reviews and looked at the photos and had mixed feelings about the hotel.  But we kept our booking and made our way there.  Location –   The location of this hotel could not be any better, its 2 minutes to Tottenham Crt road tube station and 3 minutes to Oxford street shopping !  Entrance –  The entrance to the hotel was in Bedford avenue and the hotel took up a whole block, the welcome is great, its clean and your welcomed by the concierge and steps to the reception check in or turn left into the bar area.  Concierge desk –  Wow…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location",The St Giles is in a great location - almost on the corner of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street.  This is perfect for anywhere you wish to go.   I booked a Junior Executive room which comes with breakfast at the adjoining restaurant.  I ate there the two days I spent at the hotel and was very pleased with the menu. One question for the hotel: Why can customers not get a clean face flannel/washcloth each day when the towels are replaced?  I put mine on the floor with the dirty towels and it was placed neatly on the side of the wash basin. The staff was very accommodating and helpful.  I will be staying there again.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location - adequate rooms,We just returned from a one week stay at the St. Giles Hotel in Central London.  The hotel location is great as it is just minutes away from the Tottenham Court Underground Station and within 10 minutes of many of the major theaters and dozens of restaurants.  The rooms are small but are clean and comfortable.  One thing that irked us was the cost of Internet - 1 pound for 20 minutes and 45 pounds for a week.  Astounding when Internet access is free in most hotels in Canada and the U.S.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Really good hotel, 2 minute walk from the tube station. Staff were very helpful. They allowed us to store our shopping there until later in the day even though we checked out at 11 am.  Breakfast was lovely, lots of choice. ",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic value for money, great stay","I stayed in this hotel for one night as the usual hotel I stay in was unavailable and this was in the same area. I paid less and got a lot more. Staff are friendly and very helpful. I staying in an executive room with breakfast for less than my normal hotel room only. Room was spacious (in London terms), furniture wasn't the latest trend but was clean and functional, room in general was the same. I felt the bathroom was very modern with a fantastic walk in shower. Touches like the bathrobe, free chilled bottled water and a great tea/coffee tray. Breakfast was in the 24 hour cafe which again was very nice, its undergoing some work so would like to see it when its finished. The bar was popular and a good atmosphere. Pre-paying meant I did not have to wait and check-in at the busy…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shabby tired......you get what you paid for...ps. No free wifi!,"My own fault.....you get what you pay for.....a decent price for a central london hotel 2 minutes walk from tcr tube station.....i should have known better.  Plus points:  Excellent location  Friendly staff  Negative points: Tiny room Tiny shower room Tired tired shabby bed linen, towels, carpets, etc etc No free wifi Bright blue neon light shining through my room window all night....  I didnt want to sleep under the covers they were so shabby and scruffy  Not a pleasant experience for me...id rather pay more and enjoy my hotel experience....",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, good for the budget conscience","To make this easy I'm going to start with the pros. Good central location, easy to find, very clean room and bathroom, staff pleasant and the concierges was worth their weight in gold. Bed in room was very comfy. Hair dryer and fan provided.   Cons: double room was tiny, two adults could barely move around in the room. We were not aware that there would be a charge for using the swimming pool as we booked through Superbreak (we might have missed the information however there was nothing on our confirmation). Although the food was good at breakfast the organisation was terrible and there was not enough seating so we ended up having to share our table.   In summary: good budget option for London but if you wanting to make it special upgrade to something with a little more sparkle.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location location,Just back from a weekend break in London staying at the St Gilles hotel I must say having read the reviews beforehand most of them were spot on this hotel is a must for location. The rooms are small but adequate and clean and the staff were friendly and helpful I would go and stay in the St Gilles on my return to London ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London,"Beware the initial appearance of the hotel both on the internet and first hand looks great. Firstly we needed to carry our suit case up several stairs - no help available busy with tour groups. The room small and very tired, impossible to have a hot shower, water cold. 10.00 English pounds per day for WiFi.  Breakfast was not a pleasant experience due to the amount of tours in hotel. Restaurant closed Saturday & Sunday evenings. Only good point is position, close to underground, and major attractions.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Trying to be something it ain't!,"What a complete let down. My partner and I stayed here as my partner had a weekend conference at a venue just around the corner. The company made the booking on our behalf, when we went on the website we got really excited, it looked really quite upmarket, it was anything but. Our first room had no working lights and no drawers for clothes and was very small. We were given a second room which was just as small and smelt of mould. The breakfast area wasn't big enough for everyone to get a table and when you did you ended up sharing it with the previous occupants' dirty crockery, yet they had enough staff to stand in the lift and push the button fur you. I think this hotel needs to reconsider its priorities. ",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
3935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Frustrating night,"I have very pleasant memories of my stay in st giles in year 2003 and I wanted to try it again, but it was a disappointment. The reception girl was friendly and helpful, the lifts were easy to find. We were given a room on the 19th floor, the room was spacious with a good view, but the room was hot (4th September 2014). All windows were open and three fans were working hard,  we trusted the fans (THREE) would have helped when the sun set.It was shocking to find the room was hot like a sauna by later night when we return, the reception desk informed me the central heating would be fixed the next day and offered more fans!!!  but I only stay one night and asked for a different room. The reception helped but the changed room was small and standard was lower than I expected from st…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and cheerful for central London. Would happily stay here again,Stayed here for a ball at park lane hotel. Concierge gave brilliant advice for taxi.  Ice machine very useful on a hot humid day in London.  Rooms small. Had a twin delux so had a little extra space. Bathroom tiny and dark but fitted purpose. Had air con and hair dryer. My only disappointment was the very loud housekeeper opposite my room 416 who kept letting the door slam as she put in copious amounts of towels in the room I assume for storage as room was empty. She must have don't this at least 12 times although do not disturb was in my door. This was the worst part of my stay. About 30 seconds walk to Tottenham Court station underground. Opposite boots and sainsburys and round corner from dominion theatre. Underground hotel car park a bit tight but handy for stay as…,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Look, you don't get a cheap room in central London and expect a palace, but the St. Giles is ideal as a clean, comfortable, central place to sleep. If the hotel is your destination, you've the wrong place. It's not sumptuous or amazing, but it is practical, clean, and a great location.  Walking distance: 10 mins to Leicester Square on foot, 5 to the British Museum,  15 to Trafalgar Square,  2 to Oxford Street, tube station on the corner,  plenty of diners, supermarkets, pubs, atms in the immediate area.  The rooms are small but that's central London. Choose a 'deluxe' room for a very slightly higher price and the room area is significantly improved. The beds are comfy, the room comes with 2 tvs (one in the small seating area) and a fridge. Rooms immaculately cleaned and…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - near covent Garden,"Stayed two nights in two different rooms (one single room and one tweed). Rooms are nice and clean and the hotel staff is very friendly. It has a great location, near covent Garden. As it is situated in London there are a lot of noise from the streets and nearby construction work.  Breakfast is very very poor. Not a lot to choose from at the bread taste a bit old. It was a business trip but I would stay there again but then choose not to have breakfast included.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location great value for money ,Booked this hotel via booking.com got two nights for £105 per person couldn't believe it the rooms are small but perfect for a couple there clean and well presented it's an ideal location for the tube oxford st and the British museum would stay here again and recommend you get what you pay for :-)  ,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location small rooms!,"The hotel is located a 1 minute walk from Oxford St. corner of Tottenham Court Rd - FANTASTIC location close to all shopping, many attractions and transport. Check in was quick considering the size of the hotel (over 600 rooms). The room was clean but VERY small. It did not matter to us as the location was far more important and the room served as a sleeping place only. Breakfast was actually better than I expected for such a busy hotel. At night there was some noise coming in from the street but it did not bother us much.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Sorry once was enough,Excellent location.  2 mins from Tottenham Court Station. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Delicious breakfast in the morning.  Rooms are very small stuffy and noisy but what do you expect in the heart of London? They were however very clean. Fortunately we only stayed 1 night. Would not return because of the room.,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice and old fashion,"Very good location on Tottenham Court Road, near musicals,restaurants, pubs, shopping, subway station, buses, Oxford Street etc. The room we stayed in was a bit old fashion with lots of wood, and stripes. Adequate beds, but only one large duvet on the double bed, not to single ones. You can choose a room with or without breakfast,and the hotel has a large and nice fitness room and a pool as well. Can be a bit noisy if you have a room facing Tottenham Court Road. The staff are very polite and helpful, and there's always a doorman there to help you find a taxi. Absolutely worth the money, we ordered on the web, and got a very good price. Who stays in the room when you are in London anyway??",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Miserable hotel with good location,"The hotel is centrally located next to Oxford Street, Soho and Covent Garden. And this the good thing about it. Stayed there in a deluxe double. Very shabby and tiny place. I had the feeling it's dirty as it looked so outdated, the sofa was torn.  The aircondition is in the tiny sofa room and not in the bedroom. We didn't need it because of the weather but if it's hot, you might feel uncomfortable.  The WiFi is paid. You may wait for 5 or more minutes the lift to go in/out your room.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good value for money,"centrally located, rooms are small but well furnished and clean. Its right beside Tottenham Court Road tube station so you can explore the rest of London with ease. 3 Bars located in the hotel the Sage and Chilli, The Hudson house and the VQ 24h Diner, all 3 serve food and drink so there's something for everyone at all times of the day",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Made our special night out in London even better!,"This hotel is centrally located in the heart of London, and at a great price. My husband and I stayed at the hotel with his father and mother after a musical, making our night out extra special as we did not have to catch the train home after. The rooms were clean, comfortable and the staff were friendly and professional. The breakfast was a big thumbs up – we were all pleasantly surprised and my father-in-law actually said it was the best breakfast he’d ever had in a hotel! I would definitely recommend staying here for a short stay in London.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible pokey hotel,"Stayed here in the JULY heat wave, on the 8th floor the tiny corner window opened barely 2 inches, the Aircon just rattled and spat out warn air, had to have a noisey desk fan 12in from my head on full power, didn't get a wink of sleep and lost half my body weight in sweat.  Also Very disconcerting having to wait 15 minutes for a lift to arrive when you are on the 8th floor. £200 isn't really expensive Sunday night for Central London but would of preferred to sleep in the car.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
3947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Thats not a room,The rooms are SO small and really claustrophobic. The window couldent open and it's a serious firetrap with the hallways being so narrow. Breakfast is fine as long as you arrive before 7.30. No wifi in the rooms. Never Again!,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Spot,"Just back from Ireland/England loved both places but London was excellent the hotel and staff were great and the staff very helpful, the only negative point was the transportation we used APL (Airport Pickup London} would not recommend it to anyone travelling to London I will never use it again.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Unsatisfactory accommodation,"The room was very cramped, advertised with aircon...only in deluxe rooms though, wifi...cost £10pn, bathroom was show box size. Matress was beyond sleep..lumpy, creaky and one side fell away. Weather was warm and with no aircon window only opened partway, but too noisy to sleep. Would not return and would not recommend this venue. Will inform my travel agent of my disappointment.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great time at St Giles hotel,"On arrival we were very apprehensive due to so many bad reviews.  But from arrival to leaving we were delighted with the location ,staff and service of the hotel.  On arrival we were greeted by a friendly and bubbly girl called Maria who sorted us into a DELUX room slightly larger than standard but  worth the little  extra. Bedding changed and room cleaned daily ,excellent gym under hotel with large swimming pool which I used every day price £5.00 per day. Tottenham court road at corner Oxford street a short walk away.fantastic location the concierge helped us with directions each day plus saved us quite a bit of time and money by organising us a taxi to Heathrow instead of the train plus taxi. If I'm going to London in the future I will definitely staying at St Giles. From MR…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Exellent location and a good sevice,"The location was very good, just two minutes to Tottenham crt station.  Receptionist were very friendly and helpful. On the negative side, there was no mini bar in the room and elevators were very slow.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Less of a hotel, more of a tourist processing centre","Boris Johnson and the London tourist board won't thank me for saying this but hotels in London are generally over-priced rubbish. The St Giles is no exception. An ugly concrete monstrosity just off Tottenham Court Road, the St Giles has only one thing going for it - the location near to the West End.  When I arrived the reception was like queueing a supermarket deli counter, swarming with tourists none the wiser about how they are being ripped off. Even though I had breakfast included in the tariff my one night stay, the receptionist managed not to inform the serving staff, so when I got there the next morning they had no record of me. Frankly I wish I hadn't bothered. Breakfast was a canteen, with the lowlight soggy mass produced toast and a vat of stale croissants.  My room…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location Not bad Hotel,"Had a lengthy wait to check-in and struggled to understand the receptionist. I just nodded now and again until the process was over. The room was ok but smaller than on a previous stay however the bathroom was  pleasantly large and everything worked!. You can use the pool which adjoins this hotel which is of a good size and a real plus for central london.    Breakfast was ok but the place was in total chaos. Maybe that was a one off? Food was ok regardless.  Good one night stay, good sleep quality and would return.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dont go there,This hotel i stayed at travelling with a big group of people from work.   My rom was smell and i had to leve the window open all day.  The lights in the bathroom made an really annoying sound. I told the front desk about this. Nothing was done.  The bathroom is so small!   The toilets behind the bar were filthy...  My friends hot there passports stolen in the bar.  The breakfest room was confusing and not user friendly   Not going to stay here again!,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small and uncomfortable,Stayed here for an overnight business trip. Location is good if you want to be central but for business purposes when you need a good night sleep not idea.  First impressions......... My airing cupboard is bigger than the single room I had. No curtain on my window ( which really was the size of a door) just a blind which didn't shut properly. Only one pillow provided and the mattress was like sleeping on trampoline. I could hear the television the occupies of a room three doors away had on and the window was no soundproofing against the noise of whatever was going on in the street below at 2am.  The lifts were also extremely slow and at one point it took 20 mins to go down six floors. I didn't have breakfast even though it was paid for as there was about a 20 minute wait to get…,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Seen better days,So to start the pillows on the bed were so small I can only assume there was a job lot of scatter cushions.  The whole hotel has seen better days.  If I had paid more than £91 this would have a lower rating so at that price it was comparable to travelodge in london and is on a par.,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Classic hotel in London,"Hotel room very small.  We were on 7 th floor.  No A/C...only a fan.  No refrigerator I the room.  However, very close to Tottenahm Road subway station.  Located near British Museum.  You have to take transportation to go to tourist areas, or it is a long walk.  Breakfast was a very good full hot breakfast with bacon, eggs, fruit, cereals, hash browns, sausage, coffee, team cappuccino, juices, etc.  We ate in hotel restaurants as they gave you coupons for 25% off the bill.   Free wifi only in Hudson House bar in hotel, you have to pay for it in the room.  All in all, a good stay at a reasonable price for a London hotel..."".under $200 a night  including all taxes. Had an ironing room for your convenience.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Practical & comfortable,"I've stayed here twice and both times had a good experience. I was on the first floor both times. First time in rear corner overlooking Great Russell St, which was nice. Second time looking straight down Tottenham Crt Rod to the river - great view. Both times it was Summer so windows open and it was pretty noisy. But it was quite fun to hear the very centre of London being itself.  The rooms (doubles) were not huge, but were perfectly fine & practical. Bathrooms were nice. Wifi reliable. You can't beat the location for ease & convenience to West End.  The staff were friendly and efficient. My second trip was unplanned, I had booked another hotel nearby which was very cheap, but alarmingly insalubrious. Despite being August & full the desk staff eventually found me a room…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Price!","You won't go far wrong staying at this hotel,  great location just off Tottenham Court Rd nearthe Dominion Theatre. Book early for a good rate, we paid just £90 for a double room,  this went up to arround £140, so don't mess around! The hotel has leisure facilities, which are chargeable for a small fee.  We did not use them but the swimming pool looked good, wished I had taken a costume. The biggest benefit to this hotel had got to be location.  It is close to Soho, only around 10 minute. We rang down to ask for an iron and ironing board and were advised that there were ironing rooms on two floors. If you need to iron anything, I would suggest you iron on arrival, to avoid any potential queuing at busy times! The hotel bar is good to enjoy a drink before retiring to bed.  Will…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average,"The hotel is in a fantastic location, right next to Tottenham Court road tube station at the end of Oxford street. We opted for a high floor (9) in the hope that it would be quieter, we were wrong. The room was small but nice. As soon as we reached the 9th floor the heat hit us - it's unbearably hot and I pressume this must be a regular complaint as there was a small fan going in the corner of the room. Even with the fan the heat was rediculous. The window didn't keep the noise out and the works  accross the street started at about 6 am. The hotel was ok for 2 nights in London if you're out and about and not wanting too much sleep. We didn't use any of the hotels facilities (pool, casino, restaurant) so can only comment on room comfort and location. Fab location, poor comfort…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel ever honestly stay elsewhere,Stayed for 2 nights on business. I know London rooms are small but the single room was tiny. Asked for a bigger room was told no. Bathroom was so small u can't get dried in it after a shower. Breakfast is school dinners at best. Terrible breakfast room total free for all. Only paper cups for hot drinks no white sugar either!! Would honestly never stay here again only plus side is location but much better hotels as this hotel charged £110 a night for this. Also no air con no iron in room only one towel in bathroom no toiletries does not make for an enjoyable stay. Give this hotel a miss. Choose travelodge as it's better and that's saying something. Finally the queue to get to breakfast room is ridiculous and once your through the door it just gets worse. ,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No frills but excellent location,Overall was a good hotel in a very central location just off Oxford Street.  The rooms were considerably small but had all the amenities you expect and were very clean.  The only sore point are the queues for breakfast.  The breakfast area is not catered to support the amount of guests at the hotel.  The Hudson Bar is a fantastic place with excellent cocktails and friendly bar staff,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Delux not so Delux,"Short London wkend break 06/09/14  Stayed at the St Giles , emailed in advance for early book in for 11am ish. Arrived room was not ready until later in the day.We could leave our case. On return the Delux twin room was very small , The bathroom had pubic hair in the shower and floor , the door backed onto the toilet so you had to close the door every time you used the bathroom otherwise it banged your legs. But the beds were comfortable and the room was quiet. Breakfast was included in the package was ok could of been more choice but was cooked to order.Hotel was situated in a prime location for shopping. Yes we would return but the hotel does need improving.Hopefully it will.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Clean hotel, but twin rooms very small, and the lack of plug sockets was annoying. To try and charge 2 phones, whilst using a hairdryer, and needing the fan on because the room was very warm, and their being only 3 single plug sockets. Staff were very friendly, and the concierges were great! ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My favorite Hotel in London,"If you want a hotel in the city of London and don´t want to pay too much. This is the hotell for you. Very Close to Oxford street , Covent Garden and all the Theatres/Musicals around Leicester Square. The rooms are moore fresch then you normally expect in London.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay !!,"This is a very nice hotel with friendly staff and nice rooms, it has a good location for almost everything you want to visit in London. Me and my son stayed there for a weekend and  I would go there again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We arrived here at 9.30 pm. Tired after a long day. It was a treat for my birthday which the hotel knew all about. We'd asked for an executive room. We were told that the room we were in had some of the best sights in London. It was on the roof top (floor 13) Two lift rides later we were at the door. Nothing executive about this room!!!!! It was spotlessly clean for the whole of our stay. No wardrobes or drawers just an open plan shelf unit to hang up your clothes. There was a safe and a small fridge with tea and coffee making facilities Lovely views of London lit up at night, however in the morning the view was very different. we opened the curtains onto every building site in London. Not very pleasant at all.Breakfast was down a long grey corridor which had access to the…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!!,"Stayed here for a 2 night break, excellent central location with tube station a 2 minute walk from hotel and also within walking distance of most major tourist attractions.  Room was on the small side but clean and comfortable, will definitely stay here again when next back in London.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only if you are on a Budget,"Highlights- central location, really close to the tube, customer service was pretty good. The hotel is just fine if you are looking for a place to rest your head at night. This might make me sound pretentious but when you are spending your day admiring beautiful architecture and fancy cars and fabulous people then come back to this hotel it is rather disappointing. The lifts took forever even at off peak times. The room was simple but quite which was nice. All in all next time I visit London I probably would spend the extra money and stay somewhere a little nicer.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a couple weeks for our 1st annerversary.   Staff. Were pleasent and helpful.  Area. In an ideal place in london pleanty of shops near and a tube station (tottenham court road) 1 minute away, so easy access to the rest of london.  Room. (260)Was on the small side but was expecting this due to location. It wasnt very well sound proofed we could here sirens and cars outside and people in the corridor and also we could hear the room next to us when they were using the toilet. Was pleasent enough we were only sleeping there any way. Was clean and tidy.  Bathroom again was abit cramped. But shower was very nice.   In summary. From my point of view it wasnt much better than a travelodge/premier inn. But we didn't use the facilities…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okay,"The location of the hotel was really good as it is located very closed to most of the places to visit, the man at the reception was very nice and helpful during check-in, but people in the concierge area weren't very kind. The room was small but enough for what we wanted, but the bathroom was excessively tiny so only one person can enter in it at the time. The housekeeper didn't re-fill the sugar and the coffee so we couldn't take a cup of coffee after the first day. The hotel doesn't have wifi which I think it's a big problem during these days.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Over night Stay in London,"Just returned from a 1 night stay at the St Giles visited with my daughter , her best friend and her mum , this was my daughters first experience of London , and she can't wait to return (she's 12).  Arrived in London at 10am on Saturday 10 minutes if that from London's King Cross and we had arrived at St Giles, upon arrival one of our rooms was ready so after a quick and friendly check in we headed straight onto the tube into Knightsbridge. The Hotel is ideally situated, staff friendly and helpful, we was on the 3rd Floor in the Deluxe rooms , which was clean and tidy and well presented , Ok so the bedroom size is not huge, but when you are in London you don't want to be in your room all day just too much to see and do After Shopping in the day, quick change and  then we was…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location at a Budget Price,Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at in September 2014.  Location is extremely central as right at the corner of Oxford Street. We walked into the heart of London which is about a 15 minute walk and visited Covenant Garden and Baker Street which again was walkable.   The rooms are small but suitable to just get your head down.  Bathroom clean and tidy   Lifts are slow in a morning so when you have suitcases it is not ideal but again managable   I would use again,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for city break,Have just returned from weekend here. 10 of us stayed for friends birthday. Hotel location is good. Rooms were spotless with hair dryers and tea making facilities. Staff were very courteous and helpful. Checked in and out no problem even though very busy. Hudson bar adjoin ant to hotel was good with nice atmosphere. Food there very tasty but a bit expensive for what it was. But then this is London  Overall great stay ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect London Experience,"Stayed for 4 nights in July 2014. Perfect Location. With transport just around the corner. Bar downstairs, friendly staff and nice clean rooms. Wifi was rather expensive and rooms were very small and not a lot of light. If your just looking for a room to stay in whilst exploring the city then this place is perfect.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not my cup of tea!,"The only good thing to say about the St Giles is that the staff are helpful and polite.  The positives end there.  The 'restaurant' is more like a school canteen, the lifts hardly ever work, the rooms (only looked at the ones on the 3rd floor) were about as big as matchboxes.  Very tired fixtures and fittings, no shaver point (if needed), you have to buy a adapter at Reception £4.  Breakfast time is more like a 'free for all' and you're left trying to find a table.  This possibly differs depending upon the time of year, but this is a big hotel with hundreds of guests and the facilities just don't cater for such large numbers.  I will be avoiding this hotel for any further visits to the City.  Take your own shower gel, how difficult is it to get that right, but unfortunately the…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ordinary Hotel.,"Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in August 2010.  The location is Okay, within a 15 minute walk into London's Heart.  That is the best thing I can say about it.   The rooms are small and old, and by Australian standard, this hotel would be no more than a 2 star.   The shower/bathroom was tiny.    For what we paid, this was by far the worst hotel we stayed at in our 4 week European Holiday.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay,"Thank goodness it was only 2 nights. Room was extremely small, we had a double room and it was barely big enough for the bed let alone our suitcases. Therefore couldn't open our cases at the same time. The room smelt like a sweaty smell masked by a cheap deodorant. Window only opened slightly as to try airing out room.   Shower had absolutely no pressure at all and was a waste of time.  Definitely would not stay here again",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel 10 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square,"It was a really clean and comfortable room. This was our second visit and on both occasions we felt the Hotel staff was there to ensure we had a good stay. The feel is new rather than old and clean and we wouldn't hesitate to book there next time round. Ten minutes walk to Trafalgar Square and China Town, Soho in between, what more can you ask for. We hardly used the tube. Walked to Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace and back. There are three lifts, so though busy we never had to wait for a lift. Though billed as a three star there was a fridge and a safe, which really is better than your average three star we think. If you chose not to have breakfast London has a plethora of places to eat, and we didn't so can't comment on the breakfast. Not sure if all rooms have air…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,Was an average hotel.  Single room was cold drafty and tiny. We didn't expect much as the price was cheap for in and around the London area.  But it was very basic and the windows did not close properly and was noisy and drafty which made sleeping not a nice experience. The breakfast was also average too. Rather pain and not the most tasty.  And the price was about what you would pay at any decent hotel always so over all don't think I would recommend to friends and family that happened to be travelling to that part of the world. ,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shoddy Hotel,"The decor in this hotel is WELL PAST ITS SELL BY DATE ? it is a real pity as the location is very good and the staff were all very nice ..... The room wasn't too clean ...passible but errr..""sticky~""  I wouldn't be rushing back here any time soon ...",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Average hotel.,Location great for all London attractions and transport. Smooth friendly check in. Room small but adequate. Toiletries basic quality. Breakfast v busy and v average food quality and choice. But it is v large 3 star so u get what u pay for. Noisy but where isn't in Central London. Useful as a base only. No luxury to entice staying onsite. ,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Super location,"Super location came up for a stopover too see The JERSEY BOYS ,fabulous room, was most  spacious ,very  clean ,comfortable beds ,excellent service , breakfast every thing could could possibly want ,and restaurant staff ,best ever nothing was too much trouble,very polite",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"This hotel is situated in walking distance to many of the west end theatres. There are lots of shops and restaurants nearby. The British Museum and Library are also close. And it's a pleasant walk over to Camden market.   As for the hotel, I was in a  single which was the smallest room I've ever stayed in. It was clean and the bed was comfy so I give it a thumbs up. I'd probably stay here again when traveling solo because the location is excellent and I felt very safe, even when walking at night.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
3985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small, not very clean room","The location is good, near Oxford street. The rooms are small and not particular clean. No AC or free WiFi. The price is very high compared to accomodation condition they offer. Maybe this is what London is offering for 120 Euro/night, I don't know...I didn't like it, but I've stayed in worse hotels in London.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Super Location,"Ok the rooms were small and yes this is a typical tourist hotel, but on the positive side the rooms were clean and we had a great view of Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament from the 7th floor. The location was perfect on the corner of Oxford street 5 minutes to Soho and the west end close to all the sights and we walked to Camden Market in 30 minutes with plenty of good pubs and eateries on the way. We didn't eat at the hotel but why would you with all that choice on your doorstep and at better prices.  Special mention to the Concierge he was well on top of his game kept all the people traffic moving at check out time and sprinted down the road to hail a taxi, nice man.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Busy and Central,Excellent location and good food in hotel restaurant. my wife and I enjoyed the bar area which had a locals feel to it. my only disappointment was the small room we were allocated which was not value for money. A good full English breakfast and in a perfect position for West End theatres.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"A huge hotel, not very impressive from the outside and the rooms are about the same!  We had a twin room on the 2nd floor, ok just to get your head down.  The bathroom was tiny and we had to run around in the shower to get wet!  On the positive, the beds were comfy and clean.  The room was very warm so we attempted to sleep with the window open - well that lasted about an hour, very noisy! Efficient check in & out.  Would I stay again? probably not although the location is fab, just a stones throw from the theatres with a few local pubs and restaurants.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Good location, easy to get to many places by foot or tube. Good hotel and perfect for one night as we had booked a package deal with a show. Would recommend for a short stay. We had breakfast and there was plenty to eat. No time to use facilities.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for London city centre,I booked this hotel with a Show and stay and found it to be pretty good value. I would recommend making sure you book a room with air conditioning at least in the warmer weather as the room can get pretty stuffy and if you open your window which only opens about 6 inches or so (for safety reasons) then it's pretty loud. Also the other doors along the corridor sound quite loud when they close but personally as I fall asleep quite easily I didn't find this a problem.  Three hotel restaurants to choose from the one I went to was pretty good value and we all enjoyed the food. There are leisure facilities if you choose to use them. I am going to watch another show and have already re-booked another stay at this hotel. As it's right on Tottenham court road it's the perfect location…,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Organised trip by travel solutions,"Great location.   Rooms small but adequate for short stay.  A charge to use swimming pool I thought was a bit mean!    Would recommend the hotel for anyone wanting to see London.  Breakfast good but I thought it would be better if you were offered a different way of cooking your egg,",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, handy for London attractions and theatres","Near Tottenham Court rd tube station, hotel is central for a lot of attractions. Really good position. Clean comfortable rooms, shower cubicle rather snug but adequate. Friendly staff and smooth well organised check in.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location at St Giles hotel London,"St Giles hotel was a positive surprise for us. The location so close to Oxford street, Soho and Covent garden was perfect for us. We had superior double room and they were really nice and also included a very nice breakfast. The bar was also very nice, lot's of good beer. the only negative was that they didn't have any free WiFi at the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location","I stayed here recently for a weekend with my boyfriend. We were going to see a show in Covent garden and so wanted to be nearby, and this was a great location. Tottenham Court Road underground station is only a short walk away, and the hotel is just off New Oxford Street, so there are plenty of shops, bars and places to eat around.  On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by very friendly receptionists. Although we arrived at around 10am our room was already available and so we were able to check in. Our room was relatively small, but I would say it was around the normal size you would expect in London. The decoration was a bit dated but this didn't matter to us. The bathroom and room were clean and had everything we needed. The bed was comfy, and we both slept well.   We had…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny room, rude staff but great central location","We booked this room for the location, which being next to Tottenham Court Road was ideal for going out in SoHo and getting around central London.  Check-in went okay in that we got a room but the lady checking us in was impatient and rude.  On the upside our room was ready.  The room was tiny but clean.  We couldn't open our cases on the floor as there wasn't enough space.  The decor was a bit old-school (lots of pine wood) but the bathroom was nice.  There was no free wifi and there was a long wait for the lifts.  When we left and handed our key into reception, a different lady on the desk to the one that checked us in just snatched it out of my hand without a word.  We had quite a lot of bags and luggage but the concierge didn't help us, instead preferring to chat to his…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not recommended,"We stayed in this hotel 3 years ago and thought it was reasonable. In May this year my wife and I booked this through our local travel agent for a 2 night bed and breakfast to celebrate my birthday (12th/13th August) in London. When we presented our booking voucher from the travel agent to reception we got blank stares as the booking reference was clearly not on their system. After messing around for 10 minutes they asked us to sit in a lounge area until they investigated. Meantime I contacted the travel agent who went to great lengths to find out what was going on as they were prepared to pay the hotel extra to get us a room. Three hours later reception finally booked us into our room, They never said where the fault lay and never apologised for the 3 hour delay. There was not…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Surviving St Giles,"Whatever you have previously read about this hotel, was clearly a load of rubbish! In fact, our short stay here was the WORST experience of our lives in a 4 star hotel to date.  	On arrival we were greeted by many concierges and were severely disappointed when we were told by a member of staff that we would not be permitted to enter the room, even though it had gone 12. Anyway we left the hotel in the pouring rain, hoping that our room would be ready on return.  	Finally, after several hours battling the elements, we arrived back at the hotel and received a greasy key and pointless fob. Once inside the lift the disappointment did not end as we were crammed in like sardines in a tin and I was not impressed being crushed against a dirty, finger stained mirror which we originally…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad but VERY miserable staff,"Stayed for one night one a theatre trip with my young daughter. Can't complain about the room - very clean, good facilities. Quite a bit of road noise but nothing that ruined a nights sleep. All pretty standard and the location is good for shopping/theatre.  What absolutely amazed me was how poor the customer service is here. The only people to even raise a smile and mild politeness were the guy on reception that checked us in and the lady that ticked off our name for breakfast. At breakfast, -( which was absolutely chaos and so, so busy) the staff clearing tables honestly couldn't have been more miserable. Every single one of them is wandering around with a sullen expression. When I checked out the lady on the desk snatched the key off me and chucked it into the key box…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or3995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but nothing fancy,"I stayed for one night here as I was visiting friends and wanted to check out a restaurant nearby. The location is pretty good and quite close to the tube station.  Upon arrival there was a problem with check in, don't know why? So I had to wait for a bit which is pretty annoying.. Anyhow, I got to my room which was fine. I already knew what I was getting when I booked it so everything was as expected.  Overall, unless I have no choice I won't consider booking here again.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for central London,"Hotel is located at the junction  of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. Ideal for the West End. Most theatres are within walking distance and Trafalgar Square is about 15 minutes walk. Number 24 bus is a cross city route from Pimlico to Hampstead - really handy and passes almost outside the hotel door. Underground station around the corner. Lots of day tours out of London (Stonehenge, Bath, Salisbury) pick up at hotel which is a bonus. Room was comfortable and clean - not great but ok for the price. Check-in and check-out quick and efficient though there can be queues at certain times. Desk staff were fine but some of them need to cheer up a bit!!",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Centrally located, clean and comfortable","Located on a quiet side street just yards from shops and night life.Easy check-in with friendly staff. The room, and bathroom,  are a little on the small side, but clean and comfortable. Another pillow would be great, but overall I'd definitely stay here again",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If there were a lower rating then terrible i wouldn't choose it. ,"Our first time to London and we were,obviously, very excited. It all changed when we arrived to the hotel. Our first ""standard"" room was a shoe box. A horrible hot shoe box. It was so small that there was no where to put our luggage but up against the wall. And even then you virtually had to step over it to walk past. The bathroom was fair size but dirty. After the first night we decided to upgrade to the ""superior"" room for an extra $200 (AUS) On top of the $800 we had already paid. We were told the room would be ready with our bags already in the room by 1o'clock. We got back to the hotel around 2 and they hadn't even started. We asked if it could be done as soon as possible because we had been waiting all day and were tired ect. She replied with ""we have asked the cleaners…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK for one or two nights,"This hotel is designed as 4 towers with stepped sides. The windows look in the same direction and are designed so as to be unseen from any other room. Fine in theory but if you have a room near the central part, which gives the impression of looking out of a cavern (see pics).  As often the case, the official photos tend to show the best parts. Looking at the room photos, one would be forgiven for thinking a London rooftop vista would be available from most rooms. The reality is, unless you are on the 12th floor or possibly higher than the 5th and on the south side of the building, there will be little to see.  The lobby area gets very busy at times and with something like 980 rooms by my rough calculations getting from door to room can be an obstacle course. As mentioned in…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very close to west end,Oxford Street",I always stay at StGiles at Tottenham Court Road when I am in London. Take taxi from Kingscross it is only 7 ₺. Ask for refurbished room they are always very helpful. I do not prefer their breakfast because it is very crowded.Go to La Pain Quoiten at Covent Garden instead.All the theaters are at walking distance.Do not look for luxury but comfortable hotel at perfect place.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"We stayed at St. Giles on Saturday 23rd August. The first thing we saw was a leak from the ceiling in reception which was dripping onto the stairs with cones and tape around it- quite an eyesore but these things to happen. However, this stayed the same for the duration of our visit. My husband and I booked an executive double and we splashed out on an executive suite for my parents as a gift as it was a very special occasion. We were surprised and pleased to find that one of the rooms (the executive suite) was ready when we arrived at 12 noon so we went straight up. Both rooms were on the top floors (RT 10 was supposedly the suite and RT 6 the double). To access these you we had to take the main lift to floor 11 and then swap to a different lift. The lift to the top floors was…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Last Minute weekend away,We booked a last minute trip to London for the weekend very reasonably priced considering the location and a Bank Holiday too.Very friendly staff and helpful the room was quite small but very clean and bed comfortable couldnt fault it will go there again if in London,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, small room.","My daughter and I stayed at the St. Giles for 2nights. The room was clean and adequate for its purpose, all we did was sleep there, it was a bit on the wee side, but the location more than made up for this. Tottenham Court Road tube station round the corner and the start of Oxford Street. Within strolling distance of major attractions if you do not want to use the tube. All staff were very friendly, especially the night staff who when asked for more milk to make a brew gave us plenty so that we could make a welcome cuppa on returning back. Also the concierges who gave useful information and maps.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a short stay,8 of us (4 couples) stayed at this hotel for one night on 23/8/14 and it was perfect for what we needed- a bolt hole in Central London that was clean and comfortable.   I have stayed in many London locations and found this to be a genuinely central one. Very easy to walk everywhere from here and with amenities all nearby including 1 minute away from tube.  Rooms are small but clean and with all you need. Bathroom was better than I expected with a good shower. Had no problems with waiting for lifts like some have said! Didn't use facilities much but the pool and gym looked really good.  It was noisy on Saturday night but London noisy not enough to keep you awake. Overall for price you pay well worth a stay. ,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A really average stay in a great location,"We booked quite late to stay at The St Giles based on it's location. I'll start with the positives; the location was great, we changed from a double to a twin with minimal fuss, there was sufficient water pressure in the taps and shower (see later) and the room was surprisingly big for London (about 12x10).   Now the negatives; whilst the water pressure was great, the shower drainage didn't match so the shower tray flooded. Coincidentally there was water coming through a light fitting and into a bucket in reception! The beds were very cheap and mattresses/pillows of equally low quality, the room had no curtains (just a weird intra-window Venetian blind that kept ZERO light out), the bathroom was tiny, even for London, the lifts are insane , they trapped me in the doors twice as…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location very good,"I have just spent 3 nights in this hotel. The double room was extremely small, the breakfast room was crowded and the food overcooked, with lack of choice, the lifts were slow. If location is the most important thing than this hotel is perfect.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very comfortable stay,"I spent one night, and I really can't fault it. Clean and comfortable. Friendly and helpful staff. What more do you need? And considering it's location I thought very reasonably priced.  Yes the room was small, but the linen was clean and the bed was comfortable, the shower room also very clean.  I arrived 2 hours before check in time, hoping just to be able to drop my bags off before heading off to Regent and Oxford Street's for a spot of retail therapy, but was able to check in straight away, I baulked at a room on the 7th floor, I have a problem with heights, I was instantly offered a room on the first floor. Would definitely stay again.  Especially as it is so handy for the British Museum, which I didn't get chance to visit this time around.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"good location, small rooms","The location is great, one small block and half to Tottenham station, the room is small, the bath has good size, the room was clean, NO free WIFI, if you want to connect must pay 10 pounds per day or 4 pounds per one hour!!! the only really bad thing is the lady at the coffee shop, she's so rude with everybody!!! that need to be changed, she's mean! the people at front desk and the concierge are very nice and willing to help every time. Is a noisy place but if you live in a big city you'll feel like home. Some rooms have AC, mine did, but my college didn't.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A difficult hotel to rate,"I found if hard to give a review of this hotel because there are a lot of positives but some significant negatives.   The positive is mainly the location of the hotel relative to the price. It is indeed the best you can get in London right where all the action is - we didn't have to use the underground at all because it was walking distance to everything.   The negative is that this hotel simply has too many guests relative to it's lobby and elevators. We actually had to join a line to get into the elevators at 10pm - it was disorderly and chaotic. Staying on the 11th floor also meant that on the way down we stopped at almost every single floor with people teying to get into the elevator, it was very frustrating.   Our room did not have any air conditioning and we had to use a…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location , shame about the school canteen breakfast","Myself , daughter, and granddaughter stayed the 21st aug for one night ,first impressions great ,concierge staff very smart ,reception staff not so smart,room worst that I have stayed in .i usually book holiday inn Bloomsbury in London but this is in a great spot for covent garden theatre land ect so decided on this !! Room was clean but so small ,no air cond ,window does not open but ok ,made a cup of coffee but had to wash cups first as we're sticky around the rims !! Breakfast the next morning was the worst I have ever had in a hotel and I have travelled a lot,I looked at my daughter when we walked in the restuarant if that's what it's classed as and shock horror,I thought I had gone back to school meals ,went to get a little of the hot buffet ,I just couldn't eat it it was…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location excellent and very good for price of hotel stay!!,"I was reading the reviews after I booked this hotel and I was thinking, oh no!! what have I booked however when we got there the staff were very welcoming and helpful. The rooms were of a good size what u would expect for a budget hotel. The bathrooms were a bit small however very clean and presentable. Bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean and tidy.  We didn't try the Resturant or bar at the hotel because there are so many lovely resturants and bars a stone throw away from the hotel.  Overall I would ignore the bad reviews and go try for yourself, you will be pleasantly surprised.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location","A very nice, very well priced London hotel which is ideally situated for Oxford Street shops and many attractions. Restaurant is nice but a little cramped at breakfast-time. Staff are most pleasant, welcoming & helpful. Room size is typical of a not-overpriced London hotel with tea/coffee making facilities. Wife would have liked a bath rather than a just shower but I always prefer a shower! Great to be able to pop next door to the Dominion theatre to see We Will Rock You (superb!) - now sadly come to the end of its run.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny single rooms,"Decided to have single room ,big mistake as unable to have case open anywhere except the bed . The room is too small to swing a cat as the saying goes . Next time even if by myself will book a twin room .Bathroom is also tiny . Apart from the size everything else was good ,- close to the west end ,room clean ( although housekeeping couldn't decide how many towels to leave each day).  Breakfast the same each day . Staff helpful",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,decent stay at st giles,"I stayed at st Giles on a Saturday night. We stayed in a twin room will was small but fine for one night. This is a reasonably priced hotel in an excellent location. No need to use the tube to visit Covent garden, Soho or theatreland.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable and well located,"The provision of staff is remarkable, especially for those not fluent in the English language to one hundred percent support provided by the Spanish speaking staff is very helpful.  The comfortable bedrooms. I traveled with my mother and we were well looked after.  Located near the metro station and main avenues to get where you want.  Very close to Oxford Circus where you can find tinedas departmental and other services such as pharmacies, eateries and bars.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Our experience,We had a twin room. It was very nosy during the day and rooms were basic. It was in walking distance from the underground station of Tottenham court road. A good variety of shops and restaurants around.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Exceeded our expectations!,"After reading some of the previous reviews was expecting a room fit for a Barbie doll!   How wrong they were, was very happy with our room which was adequate for our needs. Although the bathroom was small, it was clean and modern, hot water always available with sachets of shampoo and shower gel and towels changed daily if required.  Only negative was bathroom extractor fan did not seem to work so got rather steamy.  Our room was on the fifth floor and at back of hotel so was quiet and had good night's sleep, the shower occasionally made a gurgling noise, but closing the bathroom door soon blotted the noise out! We did not need to use the fan which was supplied as weather was mild, window only opened a small amount due to safety.  There was a safe free of charge in the room.…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very friendly and helpful staff,"Lovely hotel, spent one night to go to theater, Arrived early but were allowed into room which was really useful to leave luggage. Nice room, small but clean.( Didn't take room apart to look for dust!) Staff were very helpful and happy. Breakfast was self service but of good quality and plentiful. Only downside was room on first floor so with window open was a bit noisy. Would be happy to stay again. Very convenient for sightseeing.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still Good Value,As frequent visitors to this hotel given our very competitive room rate I have been unable to fault the place. I have found the staff helpful and polite and despite our very early arrivals our rooms has always been available. The room this time was a bit on the small side but more than adequate for our needs and along with the bathroom was immaculately clean. If they can do me the same rate again in October I will be back.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Suprised,"I had read the review prior to booking my trip so was expecting a very small room with no air or heat.  The room was actually a very good size for Europe, with a big area for bed, a sitting room and a fairly big bathroon. The windows in the room and bathroom opened partially for fresh air and we did have heat and aircon.  The room was a little old and dated but for the price we paid I think a great deal.This was my first time to London and found this a great location.  It is literally one bock from the Underground station and very easy to get to.  There is a restaurant in the hotel as well as several next door.  There is also a coffee shop there for quick coffee and snack. The front desk people were very helpful and accomodating as well as the Bellmen and Concierge.  My only…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is OK!,"There are a lot of negative reviews about this hotel on trip advisor - jyst come back from 2 night stay - yes rooms are small but hiw many people stay in London to spend time in thrir room, our toom was really clean; towels are not the best but when we asked for more we got them; lifts are slow - could do with more - but we were only on third floor so stairs a good option; concierge will keep bags if you arrive early or want to go out and about after checking out - all staff we came across were friendly and willing to help (unlike some guests); breakfast was included in our deal - good menu although the first morning was manic as they had a large number of coach parties to get in; excellent location apart from tube to get there on first day we were able to walk to everywhere we…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"This is the second time I have stayed here. The location is great for Oxford St/Covent Garden etc We were able to check in early at no extra cost. It is a very busy hotel but you are in Central London! Breakfast was included and said it was continental, but on arrival to the breakfast room, there was a full buffet inc full English.  Would recommend.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and only,"Stayed there 1 night while on a business trip. The hotel is indeed very well located. It is on the red/central line, 1 block from Oxford Str. and very close to Soho.  The room (single) was the smallest I've ever seen, while the bed was uncomfortable. The bathroom had a bad smell, I kept all night the door closed in an effort to limit the smell to the bathroom. It was also quite noisy, I woke up a several times from noise coming mainly from the street (even though staying at the 6th floor) and sometimes from the other rooms. I wouldn't stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Do not waste your time or money on the St.Giles,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!  1. Room we stayed in was tiny without AC, I asked to change and was told it was an extra $80pounds per night to change our room.  The manager at the front desk told me I had a fan and to use that.  Considering the room is like a sauna, it was basically useless.  the only option was to leave the window open to try to get some fresh air circulating.  that came at the expense of the noise that carries up the building from outside. We stayed on the 9th floor and had the pleasure of being woken by the people leaving the casino....Bring on the restless nights...just what you are after when you have traveled for over 30hrs. 2. Agree with other comments about the lifts, so slow..we ended up taking the stairs on a few occasions. 3. Rude…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location... and not very much more...,"The location is good, close to Tottenham Court Road, Oxford street, Covent Garden and Soho. That´s about it.   This time I had a double room and didn´t have to repeat the terrible experience I had several years ago with a single room about the size of a prison cell! This double room reminded me of a hotel room from 1950-60, possibly -70. The room was hot but I couldn´t open the window more than a couple of inches. No aircondition but a big table fan hidden in a cupboard, wall-to-wall carpet which of course had its stains. Old bed, too short for me (188 cm). No fridge/minibar. No wifi in room unless you were prepared to pay GBP 10 a day, come on, this is 2014! Strange gap between the floor and the door = you hear everything from the hall outside the room. I was lucky enough to…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central position is very convenient for the West End so get out and about and don't spend too much time in your room!,"Only stayed for one night as we were having a late Friday night in town - the position of the Hotel is ideal as it is walking distance to Soho, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Piccadilly, Oxford Street, Regent Street ....need I go on!  The booking in was straightforward and the double room we had was not too bad with a separate bedroom and living room area, although the total area was quite small - however you don't go to a Central London hotel to stay in your room - we'll we don't anyway.  The bed was a fair size and comfortable with a television on the wall opposite the bed. The living area also had a tele and also a kettle with a good selection of coffee, tea, milk etc. We ran out, as we had a bit of thirst on after walking around Borough Market on the day of arrival and…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,organised chaos,what a carry on checking in just cannot believe the trouble not only we had but several other travellers we arrived 12.00 to be told to come back at 2.00 which was fine but they must have told everyone to do the same the foyer was crowded at 2.00 only to be told not ready come back in another hour came back at 2.30 still not ready when we finally got a room the room cleaning staff just stood about on our floor chatting at least four of them then as we were getting ready to go out some people came in our room with a key saying it was there room how bad is that. when we complained to the desk they couldn't care less no one seemed to know what they were doing.  as for the breakfast it was just like a hostel/school dinners we all had to line up with trays then off to canteen style…,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,dont go there,"We then arrived at St Giles and although we knew we were early we asked the question were our rooms ready, the reply no but be back at 2.00pm and they should be, I asked the question please could our 5 rooms be on the same floor and they said that would be no problem. So we all went  for a wander round the area until 2.00pm.  Five of our party went  back to the hotel for the keys for their rooms only to be told they were not ready, unfortunately they had all booked afternoon tea at 3.30 so they needed to get into a room to be showered and changed so eventually they were give 3 rooms and off they went to get ready.  About half an hour later the remainder of our party went back to book into their rooms but again had to wait for keys,  we were given keys for room 255 and 728.  The…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for a nights stay,"We stayed here last night in a basic double room, which is what it says. Ideal for a night or two in an ideal location. Close to the tube and within easy walking distance of Coventry garden, and theatre land.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles hotel,"This is definitely a top location.the rooms are quite small dated but relatively clean. The front desk was efficient and it was good to see well staffed.  I was disappointed that the front desk could not help me rebook for another week and I was told to ring their booking line and even more disappointed when it was 50% Dearer than our peak season rate. So we will be booking elsewhere for that. The towels were thin,  and not so good. They need TV guides in the rooms and hooks in the bathrooms to hang clothes. I know these are small issues but they count. Overall, location top marks,rooms dated and not perfectly clean, fees reasonable for peak time.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel with no Wifi, but the location is very good.","This hotel has a great location for shopping, but I was quite disappointed. There is no wifi, the rooms are ok, but small. The TV is very small, like a PC screen. There was a lot of noise outside, and the elevators are almost impossible to get, if you stay on the 6. Floor... Check out is at 11, and that too is a minus. I would choose another hotel next time.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding,"We stayed here for a long weekend in August and will definately book again. The room was a double ensuite and was immaculate. Not the biggest of rooms but we were not bothered as it suited us perfectly. The hotel itself is clean and tidy, the buffet style breakfast was excellent and was included in the cost which was very good for central London, book early for the best prices! The Hotel is located close to the Dominium Theatre and Tottenham Court Road Underground, from there exploring London was so easy. Get yourself an Oyster Card if you intend to use the tube or buses a lot while here as in Zone 1 (Central London) the price is capped at £7 per day so you can travel as many times as you want! Leicester Square is only about 10-15 minutes walk away so that gives you an idea how…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"One of my friends booked this hotel for us on a special deal so i can't comment on standard prices and therefore the value of what we got. We also booked room only and we didn't visit any of the 3 restaurants so i also can't comment on the quality or price of the food.   Right, that's the neutrals out of the way!   This hotel is literally a 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Rd tube station so travelling is super-easy! It also only takes about 20 minutes to walk to Picadilly Circus! Perfect location!  I think check-in is officially from 2pm but my friend and i got there at about 12:45 and were able to check-in straight away, they said they had quite a few room ready. Many people have said there were long waits for the lifts but we were on the 10th floor so stairs weren't an…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another pleasant stay,"Great location,ideal for our stay,this will be our sixth time at this hotel,generally everything was fine,on arrival the room was ready which was a pleasant surprise,we really shouldn't be making this a factor as we arrive in London about 8.30 am,probably an unreasonable time to expect a room to be ready,but we do put in a special request when booking...reception staff are generally good and efficient,rooms are clean and facilities are good,breakfast,which is complimentary,was excellent two stays ago but has become nothing short of a bad experience,,,not a deal breaker as the good definately outweighs the bad,the location is for us second to none,the door staff unbelievably helpful...what can I say..we will be back...",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,brillant location,"Have stayed here before, the location is brilliant most attractions within walking distance also there is a tube station around the corner. staff very friendly and helpful, it is a little dated but well equipped hairdryer,iron and board, and a fan. the bathroom had shower gel and soap.A good choice for breakfast.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,dirty dirty dirty,"this was my second  room , I complained that the 1st room was dirty honestly. so onto room no 3 bigger and cleaner with complimentary breakfast, but  all I wanted was a clean room  and not the hassle of packing and unpacking.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location without the expense,Hotel is two minutes from tottenham court road station so it wins on location plus oxford street is just around the corner so perfect for shopping.  The staff were friendly.  The only down side were the lifts. We returned one day to a coach load solving and had to que for he lifts. We were 9th floor and my mum couldn't walk the stairs. There were some very rude guests which obviously isn't the fault of the hotel but there was a member of staff apparently directing people in lifts but he wasn't doing very well. Rooms are small but that's what you expect in London   Beds comfy  I would stay here again,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The room wasn't as small as I had imagined. We were only there 1 night so it was fine.  The bathroom was clean but very tired.  Little things could make it so much better, shower gel dispenser was broken and the sink plug was stuck.  Sloppy housekeeping. Reception staff were friendly and efficient, no complaints at all.  Breakfast was very busy but there were plenty of tables. It's a great location and I would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London break,"This hotel was ideal for our trip to London, as it was so central, a 5 minute walk from Oxford Street. The hotel was clean, and, the staff were attentive and friendly. The room was a bit on the small side, but spotless, as was the en-suit shower.  Our buffet breakfast was excellent, with a wide range foods to select from. We would certainly return to the St Giles hotel in any future trips to London.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,cheap and not that cheerful,"room was dirty, hadn't been cleaned properly. The carpet was damp in the room when i initially arrived. Hotel is basic and not that clean at night it was noisy. It needs redecorating and new bathrooms installing ! Never again !!",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay,"After reading some of the reviews, I have to write mine.  We stayed for 2 nights, with the hotel as a base to sight see.  A fabulous positioned hotel. Short walk to theatre land and you can see the London Eye and Big Ben from the Hotel. Quick check in, Lovely staff and concierge on a lower desk. Taxi rank outside if required.  There are vending machines on each floor, with the usual chocolate bars and crisps, but also a small selection of Cereal and even a tiny bottle of milk !  Ice machines are located on the first 2 floors and were incredibly handy. The rooms had everything you could need for a short stay, and was clean, and comfortable. The bathroom albeit small was well stocked with shampoo/conditioner soap etc. And the whole place looked newly refurbished.  I've stayed at…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Recently stayed here with my girlfriend.  The ""airconditioned"" room was sauna-like, and the bed was horrible.  The shower was tiny, the irons didn't work, and the ice machines were all broken.  Oh, and the staff were super rude. Good location, but not worth the price you pay for the hell you have to live in.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for Salisbury avenue,"We booked 3 rooms here & girls weekend away. Ideal location 10 min walk from theatre land. 2 min walk from Tottenham court tube.  The room I stayed in was good, clean & comfortable, we kept window open and had no trouble with any noise, think it was towards the back of the hotel. Friends stayed in rooms near lifts & said that they heard noises from other residents but we all said we would stay here again. Breakfast is very basic, coffee/tea, bacon roll/pastry & piece of fruit. But can't grumble when at least we didn't waste our time on tube to get same priced hotels. ",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Great location. Its in Central London close to Tottenham court station. Oxford street is just around the corner for all your shopping needs. Walking distance to the Theaters & Chinatown. British Museum is close by.  Good value for money but where we stayed on the 9th floor have no air condition. They do have a fan so its not too bad during cooler season like Spring or Autumn. Not sure if its only no air condition for standard double room. Both the bedroom & bathroom are small. The shower door won't open right up makes it difficult for a bigger person to go in. Apart from that, everything seems to be clean except for one occasion we did find a bug on our bed. Not sure whether it will put others off or not. Overall, our experience was not too bad. Breakfast was fine as well. …",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,the location and breakfast far outweigh any bad points,"My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of July 2014. The check in was quick and very efficient ( check out even quicker) The location just off Oxford street on Tottenham Court Road could not have been more central, about 200 yards away from the underground. A lot of reviews go on about the rooms being too small, what do they want? its only for sleeping in, you don't go to London, or any other place for that matter, to sit in a hotel bedroom. The hotel and the rooms themselves are nipping clean. Our room was on the second floor overlooking a side street it was so quiet that we had the window open all the time. The best time to go for breakfast we found was 8-15, there was always plenty of empty tables to choose from and the food was always fresh. We went to a pub just…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Budget Hotel with plenty of facilities,"The basic rooms are OK , albeit quite small.Clean & with digital safe. Decent bathroom but no air con in the cheapest rooms (though fan and open window helps.). very big hotel with a big  excellent flashy bar. also for £5 there is use of a huge swimming pool & gym set in the same building (YMCA gym- but females use it too.) This is a great facility. Staff fine, hotel is big and ugly from the outside but it is in an excellent location - being so handy for tourists. London hotel prices are getting very expensive and this is a very good budget hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and concierge,"The best location. The regular rooms where bigger then expected, clean and nice. Havent try the breakfast.  The best service are from the concierge. U are the best. Excellent service.  This hotell is all location location. ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Location excellent 1 min walk from tube and bus stops, plenty of restaurants near by, hotel reception staff friendly and helpful, able to leave your cases with porters for £1 before and after checkout, Rooms and bathroom very small but clean and you don't spend much time in them anyway. Breakfast good English and continental. Would defiantly stay here again",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would stay there again,Pros: Great location. Nice breakfast. Clean.   Cons: We asked for rooms next to each other months before arrival which we didnt get. On arrival staff told us we should just be happy we were on the same floor. Bad attitude. On a arrival my VISA card wasnt accepted. My bank at home said the problem was definately with the hotel since I was able to use it in London both in shops and ATMs. Ive used the card in other countries with no problem. ,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Uninspiring,"The best thing about the St Giles is the location, the rest of it is, well, basic and boring.  Small room, smaller bathroom, no fridge, no wardrobe, just hanging space. If you can get a good price for a room then i suppose it's ok for a night, two tops (if you're content with just somewhere to rest your head). The worst thing about the hotel has to be the lifts. There only seemed to be one out of four working at any one time.  They took a lifetime to come and then they were nearly always full so you'd have to wait an eternity for another.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"The room we had in St Giles was very small, the smallest I've ever stayed in. Still, it was clean and this was more important. During our stay in London we spent most of our time outdoor, so we didn't need a very large room, it was enough for us. We were more interested in the location, which I must say it was very, very good. Overall, we were pleased with our stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay for Central London,My wife and I stayed for three nights.Reception friendly and helpful.Room (104)was clean and tidy.Breakfast buffet style was ok all the normal full English.Location was the bonus as you could easily walk to most locations.Would stay again,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Value in London,"I always stay here in London it's my home from home. It's location is brilliant, the staff are lovely. The cosmopolitan vibe is great and the breakfast always excellent with a full selection of continental and Full English and as much tea and coffee as you want.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is good but that's it,"Location is good but after that it's not. The smallest room ever, no air on so you open a window to be deafened by an extractor fan just below. Only stay in cooler months but don't have much luggage as it won't fit in the microscopic room",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tourist hotel in the heart of London,"We picked this hotel because of price and location. It is located 1-2 min. from Tottenham Court Road tube station. How much can you expect from a tourist hotel? However, the beds were terrible and not recommenable (room 177). If you are suffering from a bad back you should consider another hotel. No free internet access - strange when it is available free of charge practically at all restaurants and bars. No airconditioning making it very hot during night. The standard of our room was much lower than the pictures on their homepage. Very helpful concierge desk.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Stayed for 2 nights. Basic hotel, ok for just somewhere to sleep. However we could not sleep as woken up in the middle of the night (on both nights) by a scratching sound in the ceiling which,  we took to be a rats / mice!! running around (Definitely some kind of animal).  I reported this to the hotel staff at 3 am on the second night and on check out. Amazed and disappointed that the manager did not come out to apologise for the inconvenience caused. Not impressed at paying £100 a night and having no sleep in this hotel. Would not visit again.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Three nights in  central London . reasonably priced . Very good location . Small room but clean and comfortable .  ! Should stay again .you can reached mostly sights by walk . Metro and bus stations two minutes from hotel,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful,"I was there with my wife one week ago. So at the beginning we got a double executive room and we expected to have much than a standard one. But the difference were huge like first of all the room was smaller than the standard one, the bed was smaller too than too bed one by one at the standard one, the air conditioner didnt work so the stuff knew about that cos we ve found a spining ventilator on the table orientated to blow the face of who should take a sleep. The windows didnt open just 2 inches so it was no freshe air inside, and the weather was so sunny that u couldnt sleep by the night inside. Anyway we asked to change the room. they gave us a standard one, more spece, 2 rooms inside, 2 tv's and an working air conditioner. The difference was in the bathroom were there was a…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value option for central London,"My wife and I stayed here for one night as we had to visit the US Embassy in London the next day. The staff were very welcoming and helpful at check-in and considering the location we thought the hotel offered excellent value for money. Our room was small, but clean and the very small double bed was surprisingly comfortable. The location is fairly noisy, especially with the window open but with my ear plugs in my sleep was not affected at all. All in all, a good option if you just need to be central for a short period of time.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Less than bare essentials!,A single tiny room without air conditioning but clean and with two teabags and two of coffee constituting the only luxury but the location is good for The British Museum.  Take your own soap and shampoo and earplugs if you want to keep the window open. Wireless is incredibly expensive but a Cafe Nero is nearby on Tottenham Court Road for a free connection and good coffee.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,location location location!,"The hotel was nice. The rooms were very tiny. My single room was smaller then a college dorm room. However, the location of the hotel greatly made up for the size of the room. The hotel is near soho shopping, many restaurants, the british museum is right around the corner, and transportation is within walking distance.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,There was a rat in my room!,"I checked in to the hotel and was pleasantly surprised. The room was a generous size although very noisy. The air con didn't work and it was 28 degrees outside! The restaurant was nice but overpriced. When I was in bed I was awoken by a noise, I put on the light, looked beside me and there was a large black rat. I screamed and ran down to reception. I was on the sixth floor, how did a rat get up there?! They moved me to another room but refused to give me a refund initially. I felt stupid and cheap by having to beg for a refund! I got no sleep and the attitude of the staff was disgusting. I've cancelled my next two stays that I had already booked for future business trips. Will never stay agin. Absolutely vile ",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location,"Just stayed for two nights in this central London hotel - very pleasantly surprised as many reviews are not particularly positive. Can honestly say that this was a super. Value for money experience. It is extremely reasonably priced - a factor that I suspect is often overlooked when posting. This is a price-friendly hotel the centre of London and within walking distance of The British Museum, Covent Garden and theatre land! On arrival we were offered executive room upgrades and the check in clerk did a good job of putting our party together in facing whilst upgrading. The upgrade included an upgrade to our breakfast which was included in the price - a decent cooked breakfast in the restaurant downstairs where the staff were really friendly and courteous - no request was too much…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location at a sensible price,"just a 20 min walk from euston so a great location ,easy check in with pleasant staff. the rooms are small but this is what you get in central London unless you pay silly prices .clean and comfortable what more do you need",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hot hot hot,"The rooms in this hotel were so small, I was there for a night and it was a warm day in London, but the room was so hot there was no air conditioning but a fan and with the heat of the room it didn't work well. There was an ironing room which was handy, reason for this was could never fit an Ironing board in the room. In the bathroom the only toiletries was a soap stuck to the wall in the shower which didn't work so I was unable to use it. Hotel is in a fantastic location but I dont think its worth £100 a night.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good location,"Booked his hotel because of the location we have stayed there before it is very close to a lot of attractions and the tube station is around the corner. Basic hotel, charges for wifi  rooms very small and very hot we could not have the window open at night due to the street noise had to put the fan on.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's basic hotel,It's in a good location  Check in was efficient and good  The room was upgraded to an executive and it was average but it's what you pay for  There is a charge for wifi  The diner next to the hotel is good for good and good value  Overall is a basic hotel but for what you pay it's good ,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Truly Awful,"First business trip to London requiring an overnight stay for several years this hotel was just about the closest to where I needed to be the following day, looked ok on the information I was able to find so booked through the booking agency as it was under the cap rate. The check in experience wasn't overly wonderful although wouldn't really criticise the member of staff specifically. On reaching room this was the first experience of a key card lock that you swipe past the door, and with no instructions on how it worked it became a bit of trial and error which I didn't really need at 9pm. Once inside the Room was so hot, even with window open that I wasn't looking forward to having to try to sleep in it later. No apparent air conditioning, there was something in the ceiling…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not worth your money,"This hotel is massively overpriced. The rooms are tiny, the service unfriendly at best and the rooms smell terrible. The ""deluxe"" room is basically a box with a bed (you can't even get into the bed from the side), and the ""executive"" room has a double bed and 2 armchairs (not even a closet!). Clearly they are trying to make up the lack of quality with overstated room-type names. Frankly, I should have done my research but was traveling for work and booked it because it was close to the office - I would have been better off staying somewhere like the Travelodge, getting the same for a fairer price.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value,Fantastic llocation close to the action in Soho etc. I have stayed at a few hotels in London Bloomsbury but this is the best by far for London. Rooms are average size for London but only a place to sleep. Great bar downstairs and value for money dining. What more can you ask for at £95 per night online.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible place,"The hotel looks nice on the outside, but the room ve got was just awful. We had a de luxe room, and there was nothing de luxe about it. Small, dirty, the bed must be 20 years old, maybe more. Water coming down from the bathroom lamp. I would Call it a hostel.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"'Stayed 2 nights, location perfect...hotel disastrous!'","We paid £135 per night to stay in this hotel and to say the least I was shocked and wasnt sure exactly what luxuries we were paying for? I have honestly stayed in better premier inns for £29.00 per night. 1. The rooms were small and very dated- old fashioned tatty bed sheets 2. Could barely even open the window a jar and the views were building sites 3. The wait for lifts up and down was long, then everyone would cram in like sardines 4.The staff werent friendly/welcoming, wearing a smile was a chore 5. The bar next door was unwelcoming, people were staring at us so it obviously has its locals...just felt extremely uncomfortable.   The only plus side to the hotel was the bathroom was modern.  Find another hotel...",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What I expected,"This is a no frills venue that we chose due to its location and cost. The room was small and we booked a twin single bed room as we thought a double bed would be to small (pushed the two singles together). Little details let the hotel down, different sized coffee cups and glasses just give the impression that the hotel is not trying. The lifts are very slow and it can be a bit of Russian roulette if they stop or open when you want them too. There was no bar fridge in the room and the ice machines on the ground and first floor were always out of ice. Positives, great location for walking around Central London and what we saved on accommodation costs we were able to spend out on the town.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for.,Stayed for 3 nights last week. The bedroom and bathroom were clean but very small. For £99per room per night it was very good value considering the brilliant location. If you want a clean central Hotel at an excellent price this Hotel will deliver but don't expect The Ritz!!,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine hotel for short stay,"I stayed at this hotel while other (more preferred hotels) were fully booked at this time. The rooms were ok, bathroom small - but this is standard for London, the window from the room had view to nowhere (some roofs and yard). In general the room was clean and well equipped. I had only small breafast once as its much better (to go outside and get some in nearby restaurant (Garfunkel's is my favourite in London). What I didn't like - Elevators and Check-in. Check-in took too long (in comparison to hotels such as Premier Inn or Ibis in London). Elevators - if you stay in 1st or 2nd floor, don't use them. It's really slow and going to different floors then you asked for :-). One evening we were travelling more 5 minutes to get to ground floor. For the first time it's funny, but…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location,"Looking at the mixed reviews recently for this hotel, we were dubious about it.  However, the location is fabulous with only a very short walk to Tottenham Court Rd tube station and walking distance to many central areas. If you want luxury this hotel is not for you - it is basic with no frills but it has coffee/tea in the rooms and we had efficient air con!  Rooms are certainly small but contain everything essential except free WiFi.  I even had a very good hair dryer (a rarity)!  No free toiletry bits and pieces, just a bottle on the wall.  Double room had two single beds pushed together.  Breakfast was not included for us but we had a discount at the useful cafe nextdoor which was open 24 hours. Staff were very polite and helpful. Only real negative was the shower - the…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but very average hotel,Great central location just off Tottenham Court Road. Hotel promises a lot but really just doesn't deliver. Rooms are tired and quite claustrophobic. Service was ok I guess but unless you can get a really great deal I would suggest you look at other options out there that will represent better value and a better experience.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,This hotel is fantastic for London if you are goin for a shopping trip or you plan not to spend much time in your room. I have used this hotel twice and would use it again but only for the purpose of shoppinf and site seeing in London. Breakfast is also very good.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible Dirty Hotel,"The bedroom was too hot, no air conditioning. Windows would only open a few inches thus Allowing no air into the room. The bed was was meant to be a double bed it was tiny and extremely uncomfortable for 2 people, barely bigger then a standard single bed.  bathroom was filthy particularly the taps, shower and grey towels . No free wifi in bedrooms or lobby , Concierge charged us for storing our luggage.  We are extremely disappointed with St Giles Hotel and will never return or recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location,"This was our second visit to this hotel.Only chosen again for the location and not for the comfort - 2 nights maximum is as much as would want to stay there. The rooms are very small and dark. The shower over bath didn't work very well.I certainly could not have washed my long hair.There was no air conditioning and only a small window that partly opened.Fortunately a small fan was provided, but in the middle of a heatwave it was insuffient. The buffet style breakfast was plentiful with a great variety catering for all nationalities. The staff were all polite and welcoming.  We would stay there again but only for the location - a couple of minutes to the tube for sightseering and Oxford St.,10 minutes walk to Soho and Thearteland. It's a great pity that more comfort has not been…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Room was small but adequate. Catered to our needs. Double bed with bathroom and TV/coffee making facility. Selling point for me was the price- under €90 for double room within walking distance to oxford street and Holborn area. Great restaurants nearby including a lovely Turkish one, and we had excellent breakfast in Cafe Rouge- which was just around the corner. Would not hesitate to stay again!",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is it's strength,"This was my second stay in the Hotel, this time in an upgraded twin room. Check in was efficient and friendly. There can be quite a wait for lifts at key times, especially if there are quite a few checking in and out with plenty of luggage. Our room was quite small, we had a small sitting area which was pleasant, but would have preferred more space in the bedroom area, there was barely space for 2 cases. The room was clean, it had good aircon. There was no bath but a good shower. It's extremely central to Oxford St, Tottenham Court Road and links via bus, tube, rail. My only criticism was the heating seemed to bo on full in the corridors on our floor (2) and waiting for a lift was akin to being in a sauna ( it was in the high 20s outside)  It's a clean, central place to stay if…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Our stay got off to a bad start as the check-in staff at the hotel had no knowledge of our reservation (which had been made through an agent).  However the staff were very friendly and efficient and sorted it out for us and we were still able to check in to our room earlier than expected.  I agree with other reviewers - the rooms are small but I've had smaller in London.  The bathroom was tiny but very clean.  We were on the 6th floor so it was ok to leave the window open. The fresh air and the fan provided kept the room at a comfortable temperature despite the heat outside.  We were pleasantly surprised by the choice at breakfast - yes the breakfast room is very basic and out dated but the food was more than adequate for our needs.    The best thing about this hotel is its…,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"What the hotel lacks, it makes up for in location.","I stayed here with my boyfriend in July 2014. The double room that we had was tiny, with no fridge to keep drinks cool (the temperatures were about 27 degrees Celsius when we stayed), no air conditioning, a small fan and a window that only partly opened. The lifts are also very small. We only had breakfast in the hotel one morning and at more than £9 each the breakfast was only adequate. Our experience with the staff during check in was that she was very rude and also the staff at the coffee desk was rude also. However, the staff at the concierge desk were very nice and helpful. The Hudson bar was very nice although a bit expensive. The location of this hotel is phenomenal. Only a 5 minute walk to oxford street and within a stones throw from buses, taxis and the underground.…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This is a pleasant but fairly basic hotel in a fantastic location. Our twin room was small but neat and clean, with an excellent shower room! We spent most of our time out and about - being right on the corner of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road and almost adjacent to Underground and bus stops meant this was a great spot to base a busy London trip. Good access to restaurants and theatres meant we we were well suited. Improvements have been carried out since our last visit and we were impressed with the new bar/restaurant on ground floor. Breakfast service was better and quieter than last time. Efficient concierge service. This was our second visit and I'd use this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Great Concierge Service & Good location but I wouldn't stay here again,"This hotel was well located & well serviced by taxis however it was a bit disappointing. While I can't speak highly enough of the concierge who were always keen to help & always on the ball the rest of the hotel did not live up to its star rating.   The room was tiny, non-air conditioned and there was no fridge. In order to feel safe at night one had to close the window which limited the air flow on hot nights (we were in London during 30 degree heat). The bathroom was also tiny however it obviously had been recently renovated and was rather nice.  The hotels wi-fi was overpriced and VERY slow, more time was spent waiting for pages to load than actually using the internet.  Whilst the hotel is okay I wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central London Hotel,"We have stayed here on numerous occasions in the past 8 years. Excellently situated. 3 minute walk to Oxford Street, and 5-8 minute walk to West End. desk service polite and helpful Standard rooms adequate- except in Summer, no air-conditioning. No refridgerators Deluxe rooms and suites very good value. Very highly recommended paritcularly because of position",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If you like it hot,"Booked this hotel for a romantic weekend to celebrate 24 years of marriage. The reception and staff are very good; however when you get to your room, that is when it goes down hill a tad.   Very very small rooms - NO AIR CON - I stress this as we went when it was sunny and it was like a sauna. They do provide a fan, but all that does is circulate hot air (a bit like a fan oven).   The water was warm at best.   The lifts are a pain. We were waiting for 10 minutes for one to come along. Being on the 7th floor, the stairs where not an option with our cases.   Breakfast was OK - buffet style, but the restaurant décor looks like a 60's motorway service station.   In essence, I would have been better off at a Premier Inn or travel lodge.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"No free wifi, staff not helpful","minuses:  -NO FREE WIFI (which is one the most important things in a hotel these days! Felt like in the 1990's - too retro, too ""classic"") -Wifi incredibly expensive! -no breakfast included -cleaners began to make noise early in the morning (while on a holiday I'd like to sleep after 8 am. too) -we had a small emergency - one of us didn't have a hotel room (due to some misunderstandings) for the first night. The personnel in the hotel couldn't arrange 2 people in a 1 person room, they just told us it's impossible (hotel was full - which we had to find out ourselves by calling to the reservation number at the check-in desk because the person in the check-in desk was too busy to do that!) although ie. sleeping in the room's floor would have been totally ok for us in that…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Crowded and Uncomfortable,"The hotel was very crowded when I stayed there, which normally wouldn't be a problem, except, this place only has 2 working elevators, which are small (maybe fit 6 people WITHOUT luggage) and very slow.   During checkout times every day it was impossible to get a lift down and in the evenings it was impossible to get a lift up. Many times I opted to take the stairs - to the 9th floor.   The rooms were small and though I asked for a double, it was two single beds pushed together. They rolled apart at the slightest movement - which made for interesting sleeping.   Housekeeping was average and a few times didn't empty the trash or replace used towels. The only good service was the concierge - that went above and beyond to help me with a portable cot for my son.   For what it is, I…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff, usually a bargain","I have stayed at the St. Giles London almost a dozen times and it gets better each trip. Its location off Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street is a ten minute walk to Leicester Square where many theaters are located as well as the TKTS Booth. Trafalgar Square where the National Gallery and the National Portrait Gallery open their doors for free, is three minutes beyond that. Wardour Street which is full of interesting restaurants and a Tube station to take you further away are nearby. The British Museum is less than a five minute walk.  The very clean rooms are about the same size as other central London hotels. St. Giles can be a bargain if you book early enough, and if money's an issue, pass on buying wifi and hit up the Caffe Nero or Starbucks which are both nearby.   Did I…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very deceived by first impression ,"When you walk into this hotel it appears perfect, greeted by staff, appears absolutely a 4 star, but room was too small to even swing a cat...definitely not a 4 star..more like a 2/3 star...clean enough but facilities definitely a let down, better service at premier inn ! Bed average, ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for shopping Oxford street,We spent 2 days at Hotel and chose it on the basis of its central location - 2minutes from Tottenham court tube station and across the road from Primark and Oxford street. The rooms were clean but small. It was stuffy and we needed to keep the window open which made it a little noisy but not unbearably so. The hotel was busy in the heart of summer and we sometimes had to wait a little while for a lift. The Concierge service was great on our last day -sorting out luggage and taxi and generally very friendly. Overall it is a good tourist hotel with a great location.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central base,"Two adults, mum & daughter. We stayed here as we wanted a central location, & that was perfect for a girls weekend. The hotel is within walking distance of many bars, restaurants, shops & the tube. The reception was very clean & the staff were very helpful. Our room was quite small, but it had everything we needed, & was very clean. There was an odour in the corridors where the bedrooms were, which was rather unpleasant, but we couldn't smell it inside our room. We had lunch in the coffee shop, which was very tasty. We left our suitcase with the concierge the following day for a cost of £1.00. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely central base,Fabulous location close to everything you will want to see in Central London. Friendly staff and clean comfortable rooms.  My request at booking had been taken into consideration and I would definitely use again....and again.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break in London at St Giles Hotel,"Four adults (2 couples). We decided to have a short stay(3 nights) in London. Our main plan was to see one or two musicals, go on The London Eye, have a Thames cruise and perhaps visit a museum or two. The St Giles Hotel was the perfect choice for us. Most things were within walking distance. What a joy not having to use The Underground. We were not stuck out in some distant part of London wondering what time the last Tube was. We could easily walk up to our hotel at any time of the night, or if we felt lazy jump in a cab. During the day, if we wanted to go shopping, Oxford Street was only about 100 yards away. The hotel itself was more or less what we expected. On arrival we were easily checked in by a pleasant young lady and directed to the lifts which took us to our rooms on…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The best thing to say about this hotel is LOCATION. At least if you'r going shopping! Tottenham Court Rd., Oxford street and a tube station ""next door"". Covent Garden a ten minute walk away. Yes, it is defintely convenient. My room was small, but that didn't really bother me. I was however unable to close the window completely, and be aware - traffic noise and other noise from the street are quite extreme. Also, the wash basin in the bath room wasn't up to standard. I found them minor flaws because I only stayed one night. Reception staff and concierge staff mostly very nice. Bring your own map... I was given a photocopy when I asked for a map, very small and very blurry... I had breakfast around 7 am, no hassle so early in the morning. The breakfast restaurant is a bit dark and…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location!,"Although the rooms were small, ours was very well equipped and the air con unit was essential.  The staff were extremely helpful and friendly - when we were checked in, we were offered a room on a higher floor as the lower ones could get quite noisy.  While this wasn't necessary for us, it is great that the offer was made.  The only real complaint is about the lifts - there simply are not enough for a hotel of this size and we were often waiting in very hot lobbys for ages.  However, this is in a great location (2 mins walk from Tottenham Court Road underground and 10 from Euston) and is very good value for its position and London in general.  In addition, the 'Sage and Chilli' restaurant does exceptional and very well priced pizzas - perfect for a good meal before a show. …",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location ideal, room gets the job done","This hotel is located quite centrally, which is hugely helpful in London. My buddy and I enjoy walking and found walking to the major points of interest to be quite feasible. The room itself was a little older and not the biggest, but it served its purpose as a place to rest and get cleaned. Room did not have AC, something to be aware of if you stay during hotter months. Staff was very hospitable and helpful and enhanced my stay. Based on price and location definitely not a bad option for a stay in London ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hotels,"We have just come back from a show and Hotel in London, we stayed at the St Giles Classic Hotel in Bedford Avenue London near Tottenham Road. We were not disappointed our room was an Executive room and was spacious and spotless also we had breakfast which was excellent the staff are very good and will help you in any way nothing appears to much trouble. I do not understand how somebody,s review states it was appalling (maybe you get what you pay for)we would certainly stay there again it is very central to everything. We also think it should be a 4 star and not a three star hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, efficient hotel in an awesome location.","The St. Giles was certainly no Ritz-Carlton, but it was very clean and in an awesome location! Less than two minutes away from the Tottenham Court Rd underground station, within walking distance from The British Museum, Oxford St, Piccadilly Circus, and (if you're willing to hike a bit) Regent St. There are several great restaurants nearby and lots of shopping. The rooms are very small and not much to look at, but they did the job and are pretty typical of European hotels. No WiFi (unless you want to pay EXORBITANT amounts for craptastic internet), but the hotel bar has WiFi and there are plenty if cafés nearby where you can check e-mail/send an iMessage. There's also no A/C on the lower, cheaper floors, but there is a window and fan, and London weather is typically very mild.…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Truly appalling hotel - Zero ""stars""","Well I ended up staying in this facility with a group of work colleagues. Whilst it was relatively cheap it should have been much MUCH cheaper Room was tiny with no space around the bed It was incredibly hot The window opened about 2 inches When open it was incredibly noisy The room and particularly the carpet was ingrained dirty The en suite was minute with a no-power shower The ""furniture"" was more prisoner cell block H The swipe card key was attached to a giant plastic fob -not good for carrying around No chance will stay here again and will tell others to avoid ......awful!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect in many ways!,"St. Giles was really perfect for many reasons, mainly its location. Its a 1 minute walk to Oxford street (one of the biggest shopping streets in London) also, there is a metro (tube/underground) station right across from the hotel, as well as Sainsbury's (great supermarket).Also, Soho square (for nightlife fans) was just a 5-10 minute walk. We hung out at the bar at the hotel, service was nice. I've never had any meals at the hotel, just because I was such a fan of Pret a Manger (a big diner chain in London) that I ate breakfast there every day during my stay. The staff were very friendly, there was a vending machine right outside my room, I think there's one on every floor too. Also, the price for the room was very reasonable for a clean and well located hotel, I would…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired and Below Standard,"I've stayed in better budget hotels than this and certainly got more for my money. I'd have expected free wifi in all hotels by now but not here,  as those that need it for work are held to ransom  by extortionate Ibaan rates. There is no real air conditioning in the rooms, just some simple blower which runs loud enough to stop you sleeping and helps you forget how warm you are. I had a double room but it wasn't a double bed just two badly sprung ones cobbled together, which coupled with the lifeless pillows prevented a good night sleep....provided you forgot about the blower. Breakfast was sub standard, poor quality, almost mechanistic and understaffed and unable to cope with the numbers expected in a central London hotel. I will not return here.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great value for location,"Great hotel with easy access from heathrow journey takes about an hour by tube, take picadilly line to leister square then change to northern line to Tottenham court station . Stayed two nights, great location just off oxford street so ideal for shopping trip. Great breakfast, also good food in the evening. Staff very helpful  friendly, bar stayed open till 2. The rooms are a little small but for the amount of time spent in them not a problem. Would definetly stay again",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value,"Been here countless times and i've been satisfied with everything every time, apart from my last visit. The workers outside kept making noise way past midnight, so it was hard to sleep with the window open (which was necessary due to the overwhelming heat). Apart from that, everything has been perfect every time. Would recommend this hotel to all my friends!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,When we arrived we were upgraded to a suite at no extra expense. The room was comfortable with a seating area.There was another tv in the bathroom.The hotel is beside Oxford street and theatres.Breakfast was delicious and it was served to us. That was a surprise because usually breakfast is self served in most hotels.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,second anniversary theater break,"This hotel is very busy but a nice hotel, staff are professional and friendly, rooms are adequate for a one or two night stay, clean and comfortable, its about a 5/10 minute walk to the queens theater , lots of shops and coffee bars, lovely restaurants to, the breakfast in the hotel is buffet style with lots to choose from,  we would definitely return to this hotel in the future",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Surprised,"After reading reviews saying the location was brilliant but the hotel was lacking in its standards I expected just that. What we found however was that the hotel was absolutely fine. We booked a standard double which had a small bedroom and a separate lounge area. Very comfortable, nice touches with the latte glasses rather than the standard hotel coffee mugs. There is an ironing room so we could spruce up our clothes after unpacking. Didn't try the breakfast as we went ot to a café just around the corner. We will use this hotel next time we come up for a weekend break.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Trip to London,"We were in London to meet with friends, the hotel stay was very pleasant and the breakfast was very tasty. Our room was clean and tidy the space was a bit tight but as this was just for sleeping it was perfect. staff we're exceptionally helpful.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and breakfast,"We stayed for one night and wanted a budget hotel in a location near St Pancreas, Portland Place and the Embankment.   The room, a triple on the eighth floor was small and would have been a bit chlostrophobic if we had needed the pull down bed, but was fine for two. It was clean and had a kettle, tea and coffee, a hairdryer, fan and small TV. The en suite shower room was small, but the water piping hot and the shower pressure impressive.  The breakfast was better than w e expected and had cereals, yoghurts, fruit, cold ham, cheese, bread rolls, croissants and a hot buffet so no complaints on that score.  Central location near the British Museum and theatres at a reasonable price for London.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London gem,The hotel is modern and clean. There is tea and coffee but unfortunately it was not replenished which was a pity. We had breakfast on the go which was a waste of time as eating as I walk is not my idea of fun. There is however some great eateries within a short walk. Logistically the hotel is excellent just a stroll from the tube station and near the British natural history museum. We were spoilt for choice for restaurants in the evening. We will definitely return,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,short break in london,"My daughter and I recently spent a few days in london. We stayed at St Giles Hotel, Bedford Avenue. The twin bedded room was small but very clean and beds were comfortable. Bathroom small but clean and adequate. Toilets flushed no problems there. Lifts were fairly busy. Walked up stairs once being on 6th floor once was enough. Breakfast was good we went about 9 - 9.15 which appeared to be a good time not so busy. Very satisfied with our stay there hotel was very central. Tube station very near also. Would probably stay again. Sylvia - Scottish Borders",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"Stayed with a large group of friends for a birthday celebration. The location is fantastic, the rooms were very clean and the shower was good. The hotel bar 'Hudsons' is really great with a good selection of food and cocktails (happy hour 5pm-7pm) and stayed open very late. I found the staff very helpful and we had a great stay here-I would recommend it!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for a short break,"Great location, within walking distance of Euston. About 10 mins walk away. Room was clean, not huge but comfortable. We had high floor. Appeared to be refurbed room. Didn't have breakfast at hotel. Room had kettle, tea/coffee available. Hair dryer available. Concierge services i.e. bag storage was efficient - £1 per bag.  Check in staff were helpful & very pleasant. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,weekend treat,have stayed here before and it was just as good as before. The front desk staff were fantastic we had a couple of isuses with the room and these were sorted staight away top effort.The hotel is handy for most atractions. The only downside to the hotel is that the rooms are small.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St. Giles London,"The hotel has a very good location, just next to Tottanham Court Road tube station and 2 minutes from Oxford street. The price is also good for London. However, my room was so tiny, that I literally could not open my suitcase there! The shower cabin was also tiny. The worst thing was that the hotel did not provide free wifi in the room! However, I should note that I arrived at the hotel before the check-in time and I was given a room immediately without an extra pay, very much appreciated!",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location,"After reading lots of reviews we weren't sure what to expect, but to be honest we thought it was what it was, cheap and cheerful. A great location, so close to so many amenities. Our room was fairly small and looked out over the main street, very noisy with the window open and there was a wall mounted fan to cool the room, again very noisy. Overall though, you get what you pay for, The room was clean and plenty of tea/coffee making options, The bathroom was clean with plenty of toilet rolls, plus a box of tissues, clean white towels which were replaced daily. A good hairdryer provided too. We thought it was a good hotel, the staff on reception were very helpful and we used the consierge service to store our suitcases after check out. The lifts were slow but we weren't in any…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very enjoyable stay. ,"Yes, the room was a bit small. That said, we wanted somewhere to sleep not throw a party. Nicely decorated, lots of hot water when needed and quiet considering its location. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Buffet breakfast was enjoyable. This hotel provided us with everything we needed from our trip. Would definitely recommend and stay again. ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but functional,"Great position, just off Tottenham Court Road. Fantastic for West End. Bed would have been v cramped for two, but the room was exceptionally clean and functional. There was a fan in the wardrobe, but the modern windows opened fine. Didn't have the a Coffee and Go because it looked manic up there. Fantastic new outside bar attached to hotel- the only downside? The outside bit is only licensed until 10pm. Because it was so hot would have been lovely to sit out for longer. Staff at hotel smiley and helpful. V happy for purpose of visit ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,worst room I have ever stayed in!,"First of all, I did not realize that air conditioning was an amenity so that was a mistake on my part. We were given a small fan but it was really hot and after a day of touring and walking, a hot hotel room is not what you want.  Our carpet was sticky and the molding around the floor looked like ""mold-ing"".  The bed must have been from the time of ""Henry VIII"" and the springs poked constantly. There are 4 elevators, but they are small and there was always a wait. The included breakfast is awful--no taste at all.  We complained twice to the front desk about our bed and were given a form to fill out. Wow--that really helped.  Since we've been home, the hotel has called us several times to see how they could make it up to us. But they did nothing while we were there! I told them…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
4126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for the central location,"We have stayed here in the past and were pleased to note that refurbishment had taken place and this hotel offers good value for its central location There is more space in the breakfast area and it is worth taking a table further from the buffet area which is quieter and less crowded The room was very clean, no frills but functional There was a problem on arrival as a leak on one level meant that a twin room was unavailable even though we had booked some weeks ahead. We were given a family room and the duty manager explained the problem and took us up to the room himself Wifi is not inclusive but moderate cost .Would stay again",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"""tiny rooms poor service""",it was the worst experience during my last trip to Europe tiny rooms with small beds and complete lack of storage for our belongings  poor quality in breakfasts  unfriendly staff in the reception  the only advantage was the good location,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Location,"The location of the hotel was fab, only a minutes walk from the tube station and a few minutes walk from Oxford Street, we walked everywhere as the location was ideal. Rooms were small but adequate, they were clean. Perfect if you're just looking for somewhere to stay, we were there four nights and just used the hotel to sleep in. Perfect, I would definitely recommend this hotel and I'll be definitely returning here. Staff were pleasant and helpful. ",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The cats are safe - no room to swing one in the St Giles !,"Business meeting in London. Convenient location a few hundred yards from Tottenham court road tube, near to the theatres. Corporate rate was <£100 so not bad value. Room clean and tidy however definitely not suited to the claustrophobic ! No air con which in the airless room and a hot London wasn't great - open the window (good double glazing) and you get noise ! Bathroom measured about 4ft square - lean over the sink and your backside is against the wall ! Watch out for the hot water - definitely hot ! Shower over the bath failed to produce the water except part through the bath connection and either scolding or cold - be prepared to move quickly !",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, would be overpriced if not in London","Stayed 3 nights upon arrival in London.  Just around corner from tube station (but no escalators if you're dragging luggage), easy walk to West End theaters, British Museum two blocks away.  Rooms are small but well-appointed except for air-conditioning; did find a circulating fan in closet, but only accidentally discovered it myself.. Room had coffee (instant - heated water only) maker. Nice TV but only a few channels.  Very crowded hotel where it can take quite a while to get an elevator. Ditto breakfast - very extensive selection, food and service decent, but long lines.  Internet service strong and constant BUT charged 10 pounds per 24 clock hours.  Hudson's restaurant and pub has nice atmosphere, good food and spirits.  Typical downtown London noise with window open (no…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate for what was needed,"This hotel is more than adequate if you’re looking for somewhere just to rest your head. Service was absolutely fine, rooms a bit on the small size, but to be honest, big enough for one or two with somewhere to hang clothes, etc. Rooms were very warm, but fans were provided – just as well as it was very noisy if windows were opened. Room could’ve done with a bit of TLC towards the edges and a vacuum that reached into corners, but en suite was very clean.   Excellent location, friendly staff.   Only problem was the housekeeping staff ignoring the ""Do Not Disturb"" sign hanging on the door on my second day there (I was booked in til the next day).",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location,Very good location  near oxford street and the metro station. Many supermarkets and restaurants nearby the hotel .  Small rooms and not very good air condition and small bathroom . Good stuff service  Good room service  ,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good price for location,"Hi, I've been in this hotel twice, and have never disappointed. The best location- 3 minutes from oxford street, near Tottenham Court road. Very clean and nice rooms. Service is good. I think it is a best choice!",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb Location and Nice Hotel,"Selected this hotel for our annual lads reunion. The hotel is superbly located right next to Tottenham Court Road Tube. All the staff were friendly and efficient. Yes the rooms are small, but who spends long in a hotel room in London?  The hotel offered  an excellent BB rate. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy for tube & shopping,"The hotel is about 2 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube and very close to Oxford Street so its location is great. The room was clean but overlooked the street and it was very noisy with the window open.  It was very hot in the room and the air conditioning was abysmal. Luckily there was a fan provided so we had that on through the night. The shower cubicle had nowhere for your toiletries. Staff were very helpful and the breakfast was good - excellent choice of cereals, fruit and full English breakfast fare - though mushrooms were not on offer.  Concierge service for leaving luggage. We had the use of the YMCA facilities attached to the hotel - nice pool! You have to pay £5 to use the facilities - the hotel staff forgot to tell us that we'd need £1 for the use of a…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, excellent price!","Just returned from 2 nights at St Giles and I've already booked up for 4 nights end of November! Can't believe the price for the location, literally just off Oxford St, roughly 15 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Sq and Trafalgar Sq. Perfect! I've never do e so much walking in 3 days in my entire life!! We used to stay on Canary Wharf so we weren't very local to Central London, this was excellent! We'd go for breakfast in Leicester Sq, few hours walk around, visit the shops & go back to the hotel for a rest, freshen up and back out again till around 9pm.   The hotel check in was swift as it was quiet when we arrived, sometimes we noticed queues but I've seen worse. I was slightly put off after reading reviews on here about the rooms but our room was fine! Yes it…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","For the size of the hotel, the elevators are too small and too slow. If you have a room on the lower floors, take the stairs!   Breakfast is plain, and the capacity of the breakfast hall poor. Consider going out for breakfast. It'll cost you less, but also leave you less full.  The room was okay to sleep in, but not really of a size to relax in between ""battles"". The bathroom door was poorly fitted, and probably woke up much of the floor when opened/closed.  The hotel has an Awesome location, though! :)",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Decent tourist hotel, good location","Very convenient by foot or Tube to central London.  Rooms are small but adequate.  Elevators are slow and small, so avoid rush times.  Downstairs bar is quite nice.  Breakfast is full English but below average for UK hotels I've visited; powdered eggs and juices are the low points.  Bathrooms and beds were not as clean as one would hope, either.  For the price and location, not a bad deal.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel.  Great Location,Stayed here recently and was pleasantly surprised how good the hotel is considering it is situated in Central London.  Based on the corner of Oxford street it is good value for money and I will continue to use on any/all my visits to london.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A Very Good Hotel, Perfect Location","Ok, my room was not to big, but it was perfectly adequate for one person. Spotless and shiny room, the only thing I missed during my stay was a mini fridge in my room, not a big deal since there is ice makers on every floor. I have been to London many times and have usually stayed in the Paddington area, from now on St. Giles is my new favorite hotel and I will guaranteed be back! Perfect location and a very good hotel for its price!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrific value in central London,"I've stayed here almost every time I've visited London in the past couple of years and I find it difficult to fault for the money. Okay, the rooms may be a little on the small side, but they have everything necessary for an overnight (or two) stay. The beds are comfortable, the heating adequate, the shower and toilet facilities are fine, if a little cramped. Okay it may not have free wifi and it may look a little worn around the edges, but the staff are all very helpful and friendly, and as long as you aren't expecting the spacious luxury of a £300 per night hotel, you won't be disappointed. To be able get a hotel in this location - the corner of Oxford St and Tottenham Court Rd - for this money is amazing.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location in London,"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights on a business trip, but accompanied by my wife. We found the hotel to be excellently located around the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station and very easy to get to. The room was ideal for our needs and had a good view over London. Breakfast was good and we found the hotel to be a good base for me to get to my meetings and my wife to meet friends. The only annoying factor was that the lifts seemed rather slow and erratic. We would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,looks poor from the ou'tside,"and its no better on the inside! the east block is like a prison cell, worn and tatty very small,  the bed is uncomfortable and the air conditioning is a fan on top of the wardrobe! The staff did not impress on checking too bust talking with each other rather than provide a service! breakfast was not good and the small corridor to the room is like something from the sixties. go elsewhere",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,location great but bugs galore!,"I don't like complaining but I feel as though this is something I cannot ignore. I'll begin with the good points; the location was great, close to all the shops etc, and buffet breakfast had a good selection but not so much for vegetarians. Concierge were very friendly at the front desk. The 24 hour diner was great.   Unfortunately that is where my praises end. My single room for one night was not very clean, neither was my mother's. First thing I discovered was a quick moving red/brown insect on the drinks tray and thought this was a one off, but this was not the case. many of these insects which i suspect are bedbugs were crawling over the bedside desk, information booklet, drinks tray and even on the bathroom floor and toilet handle. Bed sheets where badly stained. my…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"A good central location. The staff are friendly arrived before standard checking time and was told my room was already sorted. The room i had was on the 3rd floor no small mini bar or fridge which would have been nice but no worries. An electric fan is provided if room gets warm ,these hotels are quite old so not all rooms come with air con. Overall a good hotel to stay in for an easy access to underground st, and just off oxford street i wouls stay again .",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"I was introduced to the St Giles by friends who'd stayed there before .... I will be staying there again! It is located just off the Tottenham Court Rd & Oxford St, so it's perfectly placed for shopping, theaters and right next to a tube station which can get you just about anywhere. I found it a bit quirky, but pleasantly so.  They have a deal with the restaurant next door (accessed by a door next to the concierge desk), which entitles you to a free breakfast if you choose an executive room.  There is also a breakfast bar if you prefer a quick croissant, coffee & run.  There are also many restaurants of various persuasions very close. My room was quite spacious, and so was the bathroom.  I did not like the idea of the door key being used to operate the lights.  I realize this…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2nd visit,Every year we come back to this hotel and have a fantastic time! The staff are friendly helpful. The hotel rooms ain't massive but they don't need to be. The hotel is centrally located and it's perfect to visit all popular landmarks. The Hudson's house bar located in hotel is brilliant great staff. We will be back next year ,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in the centre of London,"Have stayed at this hotel numerous times when visiting London. The location is excellent, two minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube station and round the corner from Oxford Street so you aren't far from bars/restaurants.  The reception area is very welcoming with friendly and efficient staff. The rooms are very small but clean, and the bathroom is also very small with not much room to move about it, but again very clean. The rooms can be a bit noisy depending on which side of the hotel you are situated. But given the location and price, you can't really complain. Wifi available at £10 for 24 hours.  Breakfast is the standard affair. Cooked English breakfast, cereals, fresh fruits all available as well as tea/coffee/fruit juice. I usually go for the cooked food which is tasty…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"Just got back yesterday from London. My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. Staff were friendly and professional, we arrived at 10.30am and we were able to check in early which was great for us, the room was plenty big enough for us and all the shopping we bought whilst there. The hotel was really clean and the breakfast we had was very nice. We ate in the hotel restaurant one evening and the food was amazing, would highly recommend this hotel. It's location is perfect!! So easy to access and so close to many things, many of the places we visited were within walking distance and the tube station was ideally  situated for us to travel to the attractions a little further away Would definitely stay again",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,DISAPPOINTING TO SAY THE LEAST,"A huge hotel - but my bedroom was extremely poor.  VERY small, extremely hot and noisy. Couldn't open the window to get fresh air as my room was situated on top of the hotels air conditioning fans. It would have been nice to have some AC in my bedroom but alas !!  The bed was tired.  No matter which side I tried to sleep on I always ended up in the middle.  New mattress needed badly. The Continental breakfast was surprisingly good but on reflection - I won't be back (sorry) ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Just recently stayed at St Giles hotel for the first time and I would defiantly stay again. Its situated in the centre of London with just a minutes walk to the tube station and to Oxford Street. Rooms were a little on the small side but as there is so much to do and see in London you're barely in your room. Room was very clean, although there wasn't any air con you were provided with a fan.   Staff pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was good but would recommend to to before peak times as it gets busy. Overall excellent hotel and I would stay again. ",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,On Bended Knee,"After a grueling flight from Western Australia we were greeted by a friendly doorman who arranged for our luggage to be taken up to our room. A quick registration and we were relaxing in our nice, neat and clean room. We didn't have a bad thing to say about this hotel and with it being sited in WC1 in the heart of London everything that we wanted to do was in easy reach.   It prompted a proposal of marriage which was accepted.  I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for somewhere to stay in the centre of London at a reasonable price.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and great stay!,"Saw some bad reviews of the hotel's standard room on TripAdvisor, hence we decided to book their Deluxe Twin Room (St Giles Central London was our top choice as we love its location and it was the cheapest among the hotels located in prime location).  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The room has a small ""separate"" room where you can put your luggage and do some unpacking and packing. The sound proof from the traffic noise outside of the hotel was good as we were not subjected to any disturbances (with window closed). However, we do can hear noise from the common corridor of the hotel but we were lucky to have nice (quiet) neighbour :) As mentioned earlier on, we love the location of the hotel. It is near to Oxford Street, famous for shopping and near to one of…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"This hotel is very central,right at the end of Oxford street. Great place to stay for exploring London. Staff were friendly and breakfast (which was not included in our price) was good.  Rooms were clean but a bit on the small size  You had to pay for wifi and the leisure centre which is why they lost a mark ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and very cheerful,"My first stay at this hotel and can't wait for the next in 2 weeks time. Nothing bad to say about it except there's no air con in rooms,which,being London that wasn't a massive problem.Less than fifty quid a night per person,good location great staff. If you want air con and a snootier place to stay,try the Kenilworth which is 2 minutes walk away..........and pay 3 times the price.Well done St Giles hotel,Take a bow.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No complains,"Very good location in Central London and comes with a good price too. The room is small but it's London and for the price of the hotel, pretty reasonable. No issues with lift or noise. The room and shower is very clean. The fan provided by the hotel is very handy as it was very hot in London at that time. The restaurant right next door currently has a promotion of 50% off all foods so paying £9 for a rib eye steak, we can't complain! We were given rooms on the second floor but no problems with noise. Recommended if you're looking for no frills, budget hotel in London with excellent location. Tottenham Court Road tube station is only 200m away from the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location but small rooms,"It's in a great spot next to Tottenham Court tube station and the British Museum.  There are lots of places to eat nearby and very close to the shows.  It's also near Oxford St and Piccadilly Circus.  The breakfast is plentiful and good quality.  Rooms are small like most London hotels but clean and comfortable, some may find them too small. There is no wifi except you can go down to the HudsonHouse restaurant next to the lobby after 12 noon and use it for free. The main drawback in our room on the 9th floor was no aircon. It must get very uncomfortable in summer.  They did give us a small electric fan which we kept running all night ( I was a bit worried we would burn out the motor).  Although you can open the window it is so noisy from the roads and police sirens, etc we had…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fair tourist hotel well placed in central London,"Stayed there for 4 days, simple check-in, and basic rooms, breakfast is typical but a bit ""cantina"" that said the food were ok and you always got a smile from the staff. The room can be a bit hot when the weather is that and there are no AC. There are no free Wifi and the service cost to get it is ridiculous, but most cafe's and pubs do have free Wifi.  Would we stay there again ??? your right yes we would, it's placed central, easy access to the Sub and the price match the service.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,"A very good value hotel centrally based for visiting London. Reception staff were welcoming and efficient. Small but very clean room, comfy beds with extras pillows, great shower, constant hot water with gel and soap provided. Tea and coffee tray full, clean kettle and china. The tv had good reception and WiFi was available. There were plenty of meal options available in the hotel if wanted. One down side, the lifts were awful, slow and very small for the size of the hotel. Breakfast was freshly cooked, served buffet style with plenty of choice, lashing of tea and coffee with hot buttered toast just off the grill. What more could you want and yes we will definitely be staying again.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for Tourists,"We had a good 5 days in London and used St. Giles Classic. It's best quality is it's location just a minute from Tottenham Court Road underground station. The rooms are simple, small with standard facilities and clean. The bed takes-up the majority of the floor space, there is no cupboard but an open rack, TV, kettle etc. The ensuite shower/toilet is small but has the necessary facilities. One day we returned and there were no large towels but were replaced within minutes of asking. If you require a simple, VFM and clean hotel in a very good location to all London's tourist spots this is the hotel for you.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"Stayed here June 2014, this was my first visit to this hotel and I was pleased with my stay. The bed was comfortable and the shower was very good, the room was clean with tea and coffee facilities and some biscuits to go with them. Flat screen tv with freeview etc. would stay here again as it is a perfect base for Central London attractions. The breakfast was ok too.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good base for shopping, very central!","Stayed here for 3 nights with my mate. Paid £299 for a double room without breakfast. At that price we couldn't complain, we didn't have brekkie but there's enough places to eat surrounding the hotel.   Yes the room we stayed in was small, but bathroom and room was spotlessly clean and if like us you only wanted a base to get your head down then why not. It was quite noisy come 6am but to be fair, you're in the middle of London! The hotel itself has a couple of bars attached, nice place and the staff are great.  Anyway, if you want to go shopping on Oxford Street/Regent Street, have a mooch around Soho etc then you're literally a 2 minute walk from there. Probably the most central hotel you will come across. If like us you're a bit nervous about getting the tube (country…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed,"We had a small standard room on first floor, overlooking the street.the heads of the beds are level with passage to door therefore every bit of corridor and door noise is transferred inside. Why not turn beds around?? The staff are nice, the location is good, big renovations at Tottenham Court road tube station ATM so noisy, can't be helped . What is amazing is that you have to pay extra for Wi Fi in this hotel?  I don't know enough about other London hotels to know if this is the norm or not, maybe I will make a better choice next time. Also there is no air con in room and window only opens a few inches so very hot overnight. There was a tiny desktop fan to plug in but no suitable table to put it on.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,glad it was only 2days,on arrival we were given our keys and told your booking entitles you to 3 items from the breakfast to go menu????? We thought lets get to our room unpack and look into what that means later. After waiting for ages for a lift which was always busy and mostly full we got to the room 426 opened the door and I could of cried my cleaning cupboard at home is bigger than this room all dark décor tiny window only opens a few inches and have to stand on bed to get past each other.  We Went straight downstairs and asked to change rooms as I felt claustrophobic and couldn't stay there the receptionist said ok and gave me keys to 342 to look at which was just the same we came back down and explained that we were not sure if she had understood what we ment when we said a bigger room she said…,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"The St Giles is an ideal tourist hotel in central London, one block away from the Tottenham Court Underground, walking distance to Covent Garden and the West End theaters. The hotel is comfortable, clean and good value for London. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,Location Location Location is the best thing about this hotel ideal for shops and theatres.There is a car park around the back for which you can get a discount. The staff were friendly and the rooms clean.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Go there!!,"St Giles was much more than we expected. Very helpful staff! Superb breakfast! Very clean and fresh room! The location could not be better! Walk four minutes to the right and you have a busstop! Walk  four minutes to the left an you have the underground there. Superb! For all this we payed a ridiculous low price!  All this, and yet only four points? The room were a bit small and the elevators was out of order to often. The stairs was not easy to find. But over all: Go there!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good clean rooms bit small but good,"Stayed here 22 may 2014 was clean and friendly , small rooms but good standard.  Will stay agin and has car parking .  We were happy with everything . Everything you need for overnight stay and good location.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good,"We chose the St Giles hotel as recommended by friends for position to theatres. The position is excellent for all tourist sites, shows and restaurants. The staff were very helpful particularly the concierge. The rooms are small, we chose a basic double but clean and good size bathroom. The cost was very good considering the position and London generally being expensive. We loved London and would stay at St Giles again. Highly recommend this hotel",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location! Great Desk Staff! Decent price for central London.,"The title says it all!  Stayed for 2 nights and found the room to be clean, comfortable and relatively quiet for a city centre hotel.  Hotels in London are not cheap, so this one can be considered to be good value when you take into account that it is a few minutes walk from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road Tube Station.  The desk staff were friendly and efficient, even though extremely busy.  Would have not hesitation in recommending and would be happy to book again!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"We chose this hotel based on location and it's perfect as a base for getting around London!rooms are pretty small but not too bad! No free wifi which is a major negative for us as we rely on it a lot for maps,finding places to eat, things to do etc. Also communication is very poor. I e-mailed a week in advance asking for some advice on getting from the airport to the hotel and never got a response. ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean and comfortable, excellent location","I stayed here in May 2011 (Yep, am writing the review quite late!), but better late than never :)  This hotel is nice, clean and comfortable. I visited on business, and stayed here for five days. The best part is the location, right on Tottenham Court Road, and a minute's walk from the T.C. Road tube station and Oxford Street.  Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. Buffet breakfast was good too, though it was the same every day -- although the variety was good enough for me!  I'd stay here again. You could choose this hotel if you don't need luxury but are ok with clean and comfortable rooms and want to be near a tube station - especially in central London! The location is a HUGE plus. The restaurant is good too, I don't remember the name, but we had an official party…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor hotel,"I stayed her one night. Had a deluxe room, but rooms are still very small. Beds are too soft, but the really worst is that the hotel is extremely noisy. People arriving at all time of night and a lot of noise during the night. Will never stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The Right value,"I stayed with my son for 4 nights at June 2014. The staff was very friendly and helpful, breakfast was good (somewhat monotonic). The room is small but if you only sleep in it and spend most of the time touring the city - it doesn't matter. Shampoo is missing. Of course great location. Overall: the right price for the value. ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, but nothing more...","After being out working in Stratford and staying at the local, but still excellent Holiday Inn Express, I got a day off and stayed at this place due to its excellent location. The rooms are worn and with filthy carpets, which I knew since staying here many times before. This time I got a room on 12th floor, which meant I had to change elevator at 11th floor for something that could not take more than one really slim person with a bag. No claustrophobia here please...Room was really worn, although the bathroom looked renovated. But the fixture was done in the most cheap way, which means that in a year or so it will just look shabby...I should not really be too critical about this place. Its quite ""cheap""  for the location and I knew about the standard since many times before, but…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and friendly hotel in a perfect location !!,Have just returned from a 4 night stay ... The room was a decent size for 2 people and perfectly clean and serviced well. This hotel is in a perfect location for sightseeing and shopping and would thoroughly recommend . ,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money in very expensive London,"Great location just by Tottenham Court Rd station, small but reasonable rooms with tea coffee and TV, most importantly the price is almost unbeatable for this area for what you get. If you want better then be prepared to fork out many hundreds more. I stayed in the minute room 241 which was perfect for one night.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"My daughter and I stayed at this hotel from 21 may to 25 may 2014.  Just around the corner from Tottenham Court tube, it was so central to everything.  Sure the rooms were very 70's in decoration and the bathrooms were small but who stays in their hotel when you are in London.  We walked everywhere and it was around the corner from Oxford Street with amazing shopping.  The beds were comfy and when it got warm, I just opened the window.  Didn't have breakfast but the staff were very helpful so I would definitely stay here again.  Had wi fi which was also a plus.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just ok,"Fantastic location , however I would pay extra to have somewhere with air con. It was terribly hot in the bedrooms and in the restaurant at breakfast, uncomfortably so, I really would not book here during summer months. As others have said its a very very busy hotel and the lifts are dreadfully slow. It was clean enough but rooms are very small. Breakfast was just ok coffee was dreadful though. ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,exelent hotel in central london,"this was our third visit to st giles and I really cant fault  the rooms or the breakfast. However because of its central location and reasonable prices it is always very very busy. The queue for breakfast at 9.30 was massive but to be fair it did clear quickly and the food is plentiful and varied with very efficient staff clearing tables and topping up the food. We were also rather pleased to get a n upgrade in the room which we did not request, it was a lot bigger and the beds were increibly comfortable and we even had a fridge and armchairs in a separate part of the room. The only disadvantage we found is that there are not enough lifts  to deal with the sheer volume of guests so you often have to wait quite a while to get up or down from your room. However for the price I…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reception or is this faulty tower back again???,If your experience of English service is Faulty Towers then maybe this will not be a bad surprise for you. I tried to ring the hotel to pay for a room and was told reception does not take payments after 9pm. Well it is well known london goes to sleep early and no one would want to be out after 9... I maybe showed my surprise a bit too openly but was not rude. I did not think it was the done thing to hang up on someone trying to pay for a room!,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
4182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but.....,St Giles is very well situated for the West End theatres and Oxford St. A very popular hotel by the fact it is very busy and the location is great. However the bedrooms are very small and extremely hot with only limited ventilation from a partial opening window. Our bathroom was also the smallest we had ever used. We booked via booking.com but on checking in we only had 1 breakfast to go for one person although B&B was booked on line for 2 people. Reception were not helpful in rectifying this fault. Suggest phoning the hotel direct to book so you know what you are getting. Although rooms were clean and had a free safe they do need a refurb. It certainly does not live up to what should be expected from a 4* hotel.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,not bad overall,"Good reception service, decent bar but a little pricey for what is really a cheap hotel.beds comfy , tea and coffee making stuff and most things you would need .bathroom looked like it had had a recent upgrade so no problems there.main fault in room was that it was very hot having no air con like many others have in this price range.The corridors and layoutare a little maze like, and I could  see this being a problem for elderly people or not so mobile.the lifts take ages to arrive. The breakfast was good but I got it in with the deal, if I had to pay the 9.95 probably it wouldn't have tasted so good as there were 3 of us ! . Location is handy with Tottenham Court Road tube just around the corner.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Firstly we were surprised after reading so many bad reviews how nice this hotel actually was. Normally we wouldn't book a hotel with bad reviews but Myself and My Sister just wanted a cheap hotel to rest our heads as we were seeing Katy Perry and knew we wouldn't be spending to much time in The Hotel. The location is perfect as you just get The tube to Tottenham Court. On arrival check in was great and the lady was very attentive and upgraded us to the newer rooms free of charge. Our room was spacious, plasma tv and all the amenities we would need for our trip even a kettle with tea and coffee and a hairdryer. We didn't have a fridge though. The room was very clean. The only issues we had were that the walls were very thin, so we could hear a lot of people in the hallway in the…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Is this a hotel?,"Yes, the location is good for London, but the area is full of hotels so check around before booking here.  This is a hotel? from hell.  I heard it was a former YMCA.  This is not a 3 star hotel, more like 2 1/2 and I am being generous. Slow lifts, often broken down. Tiny rooms, hardly room to turn around.  My single bed had a very soft mattress and was not comfortable, so I did not sleep well. The linens had seen better days.  The window opened approx. 8"" only and then you had noise from the streets.  Was glad it was cool when I was there.  I hate to imagine what it is like in the heat.The bathroom was a cubby hole.  When you turned the shower on you had to hold the shower head away from you, as it sprayed the floor next to the toilet.  No way to adjust the shower head either.…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
4186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for Central London,"Great location for Central London!  A friend and I stayed here for three nights in a . Admittedly, it's a small room, but if you're in the city the biggest part of the day, it's not a problem. It has what you need, extra pillows, extra blankets, tea, etc., and even a little fan for the warm summer nights.  Also a great location, close to the British Museum, and Tottenham Court Road underground station (which the Central and Northern line stop). Also Sainsbury's, and some great pubs just a few minutes walk. New Oxford Street is around the corner for some shopping.  All in all, a good place, for a reasonable price. Next time definitely a strong contender for a return trip to London.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy hotel,"This hotel is in a very good location, close to shops theatres ect. very clean room, we were on 7th floor,lifts were very slow waiting a long time each time. don't count on having a good nights sleep you can hear a lot of noise in corridors from other quests walking and doors banging,  I heard cleaners at 7am walking and banging there trollies up and down the corridor and very busy street to, breakfast was average wasn't hot enough for me but had a good choice. I wanted to use the gym swimming pool bellow hotel but for me and my son it would of cost £5 each, to expensive for a swim. Nice friendly staff very clean hotel.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,IF ITS CHEAP AND NOT SO CHEERFUL YOU WANT...,Very small bedroom and the smallest bathroom I have ever had to use.Breakfast is well below acceptable..and its in a cafeteria like I remember from school.. It is a backpacker retreat is how I would describe it...loads of yoofs with big bags cluttering and blocking all entries and exits Location is its saving grace..and tube on the doorstep £5 a time to use the pool... The carpark is one you would use only once...its like the batcave...all very narrow and tight with the walls all jagged and threatening...you would struggle to get a Smart car in and out without scratching it.AVOID carpark at all costs ..unless you fancy a repair bill If your of very limited means and not really particular what you put in your mouth and have really good eyes to watch the postage stamp of a TV and…,Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,MR & MRS D,"We have stayed at this hotel many times in the past few years but we will never be staying here again. It used to be very nice and the staff were very helpful and would even go out of their way to assist you, not any more. This ""hotel"" has turned into a hostel. The staff are very rude and will do nothing for you whatsoever. We will given a room on the 3rd floor and even though we informed the hotel that we would be leaving early and ordered a taxi, the hotel never informed the taxi company.  Our neighbours in the hotel were shouting at the tops of their voices to each other most of the night but security turned a blind eye. We booked a double room but it was tiny and the air conditioning did not work so we were given a fan to keep us cool.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ideal location, professional staff and comfy beds","Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights, really easy to find as I am not familiar with London. Reception staff efficient , the adjoining casino is worth a visit! The single rooms are quite small but to be fair did not spend much time in it.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Recently stayed at the St Giles when attending a gig at the 100 club on Oxford Street. The hotel is only a few minutes away from the venue and very close to Tottenham Court Rd Tube Station. Some good pubs in the area and within walking distance of loads of shops.   The check in at the hotel went very smoothly despite it being really busy, or room was available early. The rooms themselves all appear to be on the small side, that said it was nice and clean.We dropped off our bags and where out all day and quite late at night so the room size didn't really matter to us anyway.  All in all we had no problems whatsoever, and due to the location and the decent (isn) price for central London anyway, we would definitely stop at the St Giles again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,small room,"stayed here for one night ,great location ,very friendley & helpful staff, we booked a double room ,got to say we were very disappointed with it ,it was so small & very hot so had to leave window open which we couldnt sleep as it was so noisey outside, bed wasnt very comfy ,too small & hard, breakfast was good,we also had an evening meal which was good & the staff very helpful ,overall a good hotel except for the bedrooms.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"We have stayed at the St. Giles on several occasions over the years, our latest trip was on the 24th May 2014. The hotel is reasonably close to Covent Garden and Leicester Square and reasonably priced, hence we stay there. However the hotel is showing it's age now and could do with a refurbishment. We used the on site bar and the 24hr restaurant on the ground floor, the bar was good, the 24 hour restaurant we used for breakfast which was ok, the omelette was a bit lacking in flavour and a bit tough on texture. The staff are helpful enough and pleasant enough. We will stay there again, but I do hope they redecorate some time soon.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK Hotel,"I stayed here because the Hotel Russell, where I usually stay,  was fully booked but this hotel is nowhere near the quality of the Russell. The location is good but the hotel is only adequate. The building is 'classic' 1970's and the rooms are small but OK and while there are tea and coffee making facilities in the room there is no iron in the room and you have to go an ironing room on the 2nd floor(!) It has pretensions of being a top class hotel but the quality is not good enough. I cannot comment on the breakfast as it is cheaper to go to Garfunkel's or Café Rouge nearby and get a good breakfast there instead but the Italian/Asian restaurant in the hotel has good quality food and reasonable prices (for London)  The location is outstanding and you can get discount on the multi…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed march 2013 as part off a package tour hotel great location staff ok only thing was food my 5 year old daughter was with us and we ended up at McDonald's 1 night and then kfc the next night not any English food , was Chinese and Italian looked at both menus wasnt anything which she could have and couldn't find any member off staff to speak to so went out would stay again just next time will research restaurants around the area to go to !! ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St. Giles - great location,"We stayed here last December 2013.   Our room was clean but a little cramped. We had a challenging time hanging all our heavy clothes every time we would get back to the hotel. There was a tiny dressing area with a table which was helpful as we planned out our day.  The bathroom was cramped too. The shower was quite awkward in terms of space. Although I guess this is expected in Central London. The beds were too soft but clean.  The staff was very polite and helpful in assisting us with the information we needed.   It was quite pricey for the type of room we had, breakfast wasnt inlcuded, as well as wifi access.  Overall the hotel was average but the location was excellent. It was walking distance Oxford Street, where all the shops are. The bus stops are near as well as the tube…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An over priced dump that doesn't care about customers,"Stayed here one night, mainly due to it being over a third of the price of petty much any other hotel nearby, It's a noisy hotel seemingly popular with large tour groups etc. There were only two lifts working which meant wasting iup to 10/15 mins at a time waiting for a lift. I was on the 9th floor so had to keep going to and down the stairs simply as it was quicker than taking the lift! The lifts themselves could only take a couple of skinnny people and one large couple were shamed into having to get out when the lift attendant said bluntly ""sorry madam we're too heavy"".  The room was stuffy and hot; there's no air con so the window was the only ventilation but that could only be opened a fraction. And because it's central london the noise ALL night is a pain. So you either…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good single room in good location,"I stayed here recently for 5 nights in a single room. I wasn't expecting anything too great for £85 a night in central London but was pleasantly surprised. Okay there's no air conditioning and it can be noisy outside plus you have to pay for Wi-Fi, but that said I had a perfectly adequate room for one, clean and comfortable bed and  all just one minute from Tottenham Court Road tube station, 2 minutes walk from Oxford Street and Charing Cross Road and 5 minutes walk from the British Museum. Might not be my choice for a romantic weekend but definitely one to recommend if in central London for work.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good location for Tottenham Court Rd Tube and Oxford Street","Stayed at this hotel for one night with family and friends as we were visiting the Chelsea Flower Show.  The hotel was booked as part of a package which included B & B & a show which cost £96 each for a double room. The hotel reception area was welcoming, clean, tidy and fairly spacious with a separate area for Concierge service. Check in was quick and easy despite having had a large coach party arrive just before we got there. The room was some what on the rather small side so we were a bit disappointed, it was ok for one night but I wouldn't be happy staying for a week as the wardrobe was also very pokey especially for two people. Also the lighting wasn't good either with only two small bed side lights. There was no aircon in our room (a fan was supplied though which was a god…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I booked this hotel for one reason--it was close to the British Museum--and that is not only true, but a big plus.  Another plus, which is not obvious to casual guests, I think, is that near the desk for the concierge, is a ""back door"" opening to a very very good value--the VQ diner/bar, 24-hours, free wi-fi eatery. Wow.  Since the hotel wifi was ridiculously and unapologetically expensive (get this:  10 pounds a day for EACH device)--when we found out about VQ--it was a godsend.    So, let me tell you why you should stay at St. Giles and skip breakfast--VQ. Prices for food and drink incredibly good value and available 24-7.  Besides the ""back door"" from the St. Giles, VQ opens onto Great Russell Street--a short block away from the British Museum's entrance. To top it off,…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel with no charm at all,"My daughter and I stayed at St Giles in february and found it to be a very average hotel without any specific advantages. The breakfast was okay, but not more. A poor selection of foods, for example no bread with rye or other more healthy alternatives. The rooms was small, smelled confined and hade a very odd bathroom. We were fine staying there but it was not an experience of any kind.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value Great Location,Well priced Hotel for London central. Nice bar in the Hotel doing decent cocktails. Near Tube line. Casino around the corner which was good fun. Lots of staff at reception to ensure quick check in. Loads of restaurants nearby.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Exceeded my expectations! :-),"Having read mixed reviews on Tripadvisor, I was a little reluctant to stay here when my friend suggested this hotel.  He had stayed at St Giles on previous occassions.  He knows I am somewhat the perfectionist and although he didn't tell me until we arrived, was quite concerned that I would be unimpressed with the Hotel.  I was not.  For central London, who could complain?  The hotel, whilst tired in some areas, ticks all the boxes, and is excellent value for money.  It does what it says on the packet!  After all, when in London, surely most of your time is spent away from the hotel room anyway.    Check-in was pain free, quick and efficient - under five minutes.  The lifts were always relatively close, and a minute or two wait is nothing to moan about.   We had a standard room,…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not so great.....,"We stayed here for two nights at the end of a two week vacation to England and Scotland, simply because we needed a place to stay in this location - it served its purpose, however, a few notes....we were told that we would have to take two elevators in order to get to our room - not too great after traveling all day and having heavy luggage and paying for an executive room....the smaller elevators to our floor would only fit two skinny people and two suitcases and that was a tight squeeze - if you are a larger couple, you'll have to make separate trips - trying to find our room was ridiculous - if I ever had to stay here again, I'd bring breadcrumbs and leave a trail....it was like a rabbit warren with no clear signage on how to get to the rooftop rooms.  The room was okay, but…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Happy,"Stayed here for one night while in town for the Chelsea Flower Show. Didn't have breakfast, or any food, so can't comment. Room was a little small, but that is being picky. Otherwise we had everything we needed for a good nights sleep. We had no complaints; the room was well appointed, and the beds were comfortable. The location is excellent; very central. Our stay was good value too; we will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a great experience,"I recently stayed at this hotel with family for a theatre trip, Upon arrival we made our way to our room which was rather small and compact, although we were expecting this in Central London. Starting with the positives, the hotel is really well located, just a minutes walk off oxford street and close to nearby theatres. However that's where the positives more or less stop.. Our room was very hot but worse than this absolutely stank of smoke. When we raised this with the porter, he advised he would come to the room and check...he never arrived after waiting for 30mins or so...we then explained this to the staff on check out and then the manager, who said she would investigate and let us know. After inspecting the room the diagnosis was that she couldn't smell anything at all,…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Surprised ,"Stayed here with my husband for a weekend away. We were put in an executive room in one of the rooftop quarters. Room very small but clean & comfortable, lovely bathroom with a double shower. We were pleasantly surprised by a free breakfast the next morning too.  Very comfortable and would definitely use again. Only down point is I think £149 for a very small room is a lot to pay, however it is London & location was excellent  Pay",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Typically Overpriced,"Stayed for one night for a business trip. Checkin was relatively quick and was upgraded to a 'delux twin' room. The room was on the 10th floor so had to take the rather slow and small lifts. The room itself was strange shape, it was set on the corner and consisted of 2 very small rooms. In one, 2x single beds set closely together with a/c and flat screen TV. Room 2 had writing desk, small fridge and a second TV. The bathroom was again small with shower w/c and wash basin. We paid £140 pn. In this price, there was no breakfast, instead there is a Coffee to go feature. You can have a complimentary coffee and pastry but this seems like a first come first served affair as there was limited coffee and no pasties. This time of day is extremely busy so expect queues. The location is…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value Hotel,"My hotel this time, a first for me, was the St. Giles Bedford Avenue, London WC1B.  Litterally 3 minutes down the street from the Tottenham Court Road Tube and the Dominion Theatre.  Well at £109 per night it was cheaper than both the Strand Palace and the Travelodge, so I thought why not give it a go. I knew a few people who had stayed there so it was not too much of a risk.  I get there between 11:30 and 12:00, check in isn’t until 2pm. So I get to the desk, no queue, and a very helpful young lady checks me in, and (RESULT) gives me my key! So I head to my room, 213 on the second floor.   As you can see from the photos this was a compact but completely adequate room, clean, secure, with all usual amenities: on-suite bathroom, TV, Safe, Hair Dryer. So I drop off my bags, hang…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Warm, friendly hotel close to theatres & restaurants","I am really surprised at the negative comments I've read about this hotel as it is extremely good value for money for its central London location. Yes I've slept in bigger twin rooms, had larger shower rooms, air conditioned bedrooms, posher breakfasts but I've also paid 3 x the price for it so stop complaining and give this hotel it's due. So what if you have to wait a few minutes for the lift it's not the end of the world. What is important is that it provided my sister & I comfortable, fresh, and clean beds within our budget that only took 20 minutes to walk to after visiting the Savoy Theatre on the Strand and that's what counts. Yes we had to queue for a very comprehensive continental & cooked breakfast & the coffee could have been better quality but so what, it did the job…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location but!,rooms very small and bathrooms even smaller. No bath in our room only a shower. No air conditioning and as we were on third floor safety catch on window so only partly opened. So it was either very stuffy or noisy. Fitting in bedroom were very dated and felt overall it was not good value for money,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Claustrophic and manky.,"- The pictures on their website are very misleading. The rooms are so tiny I felt claustrophobic. - They charge £10 for wifi which is extortionate but I needed it, however despite the price it didn't even work! - The waiting time for the elevators is ridiculous. You can stand there for a full 5 minutes. -The hallways are grubby and look like a second rate hostel.  - The sheets looked like something a 19 year old boy would pick for his bedroom - The carpet clearly hasn't been cleaned or replaced since 1981 - Couldn't even get a filter coffee at their cafe - There is no air conditioning and the rooms are so small that we could hardly breathe and left after 2 nights with dry skin and dehydration headaches.  -It was so hot and we only had one tiny window which didn't even let any…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
4213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is the only thing in it's favour,"This hotel proves that first impressions are not the entire picture. The entrance lobby and bar area are plush and welcoming, beyond that this hotel is needing a serious facelift! This is also true of the stair wells, clean and well maintained upto the first floor and then a further 11 floors where the stairwells are dimly lit, narrow and almost spiral. The waiting for lifts is horrendous, you need to either plan 15 mins extra at peak times if in floor 4 and above or get very familiar with the stair wells. The rooms are basic and shabby - but clean. Very warm, and there are fans, but you cannot open the window very far. Functional, but no more than that. I only had an overnight bag, but there was no room for a medium to large case in the room. No cat swinging allowed! You get…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"Stayed here over night as we were in London to watch 'We Will Rock You'. The hotel is in a perfect location, with only a short walk to all the attractions.  We booked two twin rooms. Both plenty spacious. Nice bath/shower with good quality shampoo/bodywash. Beds were extremely comfy. The rooms were very warm but a fan was provided. Check in was very fast and the man on reception was very pleasant. For the price of £100 per room in central London it can't be faulted!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Like sleeping in a cabin...,"The single rooms are small but adequate. However little things you may forget like toothbrush, toothpaste and shampoo they don't supply. The rooms are dated like you're on a cabin on a boat, there is wood everywhere even on the walls!  As for a decent nights sleep, I can hear every bit of traffic and peoples conversations on the road. Does the job but not ideal.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay again,"I stayed here for a couple of weeks on business. So the location is good, not far from all the hot spots. The rooms are small, but I have experienced this in quite a few central hotels. It has very very basic amenities, compared to other hotels I stay in. The bathroom is small, but adequate.  Good luck if your above the 2nd floor, the lifts take forever and there is always a queue as they are so slow.  The breakfast is a canteen style, not a great range of food. No fried eggs, poached eggs, omelette station. Fruit is limited and the toast is always cold as the staff make it and pile it up. If you come down for breakfast at certain times, expect to wait as there is likely to be a long queue. This is because they include it in the room price and don't have enough seats to…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,"The St Giles is a decent place to stay with a few provisos.  Its location is key, being a one minute amble to Tottenham Court Rd Tube Station.  Its keenly priced for a central London Hotel too.  It's rooms are tiny.  This to me is not really an issue, however it does get warm in London in the Summer and on those occasions it could really do with some air con.  Would book again, but probably leave it til it gets a little cooler!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,WEEKEND YEARLY TRIP,Just been to this hotel Fri to Sun. We go every year. The hotel bar has been modified since we were here lat year. The hotel is well situated in the centre of London for restaurants and bars..The  underground is just around the corner and the bus services are very good .Well Wworth a visit..,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's not so bad,"Stayed for 4 nights, rooms are fairly small and hot. But they do provide a fan. Bedroom and bathroom were clean, bed and pillow comfy even had a top sheet which I loved.  The queues for breakfast looked long but they went down very quick. Great breakfast.  I was however appalled at the hotel wanting £5 per swim. That would have been £40 for my time there. It should be free to guests.  The lifts were slow and not all working at once.  They have an ice machine on 2 floors.    ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Had a great stay at St.Giles,London.I had a single room,it was adequate for me. Must say it was very clean.The restaurant served good food,they did pre-theatre meals as well.  The situation of hotel is good,yards from Tube,also walking distance of theatres,Oxford St etc, For the price yes I would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Family trip to London,The hotel has excellent location to do all the tourist stuff. All within walking distance.   The staff seemd unhelpful. We took a Readybed for our 1year old son but upon arrival we discovered it had a hole. We asked if they could let us use a matress for him until we got to the shop the next day and were told it would be £185 as its classed as extra occupancy. We only had a double bed so i had to sleep on the floor. We asked for extra blankets to be brought upto the room to make sleeping on the floor more comfortable but they never arrived.   On the 2nd night when i was actually able to sleep in the bed it was very uncomfortable.  The swimming / leisure facilities were all at an extra charge. £5 per person to swim and that charge was also for the 1 year old.   The hotel had no…,Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great value, Great Location, Great Hotel","I didn't really know what to expect before I arrived but was more than a bit pleased with what I got. I arrived at 7:30pm on a Friday night and was checked in without a hitch or delay.  Services was professional and friendly.  My room was clean, well equipped and quiet.  The bed was comfortable and double glazing was more than adequate at keeping out London noise.    My only criticism as the organisation at breakfast.  The queue was long even at 7am and seating was scarce.  Food was good though",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent central hotel!,"Just got back from our stay at this hotel, was abit worried as there are mixed reviews about the hotel. Stayed in a executive room, was a good size, but not massive so I imagine the standard rooms would be tiny. Excellent location, right on oxford street and walking distance from most central places, such as Chinatown, Leicester square, Piccadilly Circus etc. hotel is very clean and tidy, staff are friendly. Always a queue for the lifts, however it's a really big hotel so that's expected. If you stay on the rooftop be prepared for a walk! Also, when you check out you can leave your luggage with the concierge, which is excellent if you aren't leaving London until later in the day! Would definitely recommend this hotel. As we had an executive room breakfast was included, staff in…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London,Great hotel in the middle of London - just off Oxford street   Theatre on the corner.  Great value for money.  No problems with breakfast - just a short queue to the buffet style hot breakfast.       Ready to book again next year.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location poor value,This hotel is well located.   It is very basic. More basic the a Premiere Inn and not as comfortable.   Went down for breakfast after the 2 nights I stayed but the que was into reception.   The hotel should consider accessing The Hudson Bar in the hotel to ease the flow at breakfast.   All staff well presented and helpful. ,Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
4226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An Embarrassment of a Hotel,"This is a horrible hotel.  The other reviews are correct- it has a good location. But at what cost? Its cheap, terribly cheap.  The comforters haven't been washed or laundered, theres one pillow and one sheet on each bed.  The lightbulbs and outlets didn't work in my room.  Clothing and other personal items from a  pervious guest was left in my room- SO DID IT EVEN GET CLEANED?? The concierge(s) are without a doubt the least knowledgeable people I've ever met.  I asked for a good burger recommendation and my answer was ""TGI Fridays"" REALLY?  I asked how far it would be to walk to Abbey Road from the hotel.. ""5-10 minute walk tops"" Good think I checked a map.. Its 3.1 miles away, at least a 30 minute walk!!   A few more things. -The wifi is a joke.  Its not free ANYWHERE in the…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
4227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for a romantic weekend in London,"Decided on St Giles because of its location but ended up booking an exectuctive room, as I left it a bit late to book. Didn't mind paying a bit extra as it was for our Anniversary weekend. When we checked in we found it included a complimentary breakfast, which was a nice surprise and was a lovely breakfast. Also popped into one of the bars which had table service. We were asked what drinks we wanted really quickly (hadn't had a chane to choose as the wife was busy texting) but having asked for a bit longer weren't asked again so ended up going to the bar myself. Other than that the staff were all very friendly and helpfull. Would definately consider using it again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for a London visit.,"This is a very busy hotel because it is inexpensive to stay, yet has a great location. Easy walking distance to Oxford Street, Charing Cross Road, Shaftsbury Avenue, Soho, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, all you would want for a few days. Walk south for one minute once on Tottenham Court Road and you're on Oxford Street. This is the kind of hotel to use as a base, not to spend all day lounging around in. It doesn't look much from the outside, but it's perfectly OK. Staff are efficient and friendly and the rooms are good; not great... but good. The tap water in the room is good too and is pleasant to drink. You could easily pay two or three times as much per night and not get a better location. As it's busy, book early for the best room rates.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rooms so small you couldn't swing a cat in them.,"Stayed here for 2 nights, costing £100 p/n.  We only booked the hotel due to its low cost and close proximity to Soho.  It was REALLY small - the smallest hotel room I have ever been in....but it was cheap (for Soho!) so what do you expect?!  You aren't going to get much room in a central London hotel for this little money so I don't think there is much value in whining about the size of the room. Cleanliness was OK - the walls could do with a lick of paint, but in a room so small its not surprising they were scratched from luggage bags.  You can tell that the turnover in this hotel is so high that they don't pay as much attention to the cleaning as they could or should. The bathroom needed a really good scrub. The bathroom extractor fan didn't work, and in such a small…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Decent Hotel, good Quality/price ratio","This was a very decent Hotel for that price in central London. Rooms (esp. bathroom) were fairly clean, although we found a few documents left from the previous residents.  My main issue was WiFi. 5£/hour is pretty much a ripoff, I'd expect free WiFi when booking an hotel by now. Even the smallest ones in London can provide this.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Decided on a few days city break with myself, and opted for the St Giles due to its location.  The hotel was spotless and the rooms quite snug ( just a bit on the small side), but nothing to cause any concerns.  Breakfast was ok, pretty busy but loads of foods to get you started on a day of sight seeing.  Just one small negative for me, was the reluctance of the staff to accept your room key when going out for the day, they will take it, but will also try and dissuade you from doing so.  Would definitely consider this hotel again for my trip later this year with my grandson & wife ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for Central Location,I stayed at the St Giles for 4 nights in April. I had a single room which was very small but perfectly adequate for my needs. The hotel is in a great location and I was able to walk anywhere I needed to go. It was especially good for evenings at the theatre and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a good value for money central hotel,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok for one or two nights,Bed was good but bathroom way too small and only a shower with no bath. After walking all day a bath is a must. Bar at the end of the day was like a disco. Too loud and very dark. Breakfast was great.....wifi a total rip off charged £5 per hour.........very very bad policy,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Expensive and dissapointing,"It has a great location and it is within walking distance off all the important attractions and theaters. But it is expensive, bad service, expensive wifi, have to pay to store luggage and there is a bad draft in the rooms. Not worth the money. ",None,2.0
4235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not for business,"Good average hotel which would suit a leisure trip to London. The hotel is a little dated and shabby round the edges but the location is good for tourists and visitors.   No ironing facilities in room (grotty ironing room on 2 & 6 floor) and £5 per hour for wifi make this  totally unsuitable for anyone working.   It's busy, so checking in and trying to use the lifts can take some time. ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very busy hotel in a great location,"This a very busy hotel situated by toTottenham Court Tube Station. It's location is great for getting around the centre on London and is close to many restaurants and to the shops on Oxford Street. I observed that it is very popular with foreign tourists.  My room was a single and therefore small, but was clean, had a decent bed and a good shower. I'd describe it as basic but adequate. What was good about it was that the windows were double glazed thus reducing the impact of outside noise. It's a pity that the door wasn't as effective in blocking internal noise from other guests - not sure that's the hotels fault though!  One thing to be aware of is that the room cleaning regime starts early so make sure you hang out the do not disturb sign if you want to lie in past 8 am. …",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bookin.com success,"Booked through bookin.com very reasonable price for central London . Close to all attractions,  room was quite small but ample, Be prepared though London never sleeps and you can hear it all night outside you window",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Third time at St Giles,"Can't fault this hotel for the price we paid.  This was our third 2-night stay and it won't be our last.  Great location, very welcoming and friendly staff, excellent breakfast.  We arrived just after 11am and luckily our room was ready, so we were able to unpack straight away.  Rooms aren't massive but perfectly adequate and very clean, with a good stock of tea, coffee etc plus extra pillows which you don't get at every hotel.  There's a drinks/snacks dispenser on every floor which is very, very reasonably priced - ie £1 for a bottle of water, can of Coke etc, 20p for a pack of 3 biscuits.  There's also an ice dispenser on the ground floor near the lifts.  Check out is 11am but it's great to be able to leave your luggage and collect later.  Can highly recommend St Giles!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Just home from a three night stay at this hotel. Great location, room a bit small but after all only used room to sleep in, as for the lifts we didn't find any problems with them, the staff all seem to be helpful and friendly. The breakfast was adequate good choice from cold to hot food, best to go for breakfast early could get a little crowded. I think this hotel is fine and very good value for money, I would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In the heart of London,"We stayed here for one night as it was my girlfriends birthday in March. Our room and the bathroom was small but clean and comfortable, we arrived back at the hotel at 11ish after our meal out and we stayed for a few more hours in the hotel's bar. This was lively with dance music playing but not too heavy.   The drinks were not cheap but you expect that considering the location.  The only negative comment I will say is the lifts always had a queue of at least 20 people which meant you would have to wait around 10 minutes to access one. We had the buffet breakfast which had a choice of English or continental.  Two thumbs up!!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel in a good location,"Situated 2 mins from Tottenham Courty Rd this hotel is very popular with foreign tourists, For a reasonable price you will get a small basic room but in a great location esp. for the West End. You also get access to an awesome gym and poo.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Just back from a 4 night stay at the St Giles.  Booked an executive room and delighted with the little bit of extra space.  This hotel is great, fantastic location and everything you need for a comfortable stay. Cannot comment on the breakfast as we did not have it included.  We ate one night in the restaurant, quite good but they forget to mention on their board that you pay 12.5% service charge, so be aware of this if you're eating there.  Otherwise a great stay.  We have previously stayed  in a standard room and I would recommend paying that little extra for the executive  rooms for a bit more space.  Bathroom was great also.   Overall no complaints at all.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,This is a big building located just out of Oxford street. Very convenient for a weekend in London at a walk distance from Soho and the main shopping area. Single room was really small. Bathroom was good. Better to ask for a double room single use and possibly not facing south or west because it could be noisy in the night.,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"This hotel has excellent location, which is great if you are on a shopping trip. Staff were always nice and helpful. Room was small but very clean, and there was everything we needed. Most of the time there was a queue for the lift. Other than that, we found nothing to complain about!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Classy Clean & Central,"Just stayed for three days this time, very clean room, spotless bedding, great choice of breakfast food. Staff all very helpful.  This hotel is just yards from Oxford Street, you can ""shop til you drop"". Within walking distance of many theatres, pubs, and eating places. Yards from Tottenham Court tube station,  (use exit three from station brings you out right side of busy road, short walk to hotel)  Good value for money.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again on Business,"I stayed here last week for 2 nights on Business, and will never ever be returning. On enteering the hotel, I was greeted by a disorganised mass of people in the check in area, along with three incompetent receptions staff. I have never had to wait in an airport style queue to check in for a business trip, where they were charging 150 pounds per night. Check in took about 20 minutes after a very long working day.  I then proceeded to my 7th floor room having asked for a quiet room. The room was small, dirty and the blind at the window did not work, so I had to use two towels to cover to the window to allow me to sleep. I then rang reception and asked for a bottle of water, and was told that for 150 pounds per night, they expected me to go to the vending machine and buy water.…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
4247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip,"Stayed here for two nights for theatre visits. Hotel is well placed for West End and Oxford Street shopping. Last stayed here four years ago and much of decor seems to have changed little in that time, with some areas needing a little attention (having said that there were workmen there during our visit). Check in was handled efficiently and we were on way to room within a couple of minutes. Room itself was well appointed if on the small side, compared to other hotels used in the same area. Windows too are a little on the small side and don't open far enough. Concierge desk was staffed by friendly staff who were more than willing to help, from handling luggage upon arrival to obtain cabs. The only real downside was breakfast, whilst your room card does say to go for breakfast…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but that's about it","This hotel has an excellent location, a lot of London's favorite tourist locations are within walking distance.  But the room is very small, there's hardly any place to stash your baggage and the shower is tight.  On the other hand, the room had all you need and was very clean.  Breakfast is very good but we had to queue every morning to get a seat ! Try to be early at breakfast to avoid waiting with a rumbling stomach.  Hudson's, the in-house bar, is nice with good food and beer, but a bit noisy. Turn the music down a few notches, guys, so people can talk ! We didn't try the swimming pool of YMCA, which you can reach from within the hotel, but it looked very nice.  Staff is really friendly and helpful.  All in all, good value for your money, but don't expect a luxury hotel with…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK for a one-night stay,"I stayed here for one night for a job interview in London and it was fine. The location is great, only a ten to fifteen minute walk to many of the big tourist areas. The check-in experience was a bit odd as they didn't tell me my room number on arrival which left me needing to rifle through multiple sheets of paper to find it, but apart from that they were friendly and it was efficient. Check-out was great, only had to drop my key into a box when heading out. The room itself was fine in its amenities, but very, very warm. I had requested the quiet side of the hotel, but it wasn't as quiet as I had hoped. The noise from outside made opening the window impossible, so I used the fan provided instead to try to cool down, which helped a bit. The walls are also very thin - I could…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Only stayed one night. Great Location, five minutes walk to Leicester Sq etc.  Room quite small, and the shower cubicle was ""tight"" for space, but what it lacks in space makes up for in its location.   Would stay again if I need a room for one night only.   Reception staff friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised! ,Having booked this hotel for 3 nights arriving on the 25th I decided to take the reviews with a pinch of salt.  We paid upfront for a good deal on room rates and I was determined to be positive.  People said check in was awful.  It was the most painless experience I've had in any star hotel.  The room was small but we had everything we needed.  We had no problems with the lifts but being on the 2nd floor meant stairs were an option too! There was noise outside when the window was open but considering you're in Central London you cannot blame the hotel.  We invested in £1.99 earplugs and slept soundly!  Check out was simple and taxis were waiting to take us to the station! Loved my weekend away. Loved the hotel.  I've paid boutique prices in London and didn't have half as good a…,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value for Money,"I stayed in the St Giles Hotel for 1 night  on business and thought it was very good value for money. Check in was smooth and staff pleasant, room was clean and adequate, wide choice of food for breakfast. Hudson's Bar was good with a good variety of beer, it was busy and with a decent atmosphere. The hotel is well situated with tube station nearby and within walking distance of Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Leicester Square. Would definitely stay at the hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab Hotel in a fab location,"I stayed here for 2 nights with my mum and had a great time. We were able to check in before 2 and we're very pleased with our room on the 4th floor. The room was small but we don't come to London to stay in the room all day. The room was spotless as was the bathroom. There was plenty of towels and the shower had plenty of hot water. The bed was very comfortable and there were extra pillows and a blanket if you needed. We had a bed and breakfast deal and the breakfast was fab. Would advise to get to breakfast before 8am if you don't want to queue. Great choice of hot and cold food and all good quality. Hotel staff all so lovely,friendly and happy to help. Would stay here again and would recommend to anyone who wants a good quality hotel in a central location.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location - hopeless internet deal,"The location is tthe advantage for this hotel.  The rooms were small, but clean.  Breakfast was quite basic, and upon arrival we were told that because we had different room types our son would have to have breakfast on his own in another breakfast room than us.  However next morning it turned out that there was no problem having breakfast together.  The internet solution is hopeless. The solution of having an external supplier does not work. First night we were charged twice and had to call helpdesk to get internet (which did not work properly) - Second night we did not get internet at all (even spent half an hour in the reception trying to get help) but were still charged. This is 2014 and reliable WiFi should be supplied by the hotel",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location & Quality, small rooms","Very well located hotel with good quality and service. Hotel and rooms are clean. The room (single room) is very small. Bathroom too small. Overall i go back but try to get a bigger room. No experience with restaurant, bar and spa.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Comfortable, Central","I last stayed at St Giles Hotel about two years ago and so when I was going to see ‘We Will Rock You’ at the Dominion Theatre, I had no hesitation in staying there again, particularly since the hotel is only a couple of minutes walk from the theatre. The room is compact but comfortable and perfectly adequate and had a nice little sitting area between the room and ensuite, which was bigger that I remembered it.  The room is furnished in a simple modern way and everything was spotlessly clean in the room and ensuite.  A couple of nice features is that the room had a safety deposit box and microwave.  The bed was very comfortable and I enjoyed an undisturbed night’s sleep.  After the show, I went for a drink to the hotel bar which stays open late.  The breakfast was a well provided…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location; with only minor issues,"I stayed at this hotel for one night in April 2014. I was travelling alone on business and the location was walking distance from the office. Price was also excellent (for London) at around £120 for the night.   I can see why this is also popular with tourists. The location is perfect for theatre goers, shoppers and anyone wishing to explore Soho, Covent garden, Camden, Leicester square etc. It is literally 30 seconds walk from Tottenham Court Rd tube station.   My room was on the 2nd floor and it was small, but clean and comfortable. It is however quite dated, with the exception of the bathroom which seems newer.   I think it may have felt cramped with two people in the room. This hotel really just serves as somewhere to sleep in between all the sightseeing and exploring; so I…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location but teeny tiny room!,"We stayed her for our honeymoon and I was very excited especially when we arrived in the palacial reception area, our room however was laughable! It was very small and basic, a tight squeeze, lucky we were on honeymoon! However, the location was fantastic and I can't fault the service.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect for what I wanted,"Stayed here for one night as part of a show and stay deal. Had a single room. Ok it was small, but what more do you need, a comfy bed, pillow, really decent hairdryer,  hot shower, working tv and decent sized kettle. Breakfast choice great, continental and full english, strong coffee. Had a lovely glass of wine after seeing the fabulous Mamma Mia and evening meal at The Ivy (see a woman who has taste) so therefore no complaints. Great walking distance to theatreland, great friendly staff. Perhaps you get treated how you treat others, witnessed appalling manners towards the hard working staff, myself and my friend would happily return, thanks guys :-)",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Greatest asset is its location,"The hotel's greatest asset is its location. A minute or so away from Tottenham Court Road tube station, close to Theatreland and Tottenham Court Road for all you techies! (Hope I've spelt that correctly but you probably know whom I mean!) It is in need of refurbishment and certainly needs new lifts. We must have spent a lot of time waiting for the small lifts to arrive and considering there are supposed to be 700 rooms, the lift space is disproportionate. Our rooms were small and the shower very small. Generally clean and the staff we met were very friendly (providing they could understand English) Food was nothing to write home about and the downstairs restaurant (VQ I think it was called) was disappointing. Open to the public from the road it was too busy for breakfast. We…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would not recommend,"So i checked in and the room is supposed to be newly furnished. If 80s  furniture is new, i don't know. The tv is new & the mattresses at least and the bathrooms are new.  I changed almost twice my room, because the first room they gave me, the wc was filthy. The second room, the bed covers seemed to have vommit on it. I was so gross out. The manager and generally the people who work there are helpful, but the facilities are not worth the money. The location was ideal, pick another hotel near this one.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So convenient. Well worth a stay here.,"This is our second time staying in this hotel.  The rooms are very small but this time we upgraded to deluxe and for the small difference in price we had an extra seating area which made so much difference. The hotel is very clean. Staff very helpful and friendly. It was very busy but we managed to find room in the restaurants and bar. Food and drink average but lots of choice and open all day so ideal to eat before going to the theatres which ate all in easy reach. This place is so convenient to the underground, buses, shops, sightseeing and theatres. An ideal choice for a couple of nights in the city. Thanks to the staff for helping us to enjoy our stay. Will definitely be back. ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Stay, Great Location & Great Staff","I stayed here over the long weekend holidays (Easter). Despite being busy, the hotel was great and though it was small compare to many other hotels in Europe, I must say that what matters me the most was it is in a perfect location. You never lost and nearby is shops, cafes, Tube and yes great staff. However, the room amenities need some improvement. I be back",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st giles,it is good located in the center.rooms are small especially shower etc. not very light because of very small window. the hotel has too many rooms . if you go for breakfast at 08.00 it is overcrowded. choice is limited as well                                          ,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and nothing else,"We've had some poor experiences with hotels in London and to be honest this one is far from being the worse. It is very conveniently located in Charing Cross and the price is ok for London. However, it is a very tired looking hotel in serious need of refurbishment. The rooms are tiny, noisy and not very clean.  It was bearable for two nights but I will definitely keep looking for better alternatives on my next stay. ",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Calling all Primark lovers!,"Primark lovers, you would be thrilled to have your beloved store just a skip and hop away from his hotel.   Location- On the other end of busy Oxford Street which is equally bustling with life. Tottenham Court Road tube station which is a few steps below the hotel. Sainsbury Local is also literally across the hotel, if having a supermarket is an important criterion.   Price- Quite reasonable having paid around 100pounds per night. For the accessibility and short distance to main shopping areas, this is alright.  Rooms- Booked 3 rooms for the family but mine was fortunately the spacious one. Highly because we had requested for a baby cot and this would mean extra space was essential. Quite dated rooms which have seen better days, to put it honestly. Could do with new bedsheets as…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brill location!,I stayed at St Giles hotel London for 2 nights. It's in a great location right next to Tottenham court road tube station. We could walk to most places we wanted to get to such as covent garden and Leicester square.  The hotel itself was fine. The room was a decent size and clean. The beds were comfortable and the noise was minimal. Will stay there again next time I'm in London.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is what it is,Room adequate. Very very small. No bath. Just shower cubicle- again very small.cleanish. Central to everything we needed so good. Breakfast was lovely and couldnt be faulted. Canteen style environment though,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location.","St. Giles is perfectly located. Close to Soho, Shopping, Oxford Street and underground. The hotel is quite large and the rooms are small with small Windows. The breakfast is ok, but ""cafeteria"" like with selfservice and very busy. 3 stars are given for the location.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"As a last minute booking it was reasonably good value especially for the location. Room well equipped if a little tight, but within walking distance of all central attraction. nb Have to pay a lot extra for wifi, and breakfast, but some really good cafes nearby at less than half the price.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but..","All in all it was a nice stay, but not because of the service in the hotel. It has a great location, 2 min. Walk to the tube, and oxford street is just beside the tube station.   Negative: we ordered a room with two single beds, but the room we got had one queen size bed. And we only had one double blanket, so if you don't want to get very intimate with one another this could be a problem.  The girl with dark hair in the ""coffee to go"" café was very very rude!! It was choking, and you who read this might think I overreact, but trust me.... I don't. we had to catch a flight in the early morning. And since no tubes was available at 4 in the morning, we asked the hotel to order a taxi (we asked them the night before). When we went out to get our taxi it wasn't there. A receptionist…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great for a short stay in london,I stayed here with my partner for a short few day trip. It did its job really. clean and staff were friendly. Room was only small but that was not a problem. You could not complain for the price. It was cheap and central to everything. I would stay again.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"We stayed at the St. Giles for 2 nights on a group tour. I can't complain about the room. It was a nice size and after tours all day, I slept very well. The room was clean as was the bathroom. I didn't eat at the hotel so I can't give a review of the food. My only complaint was the wi-fi charges. Charging for wi-fi is ridiculous, especially when I could only get it to work once for maybe 5 minutes during my entire stay. The staff was friendly and although they were overwhelmed with 2 large tour groups checking in and checking out at the same time, they were very courteous and professional.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A pleasant stay,"My husband and I have just returned from a two night stay at St Giles. This is a great 3 star hotel and well worth the money. We paid £214 for two nights. Excellent value for Central London. The hotel is clean and functional although rooms are small, not an issue to us. We had a double room and the bed was very comfortable, we slept very well. Staff were very professional and friendly. We opted for the 'coffee to go' rather than breakfast and this was excellent for us. We got a coffee, a pastry and a piece of fruit which could be eaten on the go or in the lounge area. The only very minor issue we encountered was no shaving point in the bathroom, this was easily overcome and was not a problem. If you are informed of this before your visit you can take a suitable adapter. We have…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just like previous reviews,Just had a 3 night theatre break. The room was small but it was clean and more than adequate. The coffee and go breakfast was great. Bacon roll and a coffee is as much as I would want. Biggest problem was queuing for the lifts. It is a big hotel for just 4 small lifts that only take 6 people. Not sure what the hotel could do about that. The location does make up for this. Only a few minutes from a tube station and Oxford Street.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The Smallest hotel room ever?,Is this a Fraternity House or a hotel? It's actually more like a hostel. As the ex YMCA it is nothing more than a refurbished hostel. The staff are friendly but EVERYTHING IS AN EXTRA. It's not cheap at £115/night. It is in a great location but really does need aircon as the traffic noise is too much to open the window. This wouldn't be my first choice in future.,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but don't expect a warm welcome,"Great location right off Oxford Street. We didn't avail of the breakfast facilities and chose instead to eat out.  Staff could have been more friendly, when checking in it seemed we were some kind of inconvenience rather than guests in the hotel. But thankfully we didn't have much interaction with staff, so that part didn't bother us much. Would stay again, just for location.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average,"Stayed here in December 2013 with my boyfriend for his works xmas party. Hotel reception and bar to have a drink are lovely. However we were very disappointed with our room - very small and in need of refurblishing all furniture. Bathroom was ok but again, very small. Breakfast wasn't that great - sausages were awful - cheap, horrible ones. We only stayed here for convenience as we live in London ourselves. If I had to stay in a hotel in London again, I wouldn't stay here. Location is ideal if you want to spend your days shopping on oxford st.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Someone forgot to put the S in = HOSTEL not HOTEL,"Is someone having a laugh? Did somebody forget to put the S in Hotel - this is not a Hotel this is a Hostel.  Dreadful place. From the minute you walk in it is a disaster zone queues for everything, to check in, to get the lift up to the floors and to come back down, to go for breakfast in the canteen (yes canteen not restaurant).   I am so pleased I did not bring the cat – I would not have been unable to swing it around the room. There are doors hanging off the hinges in the room. The main door does not lock from the inside. The television is so small I wonder do they do it in Braille? If you were thinking ‘I will have a nice relaxing bath when I get there’ – think again a tiny shower cubicle  Then to add insult to injury they have the nerve to charge me £10 a day for the use…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
4280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great centrally located hotel,Had 2 nights room only which at £190 was really cheap by London standards. Check- in was really quick and staff very polite. Our room (214) was very small but served its purpose. Very clean. Comfy bed and great shower. It is only 10 mins from theatreland and Covent Garden. My hubby used the gym which he said was well equipped and good value at a fiver. Disappointed the pool was closed for maintenance. They should tell you this on booking as this is one of the main  reasons we booked this hotel. Had breakfast at Garfunkels round the corner at £5.95. Great value. Would definitely return to this hotel. Lifts can can be VERY slow so suggest you ask for a low floor so you can use the stairs.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for what you pay,"Pro's  - Concierge are very helpful - reception staff are attentive and the check in process was fast.  - All three lifts were working during my stay. They were a bit slower than most but not an inconvenience by any means.  - We had a twin room on the first floor. Reasonably spacious, clean, tea/coffee making facilities, flatscreen TV. Bathroom had a bath with overhead shower, toilet/sink.  - Ideally located by Tottenham Court Road tube station. 30 second walk from a chemist/supermarket/cafe/primark. Always taxi's outside.  - Very low-price for the location.  Con's (more 'little niggles' really as I thought the hotel was great)  - The room was  hot which was suprising as it was only 20 degrees outside. Having the window open was too noisy. We only stayed one night so it didn't…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Paying for location,"I've stayed here twice now for work and the rooms do vary a lot. Some can be absolutely tiny where someone larger than myself would have difficulty getting in and out of the shower, and some are okay.  I will agree that this hotel is in an excellent location. However, there is hardly anything included in the price and the rooms feel very small.  The size along with the wood panelling in the rooms makes me feel as though I'm in a boat cabin. The quality of sleep is good enough though. You do get some noise from the corridor and the lifts can be fairly noisy but it seems relatively well soundproofed from the traffic noise outside.  Staff were friendly enough but didn't go over the top with service. There were a few restaurants and leisure facilities within the hotel, but I didn't…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in great location,"We stayed at St Giles many times when visiting London...it is situated beside Tottenham Court Road tube station and just at the bottom on Oxford Street, so shops, restaurants, pubs, transport links are all nearby. The bar in the hotel is privately run and is lively and fun! The rooms are basic, but clean and functional and have everything you need.  Would recommend and will return!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value for good location,"I've been staying here now every week since October due to work - I have a decent rate so I stay every week. All in all its a decent hotel, staff friendly and the rooms are OK. Agree wit most of what is written in terms of review on this site but the good outweighs the bad in my opinion. I mist have stayed in 20 or so rooms at the place so review should be quite fair.  Good Points : - Fairly cheap,  -Decent rooms,  -Good Gym (YMCA can be used for £5 per visit),  -Good choice of bars (x2) -Hudson's Bar is good for watching footy - food is OK. -Great location (5 minutes form Soho / oxford street).  Bad points : -Lifts are totally useless (if you have mobility issues maybe chose another place...) -showers are useless in most rooms.  -No room Service to speak of (not a big issues…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"The hotel is easy to find, you can see it almost as soon as you step out of tottenham court rd station. Our room was a twin up on the 9th floor, it was clean and basic, just what you need for your base if exploring London. Maybe our room was different to others but the decor was nothing to moan about.. Wood paneling yes, but nothing massively offensive! Paying around £100 for one night in London is considerably cheap, and the hotel definitely exceeded our expectations. Only minor qualm was on entering the breakfast room the hostess could have at least smiled if not said good morning, it costs nothing after all. Overall, we had a good stay and we will definitely return.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good on a budget ,Good location to everything but very touristy with large groups every time I go waits for elevators. But good for pocketbook. 24 hours dining if you need it and the food is great. Place was packed at 3:00 in the morning!! Popular place that time of night. Rooms ok,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Used to be a YMCA and hasn't improved,"I stayed for one night on business.  I usually avoid this hotel but it was convenient for my meeting.  The rooms are small, basic and badly in need of refurbishment but at least clean.  The bed was reasonably comfortable and the shower worked.  Breakfast resembles feeding time at the zoo.  There is no question of being shown to a table.  You have to grab a space at ashared table.  If you go for extra coffee, juice etc there is a good chance you will either lose your space or tstaff will clear your plate or both.  Food was plentiful but of mediocre quality",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliantly located hotel,This hotel is in a brilliant location on a three minute walk to Tottenham court station and less than 10 minutes walk to Oxford Street for the great Shopping.  There is a 24 hours cafe in the hotel and a nice bar. The Dominion Theatre is only around the corner from the hotel & the Shaftesbury Theatre is only a 20 walk away where we saw 'From here to Eternity' really enjoyed it.    Only downfall was we requested two rooms on the same floor but got one on the 7th and one on the 13th which is the rooftop rooms. The 13th floor trek meant two lift changes which was a very inconvenient should really be an discount rate on these rooms.  Other than that I would recommend this hotel for anyone going to London for a weekend as all the amenities are closeby so that you fit in as much as…,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid if infirm,"Stayed one night at the this hotel on a business trip. It is in a good location and was very reasonable for central London. The single room on the third floor was clean and ok but very small. Ok for one night. Staff were helpful. I can see what people mean about the breakfast, however if you get there before 8.00 it is better.. Breakfast was reasonable for the price. The main problem were the lifts. It was almost impossible to get use the lift at busy times and they only held 6 people any more and they were overloaded and would not move. Only 3 out of 4 were in operation when I was there. They also exceedingly slow. I waited for over 15 mins for the lift on the third floor when I checked out and eventually gave up and carried my bag down the stairs. Luckily I only had a…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Average Hotel,"We stayed here in December great location for all amenities, staff are more than helpful the rooms are clean and warm . Just located at the bottom of Oxford street so shopping is a must . The only problem was breakfast it was a long wait to be seated as hotel is busy also when your booking in it can be very bus and I mean very busy, We probably wouldn't have breakfast here again  as outside the hotel there is little cafes with less hassle.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"We stayed here at the end if March and have stayed here on numerous occasions the hotel is ideally situated for shopping in Oxford St,the tubes and the theatres. The hotel is nicely presented with friendly staff, the rooms are adequate we didn't stay in the room much as we were of sightseeing and eating out so we literally only use it to get out head down. We didn't use any of the leisure facilities so cannot comment on those. The breakfasts are very good but can be very busy at peak times with some queues. Very good stay and will be returning on out next trip to London",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"I work close by this hotel and needed to stay overnight, so it was easy to book a single room for one night. A bit pricy, but I did book last minute. First impression walking in the reception area, was that I should have booked somewhere else; it was packed with teenagers and it was generally rather noisy. Anyhow, check-in was swift and I got a room on the third floor, with a window facing the street. The room was very small, even for a single room, and the bathroom was very crammed. The drain stop in the sink was stuck, so water was only slowly running down the drain, The TV was small but adequate and the channel options was more than adequate. At night time I had the window, because it was too hot in the room (even after turning off the heating), but that was a bad idea. The…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location.,"the St Giles Central London Hotel is located at Tottenham Court Road Tube station.  very close to Soho and Oxford st.  great location but the hotel is not personal at all.  very basic. it is unfortunate they do not supply free wifi to guests, you pay 5 pound per hour!!!  ridiculous.  the gym is also 5 pounds per visit.  Breakfast at the VQ was good, the staff friendly at least and quick.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Family trip to London,"Just back from a 3 night stay here, travelling with husband and 3 kids,aged 12, 13 and 15. We had a triple room and twin bedded room. Had a great time,hotel perfectly located,yes the rooms are small but very clean and I'm quite fussy in that respect. Did not have the breakfast so can't comment on that. Staff were polite and helpful. I would definitely return here. If you don't want to wait a long time for the lifts book a room on the first floor. Location is second to none. Don't be put off by negative reviews!",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Repeat stay,Stayed here again on a Theater break recently.  We upgraded to a deluxe room this time and found that the extra was well worth it because of the extra space.  Again excellently placed for the West end.  Good breakfast for £7.50 which set us up for the day.  The only down side this time was that we where served drinks in the bar and charged a service charge which we weren't expecting.  Apart from that another good stay.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"I recently stayed at this hotel during a three day work trip. The hotel location is great with very easy access to Tottenham Court Underground station and there are many shops and restaurants in close proximity.  The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly. The rooms are on the small side and the bathrooms are tiny, but this is fine if all you want is somewhere to sleep. Pretty well priced rooms for Central London.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic and little outdated,"Location is great and at a reasonable price (for London that is). Rooms are not big and a little outdated. As it is a rather large hotel, traffic jams might occur at the elevators during peak hours. The breakfast to go option would be preferable as the 'real breakfast' isn't really worth the money. Better go to a pub and have a proper English breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good hotel,"Check in quick, room fine looking out onto street and theatre, picked this hotel as we booked to see We Will Rock You virtually next door. Room fine, bed comfortable, bathroom small but adequate. sink blocked, informed front desk but no one came to fix. Breakfast was ok, sausages no taste but everything else was good. ideal hotel for the price.   Hotel bar was the best we have ever been in in London, good 70,s music, great atmosphere  Coming back with a large group in October and will look to book.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"We stayed here in a junior suite for the weekend , the hotel reception were very efficient and polite , we went to our room which was large and spacious.  The room had a safe and very comfortable bed. Slight down side was the hair dryer , cable was very tangled . The tv was very poor and had bad reception soom channels were non existent . For £159 a night it was ok . The concierge staff mainly john were very helpfull and could not do enough for us . A popular hotel with a great location .",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very basic,"This hotel's success can only be based on the excellent location.  Accommodation is clean and adequate. Rooms small; shower only in tiny bathroom; only one towel.  Decor, fixtures and fittings very dated and tired.  This hotel is fine, but don't expect too much - just a decent place to crash. Staff generally polite and helpful Breakfast was extra.  Paid for buffet breakfast to save time.  This was desperately poor, and served in a dining room just like a school dinner hall.  The trays of cooked breakfast items were topped up before empty rather than fully replaced.  This breaches food hygiene regulations.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,A little late with this review but hotel quite good and well located for city shopping and siteseeing....rooms small but comfortable....staff are friendly and helpful .. reasonably priced for its location....   ,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great value, ok experience","I was looking for a cheap hotel, close to University of London the night before attending a conference. The St Giles Hotel is great value for money. The location is superb. I would recommend it, based on my experience. Colleagues staying at a budget hotel, closer to King's Cross paid £109, without breakfast!! When booking, double check what's included. I paid £79, expecting breakfast which wasn't included. It would have cost £9.95 to purchase the buffet breakfast on the morning or there is a small a la carte cafe there too. I didn't opt for either of those, so can't comment on the food.  The single room 639 was small, but fully functional and well fitted out. Same for the bathroom - small but nice. Both the room and bathroom were very clean. The TV was in a slightly awkward…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor,"Stayed in an executive suite with ""panoramic"" (see website!) view. Not sure where that was. ""King size"" bed, no it wasn't. But it was rock solid. ""Complimentary"" water. No. & housekeeping tried cleaning 2 hours before check out. Would not go back.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
4304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location no complaints,"You can't really go wrong booking here if you don't want or can't afford to splash the cash. The location is very central being a short walk from Tottenham court road tube and just down the road from Oxford Street.  We arrived at just before 9am on a Saturday morning and assumed the staff would store our bags but in fact our room was ready and we checked in in a few minutes. The room is pretty small, but like most big cities you're not going to be there much and the bathroom was basic, clean with just a shower but powerful. Only a squeezy shower/shampoo on the wall so take extra toiletries such as conditioner as there are no little bottles here.  The breakfast was plentiful with full English and continental - yes the fruit is tinned and the orange juice not the best but with…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for!!!,"You get what you pay for which is not very much for a £100 in London! We stayed here for one night. We chose this hotel for its location and price; being very close to Oxford Street and Theatreland and only 5 minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. The room was very small but adequate for somewhere to lay your head for a night or two and it was clean, however the bed was extremely hard, lumpy and uncomfortable.  The duvet was so heavy it felt as if it was crushing you! What with the uncomfortable bed and the noise from outside and other guests coming in in the early hours shouting in the corridor we hardly slept at all and so in the morning we felt so tired we went straight home and not go sightseeing as we planned. One thing we will say is DO NOT HAVE THE…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worth thinking about,London has so many hotels from 5 stars such as the Savoy to really poor ones. This is perfectly acceptable. Rooms are comfortable if a bit small. Shower is good but no bath. Staff really deserve a mention as they are top drawer. Location is ideal. Bang in the centre but quiet. For the price it's ok.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worth it,Hotel is basic but worth it for the price and location. Right next to Oxford Street and within walking distance of the theatres and open top bus stop!!  Found it to be very clean and the bar is great. Staff friendly.  Our room was TINY so wouldn't want to stay for a long period of time!! ,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, decent room","Unlike some other reviewers I found the staff I dealt with (reception and concierge) uniformly friendly,  polite and respectful.  My room (606) was clean, tidy, modern and well-appointed, though undeniably small: there was little room around the double bed, and the door hit the adjacent wall when it was barely open ninety degrees.  The same only more so was true of the door into the miniscule bathroom.  The main downside of my visit was, as others have said, the lifts.  In a twelve storey hotel it's not helpful to have lifts that are slow, erratic and not all working.  I didn't try the restaurant, the pub or the casino.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, you get more than you pay for","My Wife & I stayed here for one night while visiting London. having read previous reviews, we were a little wary but found we had no reason to be. Firstly, it's location is absolutely excellent for a visit to London, less than a minutes walk to Oxford St & also Totttenham Court Rd tube station. Under 10 minutes walk & you're in Covent Garden, it really is one of the best located hotels we've used when visiting London. We booked a standard double room which was a little on the small side, but then that's to be expected of any hotel in the centre of a major city, especially London, & we only used it to sleep & shower, anyway! We only paid £118 for bed & breakfast for one night, which was a lot cheaper than many other hotels I looked at when booking our trip. Breakfast was more…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,you get what you pay for.,"we had a deal for £107 a night, which in central london is good. The hotel is very busy, lots of people, as people say the lifts are full and slow.  The room is small, with no air-con. Had to open window to get air which meant noise coming in from below street. it was bearable for 2nights on business, just, but dont think i would return.  but if you looking for a cheap hotel, in central london, then it might work well for you.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Group Stay,I would have never picked this room if I booked my travel. Had to ask for towels and toilet paper. They managed to change the sheets once during our week stay. Had to pay extra for the use of the gym and facilities. Should have been included in the room rates.,Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here,"Booked a room with two beds Check in, told room has 2 beds Go to room, only one big bed Room has terrible odor start getting headache Go to reception to change room need to call booking website  to change room Rage.jpg Call booking website Steve helps to change the room Get off phone, reception says booking department needs to call Wait 20 minutes for call No call Ask what wifi password is Need to buy Internet  Ragebuilding.jpg Booking dept finally calls Changes room Go to room Is prison cell of darkness small blankets and smallness Why.jpg Buy Internet can only use one device Logging into email takes 15 minutes Drunks outside keep screaming Don't sleep Call Steve again to cancel reservation Cancels next 3 day booking Morning Go to desk to check out Want 3 nights payment back…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
4313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel & location,The location of the hotel is great.located near tottenham court rd tube.rooms are too small and u have to pay 10pounds per day for wifi if u want to use in room.there is little pub in entrance which is good to relax. I d recommend for those who would just stay at weekend.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, fantastic location","Stayed 3 nights in a de luxe double room. After reading the comments about the hotel at tripadvisor, we decided to upgrade to a bigger room, and not have breakfast at the hotel. We have been in London several times before, and this is the best hotel so far. The room was spacious (relatively speaking, in London standards). Small, but clean bathroom with shower. The double bed was a bit small for two people, but ok. Did not like the bed cover; there should have been two covers, not one big cover. The room was clean, and big enough to place the luggage.  We had breakfast at a nearby place (Garfunkel's). We were 3 couples, and it took over 1 hour, whitch was too long and inefficient even if the food was tasteful. The hotel is really suitable for shopping in Oxford street. I will…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay here for the location,"I stayed at this hotel while attending a training for work. I really don't have much to complain about; the hotel was clean and the employees were courteous. The wi-fi, however, was horribly priced--£5 for an hour or £10 for 24 hours. This just seemed like a crazy-high price to me, but maybe I'm just cheap. Also, I live in Europe and am used to the small size of hotel rooms over here--but this was small even from what I'm used to, especially considering the price of the room.   Ultimately, the real reason you would stay at this hotel is for the location. It's 30 seconds from a Tube station and right on Oxford Street. If you're looking for accomodations that put you right in the middle of everything (and budget isn't too much of a concern), then this is a good choice.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We made our booking in November for March 2014, and were not disappointed. The hotel has a great location near the Tottenham Court Rd tube station, which is directly linked to the Northern and Red lines, basically gets you to wherever you need to go in London. The price was fair and the room was adequate for the amount of time that you actually spend in it. Clean, well kept up the maid service was great clean towels and well maintained room. Concierge service was very helpful. Only problem with the entire 9 day stay was the failure to receive our wake up call on the last day of our stay, but all in all a place I would definitely love to stay at again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Classy Hotel at the heart of London,"St. Giles is really a stunning hotel at the heart of London near to underground stations and with an underground parking space... friendly and helpful staff...it is clean and clear to the sight...it has 3-4 lifts... it is surrounded by shops...Primark is a few steps away, Boots just across the road where you can buy last minute necessities that you have forgotten to pack...a casino in the same building for those who wants to gamble the night away... a few minutes taxi ride to Piccadilly where you can find pubs and restos to celebrate a date or simply eat out!!! It is definitely a very higly recommending hotel if you want a taste of the night/day life in the heart of London.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I stayed at this hotel as part of a theatre package. It is ideally located for the Dominion theatre Tottenham Court Road and also for Oxford Street. It is a clean,modern hotel with good facilities. The room was a twin and more than adequate for a city break. The bathroom only had a shower and was `compact`.  However,the problem arose when we returned to the hotel after the show. A lot of guests had been to the theatre aswell and returned to the hotel at the same time. There were huge queues for the lifts and staff were trying to encourage people to use the stairs. That`s fine if you`re on a low floor but there are 12 floors so the stairs didn`t suit everybody!! It is a self service breakfast and again very long queues developed. There is a sign suggesting you breakfast before…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a good value for money,"The hotel has amazing location, just few steps from British Museum, 10 minutes to Trafalgar Sq. and other main attractions. The rooms are really small, with strange bathroom. Very thin walls yo you hear all the noise from other rooms and hall. Coffee2Go is quite good service. For the money I paid I expected something more.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"An “Ain't it handy, it'll do” Hotel","The St. Giles is a hotel located at the North of London's central, tourist area. It's a large commercial hotel with hundreds of very transient guests and lot's of staff processing  them as fast as their fingers will let them. It's a cunning design of hundreds of bedrooms, plus all the services needed to back that up. Of course we only saw one room, but based on that, the rooms are pretty small, really only suitable for one person, and for that you'd call them adequate. For two people, they're a bit cosy; but do-able. Everything you'd want for a short stay is here and clean and working by and large. There's a TV, tea making, hairdryer; no phone. The shower drained properly (hurrah).  The only major down side we came across is that there aren't really enough lifts in the hotel and…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,theatre weekend,"stayed here with friends and few times. The hotel is lovely clean, fabulous breakfast.  Staff very helpful and polite.  I would and have reccomended this hotel to my friends, a very good central location for all you needs in London",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"As the title suggests, it's all about the location.  Perfect for shopping, theatres, tube stations.  The best thing about the location is the fact that after a morning shopfest you can head back to the hotel, leave the bags, refresh and head straight out again.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the rooms are compact but on the couple of occasions we have stayed here the rooms have been spotless and for all the time spent in the room the space doesn't really matter.    The breakfast options are more than adequate and plentiful although at times it can feel a little 'school dinner hall' like, but, again, for all the time spent having breakfast it is absolutely fine.   The hotel could look at provided free WIFI as this was the only complain we had.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrible. Avoid. Grubby. Dated. Rooms modelled on Liliput....,"If it had been possible to give 0 stars I would. Possibly the ugliest looking hotel in London and first impression was very accurate. A concrete monstrosity. Slowest lift service I've ever known, and that's the ones that weren't 'being upgraded.' Presumably upgraded to working. Dated, grubby rooms smaller than the average garden shed and unless you are 7 foot tall don't bother looking through the security spy hole in your bedroom door. Dubious dirty splash marks near the bed, good luck if your bathroom a/ has a door that shuts and b/ a toilet that flushes. Extra points if the bedroom blind doesn't break off in your hand. Hair dryers that don't work, broken lightbulbs and apparently the 'do not disturb sign ' is part of the hotel facilities........  So glad I didn't bring my cat…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
4324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent for short break,"The St. Gile's Hotel is in a superb location close to Oxford Street & Theatres. Room we had was a Executive on the 8th floor and was very good although not vast. I heard other guests complaining that their rooms very very small.  We were allocated Breakfast in the VQ Cafe & Diner within the Hotel building, which was excellent with very friendly staff - We also had a late post show supper there which was also very good (the VQ is open 24 hours)  The only negative was the lifts - not enough for the size of Hotel and one was out of service. A lot of frustrated guests as a result.  Overall very suitable for a short stay in London and a good variety of Restaurants in nearby Charlotte Street",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well located hotel,"The hotel was ok if you are in London to run around the town. It is well located near theatres and only 3 minutes’ walk from Oxford street.  The rooms are rather small but clean and ok to sleep in.  Negative thing again is, that there is no free WiFi in the rooms.  Free WiFi could be found only in the restaurant, Hudsons-House connected to the hotel. Hudsons-House restaurant was a good place for a drink or a meal (I had at arriving evening a Rib Eye Steak there and it was very very good) and it’s opening hours are super (24).",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great,"My partner and I stayed here for 2 nights in March 2014 when we were seeing shows. The location is superb, only took circa 10 minutes to walk to Covent Garden and its right on the door step of Oxford street.   We checked in online before arriving at the hotel and our keys were waiting for us at the Concierge desk when we arrived.   The lifts are very slow but manageable.   The rooms are small but we had no intention of spending too long in the room so it was perfect for what we needed.   If you are in London for a couple of nights for the theatre, shopping etc then this hotel is perfect. The hotel is clean and the wait staffs were friendly. I would say that the rooms are warm though as there was no air conditioning in our room (window doesn’t open to far) however a fan was to be…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for sight-seeing,"We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights from Thursday 13th-Monday 17th February. We booked a standard double room which was perfect for everything we needed. The room was clean on arrival and was serviced thoroughly everyday.  There was plenty of space for the luggage we'd brought - two carry-on bags with Ryanair. Shower always had hot water.   We never had breakfast in the hotel itself since we're not early risers, but usually popped across the road to the supermarket and ate breakfast in the room. Tea/coffee facilities are in the room.  The reception staff checked us in very quickly and since we paid in full before arriving, check out was as easy as dropping our key in a box by the door.  I don't think we made the most of the hotel's facilities, as we ate out all the time, but…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"My wife and myself stayed here on 6th March . We found this hotel to be superbly situated for Central London and Theatre land.The room was a little small but was adequate for our one night stay.We found the staff to be very polite and helpful.The breakfast was really good,basically every taste was catered for. The room although small was very clean,there are two points I would like to make, firstly in the morning we waited 15 minutes for a lift to go down to reception, in the end we ended up walking down several flights of stairs carrying our suitcases, secondly  after returning to the hotel at night we went into the bar for a drink and even taking London prices into consideration we found the prices to be excessive. Overall we found this hotel to be really good and would…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, poor service","I stayed here as part of a group. The rooms are tiny and if you are claustrophobic you should stay away from it. I got a single room. When I entered the room, I could not believe how tiny it was. I am 1.80 and I could barely fit the bed. There is no place to put you luggage. If you lay your luggage on the floor you will have to jump around it to get to bathroom. The bathroom is tinier. If you sit in bathroom you cannot close the door. They give out only one towel. I have stayed in Super 8, and Motel 6 before and any of them is better than this hotel. The only good part of it, is that location is great.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Noisy hotel,Me and wife had a double room On the third floor very noisy room When contacting manager her reply Was your in Central London what Do you expect we lost a nights sleep and had to move rooms waisting our valuable time as we were only there for a weekend plus We had to move rooms our selves With no help from staff ,Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Unhelpful staff,"I stayed in this hotel from Thursday 06.03.14-09.03.14. We had booked this hotel through booking.com and were really looking forward to staying so central and it really looked like a hotel where you would get more than what you paid for - an unusual thing for London!  Our reservation was including ""Breakfast 2 Go"" which means you go pick up the breakfast downstairs (a drink, a roll or pastry and fruit), but you are not allowed to sit in the restaurant and eat it - hence the ""2 Go"" name! Fair enough. Friday morning being the first day we were getting breakfast we went downstairs to pick it up. Walked upstairs and saw this little counter that resembled a cafeteria you would find in a hotel or sports hall. Not exactly what you expect from a large hotel. Décor and ambience aside I…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Value but ""ONE NASTY FRONT DESK GAL-MARIA""","Overall it is a great value the St. Giles.  The location is close to all.  Mcdonalds and Burger King down the road. Sainsbury down the block and theatre is walking distant.  Rooms are very clean and remind me of a dorm but they are clean and small.  My only beef with this place while I entered an elevator (and elevators take forever) I was unaware that the front desk girl named Maria from Spain was holding it.  I enter and press my floor and she slaps my wrist and reprimands me as if I were here servant.  Well, I think in most parts of the world you never touch a person, tap, slap, or anything of that manner.  I was very annoyed.  She did not apologize but said ""I'm not going to argue with you as I told her you never ever put your hands on any person other than to help assist…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good service basic hotel in excellent place,"St Giles is not the best hotel, but it is quite possible to stay some nights. In London hotels are very expensive, so this one is not so bad - 495 punds/ 5 days without breakfast. Service was polite and helpful. Room was tiny but clean. Needs a bit renovation soon. For example lamps were partly broken, and in bathroom some of tmen looked never cleaned. Room was dusty.  Stll would use this hotel again: Place is near everything, metro and busses easy to reach.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An average hotel in a great location,"This hotel is just off Oxford Street and very near the London theater district. It is best for those who are looking for somewhere in central London that is not too expensive. The rooms are very small and have only the basic features. The bathroom was about the size you would find on a ship. Food is available but the quality was minimal and the presentation was poor (reminds me of a collage dorm cafeteria). Expect to find lots of people arriving and departing at all hours of the day and night. This hotel is a good fit for those who will not spend much time in the hotel.  I would, and have, stay again mainly because of its location the the relative value the hotel offers in the high priced central London hotel market.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No breakfast! :-(,"Paid £140 for ""Executive Double Room"" including breakfast. The room itself was bigger than average, clean but tired decor, with a great view south from the eighth floor. On 05 March 2014 I went down to the VQ Diner (more exclusive than the regular St Giles breakfast room) for breakfast at 07.45; there were fewer than ten other diners, most were already eating. I signed for my breakfast, sat myself by the window, and was then IGNORED BY BOTH WAITRESSES, neither of whom seemed to be busy. Ten minutes later I got up and left, having been OFFERED NOTHING TO EAT OR DRINK. If it had been a sensible BUFFET SERVICE (like most hotels) I could have fed myself in ten minutes. I wasn't there on a leisurely weekend break, I was there on a business trip with deadlines. It is UTTERLY STUPID to…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"Ok, lets get this clear upfront - the rooms are small. It is the centre of London, the bustling West End and this is always going to be the case.   My wife and I stayed for 2 nights in one of the Roof Top Executive Deluxe Rooms.  To quell one myth immediately - a lot of people have been negative about the waiting times for lifts on reviews I have read, but I have to say over our entire stay we did not notice any issues at any time of day.  Our room required one lift to eleventh floor, then a separate lift to the 13th and I wouldn't say we were left waiting an undue amount of time on any occasion.  The room itself was very clean, the bed comfortable, the bathroom had lovely decor and the shower was excellent..   If I was being picky, our proximity to the lift meant that it was a…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Location to be in London,"This hotel has the best location if you are in London. Tube station is just a walking distance and also shopping along Oxford Street. But I wonder how the security controls the non-guest who would walk confidently to the elevator towards the rooms. And I experienced rowdy and drunk guests singing along the corridor disturbing other people during odd hours after New year celebration. I must say I like this hotel, its cheap when you want to be in Central London, but you need to booked months and months ahead. Finally the wifi is the issue, I think the hotel is ignorant to consider to waive the wifi fee. Let me tell you this, Sir St Giles hotel....when people travel, they would communicate with others when they arrived at the destination. So this is where wifi comes in...1 pound…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic Hotel but great for a short stay!,"I stayed as part of a group here on business. The check in process was lengthy and I was amazed when I asked for a code for wifi and was told that it was chargeable (£5 an hour) or I could go and sit in the bar and work there!  When I pointed out that plenty of hotels offer free wifi in the room these days I was told to complain and maybe one day someone would do something about it!! The loby was very busy and the staff were not the most welcoming but they got the job done. The room was really small but clean, warm and modern. The bathroom was compact but lovely and served its purpose.  Comfortable bed and to say I was on a room facing the main road, the soundproofing was excellent.  My only minor criticizm of the room would be that the blinds to block out the light were on the…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location.","This hotel is all about location. It's really perfect in that sense.  The bar is also something that is really good here.  The rooms are rather small and worn. We had a smelly one, but it worked fine to sleep in. Breakfast is 9,95 and okey. The breakfast area is not wery funny though.  But in the end - it's all about location.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but basic,"This is fine if you have a very busy schedule and just want somewhere in a central location to sleep. Otherwise, it's pretty basic in terms of breakfast and size of rooms. The chances are you will be able to find somewhere better if you want anything more than a bed for the night.  One moan is the booking-in system. It really is very slow and the hotel staff look so miserable. Cheer up, people, and welcome your guests!",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good for theaters, shopping and sightseeing","If you off to the theater,shopping or sightseeing this hotel is ideal for you.  We spent 4 nights here as we had 2 shows to see. The hotel is close to Tottenham Court Road tube so is easily accessible from all the mainline train stations. Also good tube connections to all the main tourist sight seeing areas.  Although we found the room small, as we only spent limited time in the room (sleeping, changing, etc) so it was suitable for us. If you like large luxury rooms this is not the place for you. The beds were comfy and we had a good nights sleep. The bathroom only comes with a shower which is bit of a tight squeeze. Not suitable if your on the larger size. There is a gym and pool attached to the hotel which is accessible from the hotel. Token machine in the hotel lobby. The…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Decent hotel, great location","Firstly location is excellent, 50 yards away from Tottenham Court Rd tube station. Check in was very busy when I arrived around 10pm which was surprising.  There seemed to be plenty of staff stood around doing nothing which was irritating but I was seen to after 5 minutes or so, so not a massive problem.  Check out was quick and painless though. Staff friendly enough. The rooms are typical London hotel rooms, very expensive for what they are, quite basic, in need of a lick of paint but clean & practical. Had dinner in the Sage & Chilli restaurant which was ok, I had the chefs recommended dish according to the menu which was very average, but tried my colleagues stir fry dish which was very good and if I go back, I'll definitely be having that!  Breakfast in VQ24 was very good,…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Functional hotel,"Stayed 2 nights and had a comfortable stay.Staff very friendly. Single room could only be single as there wasn't enough room for 2 people,very cosy!!Bed comfortable, room clean, bathroom very compact and the sink plug did'nt stop the water escaping,frustrating shaving and the light in the bathroom is in the ceiling behind you. Woken up the first morning with music playing from somewhere below at about 6am.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,We stayed in this hotel while doing a theatre break . Excellent location for the theatres and shopping . The rooms are small but perfectly formed . Very handy for the tube . We would  definitely stay again .,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A Bargain,  Given the Location","I stayed here on a work trip, arrived late in the evening but no problems checking in. My room was fine, bed comfortable,  room warm. It had just been repainted so the fumes were a pain, but not too bad.  Breakfast was good, no worries there. The price was exceptionally good, especially given the central London location. Definitely on my ""go back to"" list. ",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel great service,"We stopped here on a theatre break. The hotel room was clean and recently painted. The meal we had in the restaurant at night was delicious , good value and the girls working in the restaurant were very pleasant. The concierge service was brilliant and i found my stop to be most enjoyable. We would definately stop again",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No Complaints from us...,"You can't please all the people all the time....but if people are looking for things to moan about then they will find them..... We booked this Hotel a combination of factors .. Cost , Location and the majority of reviews on here. We were stopping for one night to take in a show at the West end so St Giles it was. We arrived by train and got the tube to Tottenham Court which is a two minute walk to the Hotel. We were checked in by cheerful helpful staff , our room was on the 6TH floor and it did the job . Yes its not the biggest but it had a double bed , bathroom , storage space. Wall mounted TV . Coffee and tea making facilities...and it was clean....what more do you want for a overnight stay? The theatres are a 10/15 minute walk away with ample restaurants and pubs along the…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonably priced and comfy...,"For Central London this was a reasonably priced hotel. Room is small but comfortable. Ideal for a London break, theatre, etc.. Excellent location close to the entertainment centre of the West End. Found the breakfast room a little bizarre (my only negative!) in that it was very much like a college/university refectory with bench tables and hard chairs, clear your own table, etc.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good value for money","Needed a hotel in central London at short notice without paying over the odds, this hotel ticked all the boxes.  Easy to reach by public transport from Heathrow, providing you don't have too much luggage, a few steps from Tottenham Court Road Underground Station and Oxford Street.  The building itself is unassuming, think it was a YMCA years ago, but inside is certainly fit for purpose.  The reception was fairly busy but the check-in was quick efficient and friendly, the Korean guy who checked me in was a credit to the hotel.  The rooms are not enormous but are clean, comfortable and functional, I certainly thought they provided excellent value for money, especially given the location.   The breakfast, as other reviewers have said, is served canteen style, but that wasn't an…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Why the moaning,"My wife booked a theatre,hotel,rail deal and this was the hotel we got.When I checked it out on trip advisor I was stunned by some of the bad reviews and wondered what we were coming to.I would just like to say there must be some very fussy people out there who want to moan about anything.We found the hotel to be in the perfect place to walk down to the west end,it was very clean,the room had all we could need,nice bed,safe,tv,tea and coffee and decent shower.Maybe I was lucky but heard no noise and didn't get pestered to leave room.Our train home was late afternoon but for £1 you can leave your bag in room at foyer.Our safe wasn't working when we arrived but the manager himself came up and tried to fix it then got maintenance guys up and was sorted.The breakfast is excellent…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not of a good standard,"First impression of entering the small room is that the bathroom is decorated in black.  There was one small light above a cupboard.  TIP: If you want to shave buy a torch that fits on your head, otherwise you'll cut yourself, I did.  There were no mattress or pillow protectors so better hope previous occupant hasn't left any fluids behind.  The shower was cold but discovered that the disk with the temperatures on needed fixing.  I did fix it.  Toilet flush was hanging off but didn't fix that as I was only staying a night and didn't think I would need a toolkit packed in my suitcase.  A hotel that will charge £5 an hour for Wifi, outrageous, seriously a rip off.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,Enjoyed our second stay at St Giles. Location is excellent as it a minute away from Oxford street with easy access to all the sightseeing spots. Room is a bit small but found it quite cosy. Breakfast is good with lots of choice. Overall good value for money!,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant city break for two!,"We booked 3 nights at the hotel and since the both of us hadn't been to London since we were kids, the location was brilliant and easily accessible via the tube. Great value, friendly staff and lovely room, yes a bit on the small side but we expected that from a central hotel. Saw a few comments prior to visiting about noise but we only had a problem on the Saturday night/Sunday morning, which still wasn't anything major... even slept with the window open at night time. We will definitely be visiting again! Highly recommend.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location but noisy,"The hotel is very well located, within walking distance of major attractions, including the British Museum, and just a few steps from Tottenham Court Road tube station. My room was tiny, a bit larger than a closet, but after a first disappointment it felt quite cozy. It faced Bedford Avenue, but unfortunately was very close to Tottenham Court Road and the window glass was not thick enough to spare me from the road noise: traffic, buses, a truck noisily unloading stuff to a nearby supermarket. Also, the window had just a venetian blind and no curtain, and light came in at night from the road, and in the morning at dawn.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for theatres and shopping,"I booked this hotel because of the location and wasn't disappointed. We arrived early and left  our luggage with the concierge who were most efficient and helpful. I stayed in a twin room with my daughter and the room allocated was on the 6th floor. On arrival in the room it became apparant that work was being carried out in the rooms directly above and the noise level was quite loud. I contacting reception services and spoke with the duty manager to enquire when the work would be complete. I promptly received a call back and we were offered another room, with an upgrade as a gesture of goodwill as they didn't have a room of the same standard available. We had a comfortable stay, an excellent breakfast and it was a pleasure to have staff that were all very friendly, helpful and…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal For The West End,Myself and my wife stayed here for our wedding anniversary and chose this hotel due to its close proximity to the Dominion Theatre as we were going to see the musical We Will Rock You. We stayed in one of the executive suites which I personally thought was a little on the small side but for the money paid I couldn't really complain. The staff were all very nice and the bed was extremely comfortable. We ate late in the evening at the hotel restaurant and the food was superb. The next time we visit the west end I would have no problems with staying here again although I probably would only book a standard room next time.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Second to none for value,Cannot recommend enough. Great value. Excellent location. Good food. Friendly staff. Lovely room. What more can I say. Will definitely  come again. We booked stay and show. Excellent value and theatre only a few doors away.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Plesant,"I have been staying at St. Giles hotel now for just over a week. I have treated very well and am pleased with it's location, to the area sites it has to offer. It is within walking distance to the train hub and the subway(tube). The room is very lovely and the food is nice also. I would recommend the hotel in the future to others. An excellent place at an excellent price.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money in London,"I stayed in a twin room with my sister last weekend for one night having seen a theatre show. It was the cheapest place I could find so I wasn't expecting much but was very happy with our stay. The rooms are very small, but for one night how much space do you actually need? The room and en-suite were clean and there was a hairdryer as well as tea, coffee and soap (no biscuits!). We both slept well and it was warm. The location for our theatre especially was excellent - five minutes walk away and with plenty of options of restaurants and bars. The following morning we walked to the British museum which also took only five minutes. It's not a luxurious hotel and rooms are small but if you're looking to stay somewhere clean and warm for a cheap London price, I'd go here. We didn't…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good all round 3 star hotel,This hotel is good value for money  It's very central and although the rooms are small it's cheaper than some 5 star hotels with same size  Check in is always bit busy and disorganised but they have a good bar and service is quite good  If u are after good location and a place to just sleep this is perfect and is better than some 5 star hotels I have stayed ,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and price are right,"We stayed here 2 nights. The rooms are rather small but then again you don't really want to spend your time in London in your hotel room. Everything was clean and the room offered everything you need. The location on the other hand is great. Covent Garden, Picadilly and many more are within walking distance. We hardly ever used public transport to get around. And if you fly into LND City you only need to change once at Bank. Great access! What I didn't get is how you can still charge for WiFi nowadays. And it would have been a lot that one needs to pay (I think 10£/day). That's just not ok anymore. There is free WiFi in the bar though.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Very disappointing, shabby hotel","My partner booked this hotel for a one night stay in London for my 50th birthday. After seeing pictures of the hotel rooms online I was quite excited to be staying in an executive double room. Our ""executive"" double room was small, the bathroom was tiny & very shabby!! There was only one bathrobe provided between 2 of us, when I enquired about another bathrobe I was told by the bloke on reception that's all they provide, just one robe. I asked if we have to share it & he replied yes!!! Although he did say he'd check the storeroom & if they had any it would be sent up to our room, a robe was delivered to our room.....at 8am Sunday morning, no lie-in for us then :( At £155 for one night I expected a bit more than we were given, a nice spacious room would've been a great start. I…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dissappointing,Good position and reasonable price but that's as far as it goes. The canteen (It certainly wasn't a Dining room) for breakfast buffet was a joke although the food passable if you didn't mind cueing for 10 minutes with a tray. One lift was out of order our whole stay and the cue for the other led out into the foyer most of the time. The bedroom was small but clean as was the ensuite. In all the hotel made a Travelodge look like a 5 star hotel.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great break,"Booked a surprise break, with theatre. This is my 2nd time at St. Giles was again great, just around the corner from Tottenham Court Road. The hotel although busy was very well staffed, and was greeted immediately with a smile. Our room was large and bed comfortable. The bathroom you could sleep in, very clean. Breakfast was very nice, but the staff were very busy, but still quick. Very nice, central hotel.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good,"Friendly, comfortable, well-allocated and good prices. Staff is good, rooms are clean and deserve the 3 stars mark. You can go to a very good gym with swimming polll directly from the Hotel... Here you can enjoy your holiday in London with no bad surprises... Veramente buono , comodo e di buon prezzi . Io ci sono stato proprio bene. C'è anche una bella palestra con piscina... Lo raccomando",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good tourist Hotel,"Very central to Oxford Street, Covent Gardens and the West End. Rooms small but very clean lovely bathrooms. Staff great. Good bar food. Excellent breakfast. Couldn't complain as price was very reasonable for location.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Bar,"I have been visiting the bar for a few years with my mate probably 4/5 times a year. It's recently changed again (for the better) always good service and atmosphere, I like the fact it has not got loud music and you can chat. Not eaten there, the food looks a bit overpriced for what it is, welcome to London.  Overall this is a good bar and worth a visit,it's still one of my favs in London.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but....,"Well, I'll start with the good. This hotel has a fantastic location. My wife and I stayed here for a couple of days sight seeing. The hotel is ideally located for this. It is a minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. Many of London tourist sights are within walking distance as is the British Museum. However the hotel it's self isn't the best, it's rated as 4* but it's more like a 3*. We booked a double room which was very small. The bed was tiny and more like a three quarters. The shower was either burning hot or freezing cold and the bedroom had a certain odour to it. ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,My wife and I stayed at the Hotel from Friday 14th Feb-Monday 17th and had a great time. The hotel is just around the corner from Tottenham Court Tube Station and Oxford Street. There is a supermarket within a few metres which we could buy a bottle of water and a sandwich for our room on one of the nights.  The hotel bar is very nice and the staff throughout the hotel were very helpful. We will definitely be back. The food from the restaurant was also good.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Watch out for Small Rooms!,We went to stay at the St Giles again last week and were initially given a room that seemed a lot smaller than we had stayed in before so rang reception to complain. They were fine about it and hey presto - without charge - we were changed to a considerably larger room at the same rate. We found that the lifts (elevators) were even more of a problem than before because one of them was out of order (there are just not enough lifts for the size of the hotel anyway in my opinion). This causes long and frustrating waits and using lifts that are invariably crowded especially in the mornings.  Blue external lighting also kept us awake at nights until they were switched off after midnight. Otherwise - a great location and good service. Very clean. Good bathroom.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Aged, uncomfortable hotel",Our room was very small and the bathroom was even smaller and dark. Also having two taps on the sink was very peculiar. And there was only one set of towels even that we were two in the room. Bedding was very old and with bad feeling. Everything in our room was aged and torn. Even the window was very small and kept us for enjoying the great view ( we were on 11th floor ). The only great thing about this hotel is its location,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3 strikes and you're out!,"This is the 3rd time I have stayed in this hotel. First time: room smaller than a prison cell and broken hairdryer. Second time: heating not working, room freezing. Current stay (room 467): bad odour in room, very hot, no ventilation, mould in corner above window and on wall & skirting below window, and to top it all off I've come out in an allergic rash from whatever they use to wash the bed linen. But at least Boots is just across the road so I can go and get some Piriton.  Staff pleasant and helpful, but huge queues for breakfast which resembles a school canteen.  Location excellent.  But this hotel has had 3 chances now and I'm afraid I won't be back.  ",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
4373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Family theatre break,"Stayed one night weather was beautiful hotel welcoming easy to find very central for everything even food very good price drinks ok  Bar was lovely but at 9am it was like the blitz and we had to move a little polite request but the ambiance was changed when a big black curtain was drawn so decided not to stay much linger. After this as was lovely looking out Pool and gym looked awesome but dot not have time to use , rooms small bit enough for a night tea coffee facility and a good shower main moan would be the noise from outside windows really not powerful enough to support the busy streets shame as lovely hotel but would hold us back from rebooking",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Weekend Stay,"We stayed here for 3 nights and had a great time. The hotel is spotlessly clean and our room was a decent size for our stay and had a flat-screen tv and safe.The bathroom was a good size too and had a bath and shower which was hot and powerful. We had the coffee-to-go deal which was perfect for us and we had coffee, a pastry and piece of fruit every morning which allowed us to get out and about early without queuing for breakfast. The lifts were never busy and always came within a minute of pressing for them. An added bonus was the ironing room, a great idea and all hotels should have one!! All staff we encountered were very helpful and pleasant and check-in was quick and easy, we even got in to our room an hour and a half early as it was ready when we arrived. As we had an…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"good location, great value for money.","I stayed at this hotel when visiting London for a shopping trip with my sister. It is just off of Oxford street very central location. There is tube station very close by and if you wish a taxi the staff at the front door are more than happy to get this for you. The rooms are very clean and staff helpful.  There are also a number of facilities such as swimming pool, gym which you can easily access, I did not get a chance to use these facilities but all in all I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,VERY GOOD HOTEL,Hotel molto comodo per trasporto metropolitana Tottenham Court Road 15 minuti a piedi da Piccadilly Circus Pulizia 7 - Cortesia 7 - Comodità 9 Very comfortable hotel for transport subway Tottenham Court Road  15 minutes by foot from Piccadilly Circus  Cleaning 7 - Courtesy 7 - Conveniences/Comfort 9,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Why are budget hotels so poor in London,I have visited a number of budget hotels in London and they are all pretty poor compared to budget hotels in New York and Sydney. London budget hotels inevitably mean tired and small hotels. I do wonder how these hotels survive when chains like Premier Inn offer a far superior budget experience for cheaper!  This hotel falls into the tired and small category. It is very dated and desperately needs the owners to invest in a revamp. The positives for this hotel was the staff who were friendly and very helpful. The location also is ideal for Theatres and Leicester Square.  The décor in the rooms is extremely poor with uncomfortable beds and low lighting. However the room was clean but could have smelt better. The shower has two temperatures freezing cold or scorching hot.,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Value for money, good location","This hotel gives you what you pay for, a comfortable bed, a clean room and a very good location. Close to the tube, the theatres and central london. Food and drink are expensive with very little choice but it does not matter as london has a great selection of pubs and restaurants",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,well its ok,"Arrived at the hotel and yes the location is great but oh lord beware of room 744 tis  so tiny it should be kept for visits from munchkinland. We reserves a triple room but its was basically a fold away single bed and its slightly bigger twin.   First night was horrendous. I ended up sleeping with my 6 year old in the ""double"" bed as there wasn't enough room for my husband and I (neither are fat or tall). Next morning of I went knackered and crabit to change rooms. to be told at reception that all the beds were that size. Shoulders back, chest lifted and formal attack pose complete - "" you can not charge for a double bed when the beds you are charging for are smaller than a standard UK size - yes I had measured)"" Please may I see another room with a standard sized bed please""…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location!!!Value for money!,The location of the hotel is excellent.Almost near to everything!Only one minute from tube station & Oxford street.The room was clean and big enough for one person.Although a little noisy.The stuff at the concierge was very helpful.I would gladly stay there again!,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A cabin experience,"There are two things this hotel has going for it self: 1)  Location - it really is superb. 2)  Staff - they really are friendly and the concierge is super helpful.  Other than that, there is nothing about this hotel.  It's old, and their mindset is obviously quantity over quality.  It was relatively clean, I still found stuff from last guests in our room (an earring on the floor and some plastic wrapping of some sort) which suggests that it wasn't as clean as I tried to convince myself it was, but bed looked clean, toilet looked clean and towels seemed clean.  So, for half the price similar hotels in the area, I really didn't expect much anyways, so I'm rating it as average.  You get what you pay for, and by staying there you're located so you don't have to spend anything on…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"My husband and daughter stayed in this hotel twice before, this was my first visit.  It is extremely well situated within walking distance of Shaftesbury Square and Leicester Square, and if you don't mind walking, you can go as far as the Imperial War museum.  We booked this hotel on one of the package weekend deals with a show, and found it to be very reasonably priced, but you can get show tickets much cheaper as long as you don't mind sitting in the gods.... !  Our room was tiny, but adequate, the bed could do with a new mattress and the pillows might need replaced, but we slept ok.  It was very clean and tidy, but a little smelly, (smelled like someone had left their dirty socks out for a while)...... The breakfast was a bit manic, but it is a big hotel, and they do advise…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shabby but tremendous location,"Stayed here prior to Christmas. Location wise it is really good, located near theatre land, oxford st, Covent garden etc. Rooms dated, small and shabby Bathrooms modernised though  Breakfast was dreadful, it was set up like a mass catered school canteen.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great weekend break,"Stayed in the st Giles for a weekend break . The hotel is in a great location near to the tube,shops,bars and theatres. Check in was swift even though we arrived at a busy time. Room was very clean. Breakfast was good and plenty of it. Would stay again",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend Trip,"This was supposed to be a ""cheap"" hotel for central London I did not expect 4 star quality service, the staff are top of the pops the breakfast is superb the room was neat tidy and very clean, amenities were very good as well as a good central location to everything in London 20 minutes walk to Big Ben London Eye Kings Cross superb location and We will Rock You musical just around the corner, we had a 2 night stay and would definitely stay again",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a budget West End trip,"I booked this hotel for a short trip to London to see Les Miz and Henry V. I was traveling alone, so had an easy time finding a less expensive hotel option. I was more than pleased with St Giles London. The front desk staff were efficient and friendly. The room was exactly as stated, small but clean with good amenities. AS mentioned previously, the walls are thin, and my room was next to the elevators, but I had no problem getting to sleep. However, a BIG issue was the cleaning staff gathering outside my door and talking very loudly on their mobiles and slamming equipment around. Even when I stuck my head out the door and requested some consideration, I was ignored.  The location is about 10 meters from the Tottenham Court Road underground and 200 meter from the West end…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is excellent.,"Stayed here for a week with 5 colleagues. The hotel is located about 200m from Tottenham Court Rd tube and less than 10 minutes walk to the bars and restaurants of Soho.  Decent bar with friendly young staff but grumpy older ones who never seem to want to keep the bar open late. Other staff including bar and reception were helpful, though on arrival we were given 4 doubles rather than 4 twins that were booked. This was sorted swiftly however.  Those that ate in the hotel, both breakfast and dinner, stated it was quite good. The rooms are small, and quite cold. Beware, the walls and doors are thin, so if you get a noisy neighbour, prepare to be irratated.  The hotel is very good value for where it is, but is more suited to the business or group traveller than for a romantic…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disabled traveller booked accessible room in Oct 2013/on arrival no accessible available,"We had booked the St.Giles in london as a weekend treat for my wifes birthday, close to theatre land for an evening out on the Saturday.  We were only staying one night.  Parked our car at the car park beneath the hotel.  When we booked in the duty manager Melissa came over to us to tell us that our accessible room was  not available and they didn't  have one for us.  Bearing in mind we had booked the room last October and had confirmed during this week with the hotel about the room and parking we were very annoyed.  Meliisa could give no explanation except that it was human error.  We were offered a larger room, completely useless if you are a wheelchair user , as I am, and need an accesible shower.  This particular rooom had steps up to the bath.  We explained its not…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for theatre,"Ideal for the west end and for a short stay. Room was small but clean/tidy and had exactly what you need for a short trip.   Staff were friendly, hotel has good local amenities and there are a selection of bars/restaurants within walking distance.  Would stay again, especially if visiting the theatre. ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Value for Money Hotel, Superb Location.","We chose to stay at the St Giles hotel primarily due to its location as we were taking in 2 Shows and it's literally a 1 minute walk to The Dominion Theatre and Tottenham Court Road tube station. The hotel is typical high rise, the only thing against the place is the lifts do get busy and this may lead to a delay in getting to your floor. The lovely receptionist checked us in with no fuss and made us feel very welcome.  The room itself was clean and tidy, comes with a flat screen tv, kettle, hairdryer and en suite shower. Spare pillows are on top of the wardrobe also a spare over-blanket if you feel the need. Brilliant location, superb value for money, we paid £89 for a double room and will stay here again next time we visit the big scary city.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Polite, courteous and very understanding for individuals who are less abled.","I cannot commend the Hotel enough this is the first time we have stayed here, and I cannot thank everyone enough for their compassion, empathy, and understanding towards my wife who is disabled and in a wheelchair. I would recommend anyone to stay here and we will be back.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location and value, clean and efficient.","This really is a ""good"". It's not flash...but if you want a clean room, swift check in and drop key checkout, plus a tremendous location and often sub 100 sterling ... You will not beat St Giles. Only one small issue is that at peak times the lifts can appear slow.... But nothing serious... Can always use the stairs!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,Stayed in the executive suite    Disappointed. As it's old and tired not worth paying the extra for.  Great location.  Had a coffee in the lounge in a cardboard cup no cups used even when you  eat in  Very slow lifts up to rooms.   Will find somewhere else for my next stay.,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel.,"Stayed for 1 night on the 4/02/2014,in order to see the Jersey boys.Birthday treat for the other half.The location of this Hotel is the big plus point,a short walk to Oxford street and 10 Minute walk maximum to Covent Garden,Ok the room we had was small,but we were there to get out and about it wasn't a big issue for us.   The check in was quick the staff pleasant and breakfast fresh and tasty.It was very busy but didn't hear any complaints would use again.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Adequate, good price, excellent location.","Being such an expensive city, I think St Giles is a good option for those who won't give up a central location without paying a lot.  The building itself is an ugly brutalist style construction but that shouldn't put you off. The reception sets the tone for a simple property, Check in was efficient and quick. Having read the reviews regarding room size, I booked a double. The room itself was simple, with no real closet and no minibar, but there was enough room to hang a few items of clothing.The size was (barely) adequate. The one thing I didn't really like was the window, which was small and didn't open wide enough. The bathroom looked like it had been recently renovated and I only missed a proper hook point for the shower head so I could have a proper stand up bath (but that…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mixed Feelings,I booked 2 deluxe twin rooms for two nights in the St. Giles Hotel in early February. On arrival I was told that they had no more deluxe rooms but was offered a free upgrade to an executive room. I was very pleased by my room but my colleagues who were situated on the 12th floor were very unhappy with their 'deluxe room'. After a lot of jibing I decided I had better see the room for myself and allowing that both of us paid the same price (and not cheap) it was a terrible room. Ours on the other hand was very decent and they also offered a free breakfast to us for both days....which we never got to have through our own fault. On the plus side....check in and out was extremely polite and speedy. We had a few drinks on two different occasions in the bar and this was a pleasant…,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"I've been to St. Giles hotel a few times over the past few years. Every time I have found it to be an excellent place to stay. It is situated in a central location, only 10 to 15 minutes on foot to Leicester square and at the end of Oxford Street. Found the staff to be very nice and helpful. We always arrive early and are always allowed to check in before time. Prices are excellent for such a central location. Only problem is the bathrooms are quite small, but if your only staying a night or two then it's fine. Will definitely continue to come back.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location but the rooms were TINY,"This hotel although in a good location, has serious draw backs. Myself and my partner stayed here for 2 nights as we wanted to be in the centre of the city. The location is good although we did spend most of our time on the tube. The rooms and the hotel corridors are not meant for any average sized person, you nearly feel like you are on a ship its so tight. We had a average weight suitcase with us and it was the same width as the corridor itself, NOT GOOD!!! I felt enclosed and have never felt that way before in a hotel EVER. And as if that wasn't enough, room service was a nightmare. On our day of check out room service started as the door from 8am although we had a ""Do not Disturb"" sign on the door. They not only banged on the door repeatably but they also entered the room…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,First visit to this hotel,"We stayed here for 1 night following recommendation by friends, as were on a theatre/sightseeing visit. We arrived at 10.45am, there was a long queue at check in but lots of staff on and the young lady was friendly and efficient. To our amazement our room was ready which was helpful as we only needed to use it as a base after all. The room was small and bathroom quite small but very clean throughout. We were on the 7th floor, so street noise wasn't a problem, blinds worked. The hotel was very busy so we expected some delays with lifts which wasn't a problem either.. The adjoining Hudsons Lounge provided us with a decent evening meal,( it would have been better if the background music hadn't been quite so loud during our meal) with a 50pc discount and ""Happy Hour"" for drinks. The…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb Location,"Looking at the building from outside, this hotel doesnt look up to much, but once inside you will be pleasantly surprised.  It is very clean and the staff are very pleasant and helpful.  The room itself was a little small but very clean and ideal for what we wanted. I cannot comment on the food as we paid for room only as there are lots of places around to get breakfast. The best thing by far is the location, just 2 mins walk from Tottenham court underground station and basically 15 mins walk from Trafalgar square, Piccadilly circus, Soho,Londons theatreland and literally 2 mins from Oxford st.  The Ritz it isnt, but as a base for getting around London its perfect!!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What you can expect in central London,"Pro's 1) Superb Location 2) Overall Ambience  Con's 1) You do not charge for internet per device in this day and age....SERIOUSLY!! You pay 10 GBP for 24 hrs internet (spotty wifi) perdevice!! 2) Overpriced and very small room 3) Stayed in the 4th floor- where the elevator took ages, and the rooms across the elevator would do justice to a dwarf- not to mention permanent stains in the toilets and the reception who refuse to incleade breakfast automatically if you offer to pay for it for ""certain"" types of rooms...",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,come to the hotel just for a sleep and it will be your best choice in London,"I am not too much choosy about the accomodation. The most important for is  that it should be with a great location. clean and smell nice. St Giles London IS clean and smells well  and location could not be better! Something can seem a littke bit shabby and need to be renewed but i really do not care. Some thing i have to point at though: a room could be too cold ( i had it once), at night the street is a bit noisy so you have to sleep with the windows shut, dining room could some days be overcrowded and there were big queues to the hot meals in the morning. There is no free Wifi-this is really sad.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs upgrading.....,"I have stayed here before, so why I chose to again is beyond me, ok it is well positioned for our needs, shopping and theatre. But the rooms are a joke.... Electric sockets if they work.. Are very strangely positioned. The rooms are very small, no lock on bathroom door, just little things which could soon be sorted, so come on St Giles pull your fingers out, your well positioned hotel is getting more like a youth hostel. ",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central,"Friendly and helpful staff.  Bedroom very small, and not modern but clean.  TV was in front of window as there was no where else for it and it blocked light from window.  Shower very tiny - and would have needed a bit of updating.  Noise was a bit much at night as the floors were not carpeted.  Breakfast was a bit mad in the morning - bodies everywhere.  Although it was very reasonably priced and was fine as all i wanted was a bed and breakfast and nip out to a few shows.  So got all that and got to London and at a budget.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonably priced but like being on a school trip,"We go regularly to London but this was a step down in terms of location and general smartness.  The corridors are lino and there are few soft furnishings making noise from the corridors at night very noticeable.  My friends all suffered from disturbed nights, but I was lucky.    The double room was tiny but clean with a good functioning shower and decent bathroom - also tiny.  I actually found the room quite comfortable and slept well.  The breakfast was grim.  Queuing to get in like a school party, told off for allowing party members to wait together.  Getting the breakfast was like a horrible canteen with no charm or service whatsoever.  Apparently you have to pay to use the swimming pool and it is a shared public amenity.  I will not be returning.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very average...,"Stayed at the St. Giles for one night recently. A very unfriendly check-in (not at all personal - you feel more like a number rather than a person). Twin room was okay (small) - bathroom very cramped. Breakfast was like a cattle mart! People everywhere - hundreds! Canteen style arrangement. Felt the general quality of the buffet breakfast was well below par - cheap quality juices (from dispenser machines), etc. Only real positive thing about this hotel is its location. Still an expensive place to stay for what you get - but at the time we made the booking, at €126 for b&b for two people, it was as the 'best' option (price-wise) available.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is the best thing about it,"I unfortunately arrived at the same time as a coach load of tourist whom were checking in, I did wait for a while but fortunately the doorman did spot me and ushered me through the queue - So a big thank you to him!  Lifts were a real problem though as only 3 of the 4 working, very slow and painful every time I went to use one.  Room was very small and right over the Tottenham Court, noise was awful and the blinds were broken so a lot of headlights coming in during the night.  Bathroom very compact but clean and had everything you need.  Breakfast - It's a canteen, sit where you can and get out quick. Don't expect a relaxing breakfast. they did have a decent enough choice though.  location - well as everyone points out it is very well located, but that should not be an excuse…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
4408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellant location,I stay here ehever time I come to London. This hotel is right on the cusp of theatreland and is ideally loacated for Sahftsberry avenue and only a 15 minute walk to the delights of the Strand. The rooms are small but perfectly formed and the hotel offers lots of amentities (if you so desire) but I can't comment on those as I've always been too busy out exploring. Breakfast is a bit of a cattle farm but if you time it right you can eat in peace. I'll no doubt be back at some point this year/next year.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location still great but standards seem to be slipping.,"I've used this hotel on a few occasions now,   I don't know if standards are slipping or I'm getting a bit more fussy.    I did notice the bar area had been refurbished.  Very nice but very pricey compared to our last visit.   The lifts are still a nightmare,  when you can get one. Otherwise it's the stairs all eight flights of them on this occasion.    We skipped breakfast this time as we felt we ate it for the sake of it,  one morning it's fine as a one off but after  that its very bland.  Good choice yes but quality not great.   I did find our twin room very strange, the tv was olugged into the ceiling and turned off at the plug....but it was fine I balanced my sister on a chair so we could turn it on.. I'm a celebrity get me out of here was on when we stayed so we felt the…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Visiting London,"My wife and I have just spent two nights at this hotel. The welcome was pleasant and efficient with the doorman even offering to carry our cases. Our room and en-suite was small but clean and comfortable.  It is a large hotel with a number of floors so, at certain times, the small lifts were very busy.  Our only complaint was that our room was too warm during the night, even with the radiator turned off and the proximity of Tottenham Court Road meant that there was too much traffic noise to leave the small window open. Our tariff was very reasonable for room only and we enjoyed breakfast at a nearby cafe. The central location is good and we would certainly use this hotel again if the tariff was right.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay in London,"My husband and I stayed at St Giles hotel for one night at the end of Jan 14 so we could meet our friends that were visiting London. The hotel itself looks great and clean. The staff at the reception were great, professional and efficient. Our room was on the 9th floor although still quite noisy through the windows so ear plugs might be a way forward but hey it is London after all! Room is quite small but there is another small area with a TV in it so it feels like a mini apartment. Bed was VERY comfortable, duvet was cosy so very good night sleep. The blinds on all windows do let little light in so room isn't pitch black but not an issue in January.The bathroom is small with quite a good shower although this was not spotless when we arrived. The towels were clean but had some…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very basic,I cannot believe that this hotel is still in business. The rooms are tint and lack proper heating facilities and sub standard bathrooms. The so called breakfast is nothing but a joke and reminded me on a school canteen. Stay elsewhere. I had to request an electric heater to warm the room.,Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cramped accomodation,"St Giles hotel has a good location, nice enough reception and a good bar - but the rooms is the smallest I ever have seen. My room had Tottenham Court road outsidere with terribke trafikkåret from early modning. It is like living in a sailboat, except from the notiser.  I will never again stay here!",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
4414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location in London!,"This is a great place to stay! Nearby a lot of places of interest. I was there August 2013 and stayed for 3 nights. Hotel is 4 min walking distance from an undergroud station (Tottenham Court Rd). Also a nice super market (Sainsbury's) is at the corner crossing the street. I walk all Oxford street from the hotel. I walk from the hotel to Westminster, London Eye and back walking. The British Museum is at 2 blocks from the hotel. Rooms are very small but you have to remember that you are in London and bigger places will be much expensive. So I would recommend to stay out as much as possible if you are not used to small rooms. You can iron your clothes is a separated room which has 2 tables and 2 irons, I think there is one of these room for each floor. I did not took my room with…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Daughters 21st birthday treat,"Could not believe how central this hotel was - perfect for oxford street, covent garden etc - rooms small but we were hardly in the room - very clean and bathroom modern and clean.  The staff were very helpful especially concierge.  Breakfast on sun morning was very busy but it was well organised - food plentiful, hot and a good choice.  Could not fault this hotel - excellent value for money in the heart of London!",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, clean but...","I've stayed a couple of times in that hotel and I must say it has always been convenient. Really central, especially for shopping, theatre and nightlife. The thing in that hotel is that you do have a huge difference between the standard rooms and the executive ones. I'll never go back there in standard room, that's the mistake I did the first time I went there. Executive rooms are bigger, with a real bigger ensuite bathroom, they are quieter too and you won't have your breakfast in that awfull loudy ""restaurant"", you'll be served in a cosy and comfy place where you'll be able to enjoy your breakfast. The bad thing about the breakfast there is the coffee, having some decent one should be nice. Service is good, especially before your stay, all the contact you can have by mail with…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not again,"It's always good to start on a positive note, so here we go: Location.  That's about the only positive thing about this hotel. I just came from another hotel in South Kensington with my girlfriend where we stayed three nights. She went back home while I'm sitting here waiting for my colleguages to arrive, unfortunately.  Upon arrival you are greeted by staff which seem to be paying more attention to the men in suits than a young guy with a backpack. Opening the door to my rom was like opening the door to my younger sisters bedroom when she was 14 years old. The scent was insane, someone must have  emptied a can of ""airfreshner"" of some sort, my eyes where bleeding and I had to open the window. I would have anyway because the radiator was glowing red.  The room is small and…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
4418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"This hotel is placed in a central location for exploring,close to theatre land,museums,china town and plenty of shopping.it is a well run hotel,very busy on booking in but it was quick and friendly,used the stairs,there seemed to be a problem with the lifts only small and one was out of order.the room was very plain and simple more suitable to a business stay,it was very clean but only one tea bag available for a double room,only one pillow each on the bed no frills.breakfast was like being at a school canteen, had  to wait in a long queue to self service hot and cold food.I would recommend this hotel for a short stay.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,Came here on a girls trip. Excellent location nice room comfortable stay. Quiet nights sleep nice breakfast plenty of choice.Very busy hotel lifts were small and had to wait so used the stairs. Would return as nice and clean and good location.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Excellently located a stone throw from Oxford street, just a couple of minutes walk from Tottenham court station and the Dominion theatre currently showing We will rock you. Location couldn't be better. Great value for money.  Complimentary upgrade to the 13th floor and free breakfast. staff were friendly and helpful hotel was very clean. definitely re visit soon! :)",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,just what I was looking for,"Booked a single room and was given a double. Loved my stay at St Giles! Very well situated hotel - lovely greeting on arrival and very good room  - window opened, well equipped, tele worked, bathroom excellent. Just what I wanted and I would happily go back again. I didn't use the lifts much - stairs easier. The other thing which I hadn't expected was that I thought the room was stylish, nice colours and the art work looked nice and fitted in. I thought the wardrobe fittings were really good, and again fitted in with the look of the rest of the room. Highly recommended hotel. Very easy to find as well - near to the underground station and near to plenty of shops.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very well run and affordable hotel in an excellent location,"St Giles is a very well run hotel and in a great location if you want to explore London. I stayed for 5 nights and found the booking procedure swift and easy and the checking in on arrival just as easy.  There was a little queue at the reception, but not a long wait and Oman quickly filled in all the paperwork and explained the facilities well. He mentioned the best time to go for breakfast to avoid the rush. The room was very well cleaned and smelt fresh. Rooms in London are not spacious and it seems surprising that some guests expect enormous rooms.  Go to The Goring if you want big rooms and pay five times more. There was space for two guests in the double room and a comfortable chair.  There is good hanging and set down space for clothes and a luggage rack. The lamp was not…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing- will not be going back,"We were booked into this hotel as a large group due to it's proximity to the theatre.  Upon arrival the staff were welcoming enough, but as soon as we entered our room we wanted to return home. We were overwhelmed by the smell of drains, meaning we had to keep windows open. The room was uninviting to say the least, pillows non existent- noise was constant and unbearable meaning we were woken every 30mins (even with windows closed). Bathroom- damp, smelly with ripped shower curtain. Breakfast- cold toast, self service English breakfast- again all cold and tasteless, selection of cheap breads, cheese and ham. I've never left breakfast or a hotel so soon to come home. I do need to say in this hotels defence though that the staff are welcoming and at hand... But the hotel itself I…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
4424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasent experence,"Booked and paid this hotel on line no problems, did enquire about bag drop they stated no problems to leave bag on day of arrival or the Sunday morning, although there would be a charge for the Sunday - there was a £1:00 could not do that anywhere like a railway statio9n good value. Yes the rooms are small what do you expect for the price, good enough for the two of us, it was quite enough for us, bed was okay, small problem with the show cable/lead connection faulty sprayed everywhere - did mention it to desk on checking out. Breakfast very long line and packed in like sardines - they did say the breakfast area was temporary whilst work going on !, we had to move several times for neighbouring tables to get out or in, they did the same for us.....food absolutely no problems…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great location if you want to be near theatres, Oxford Street etc. everything in walking distance. Room I was in was very comfortable double with smallish lounge area, but very nice. A little noisy in the evening but you wont get a central location this good without the compromise. Hudsons bar served very good quality food, a littl pricy after the service charge, but the quality made it worth while.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Much better than expected!,"Just returned from 3 night stay at the St Giles. Having read earlier reviews was not expecting much but do not believe all you read! The location is great - less than 10 minutes walk to Covent Garden and the theatres in Shaftesbury Avenue and even closer to Oxford Street. On arrival at 1pm we were seen immediately at reception. There was some confusion over our on-line booking which was very quickly dealt with in a friendly and professional manner. We also had the choice of floors and a room with bath or shower. We could also check in early which was much appreciated. Our room, while not cavernous was more than adequate in size for two people. It was spotlessly clean and my only complaint would be that it was too warm! At least we could open a window! We did have to wait a few…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but tiny rooms," Great location, metro station at the corner, Tottenham court road. At the beginning of Oxford street and really close to west end. Great restaurants close by. Room small but clean, it was similar to a cabin on a cruise ship.We did not have breakfast and I would not get it here as there were so many rooms that there was a queue for breakfast everyday. You can get cheap breakfast around the corner with no waiting. No free wifi but Overall good service. We would book again just for location. ",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lousy,"I have used this hotel 3 times previously and it was 'ok' on those occasions.  This time however we had a  lousy experience.  I had checked in (and paid) on-line so that I could collect the key from the concierge and avoid the check in queues. The concierge did not have my key and when I went to the Reception/Check in desks, the member of staff kept insisting that I had not checked in on-line and had not paid -- despite me showing her the hotel's confirmation EMail with a payment reference and with a  'check in on-line' completed statement!!! She proposed faxing my confirmation Email to their accounts to check - at this point I asked for the manager who overrode the receptionist and gave me the key without taking any copy of the confirmation Email. The receptionist was…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
4429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My 2nd Visit... satisfied again,"This was the second time I booked the St. Giles in central London.  The first time was almost 5 years ago.  This time I was there for the New Year with my friends, and so we booked a triple room.  On arriving we found a friendly and helpful staff, and on entering our room I noticed an upgrade from my last visit.  Although the room is relatively small (something very common in London), it was clean - for me this is the most important thing.  Even the shower room, small but clean.  Can't complaint about the breakfast, serving a variety of cold and hot items.   I have three suggestions: (a) Free wi-fi throughout the hotel, (b) a cappuccino/espresso machine in the breakfast room, (c) executive rooms catering for three persons.  Above all, I recommend this hotel, and when visiting…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,New Years Eve,"This was our first time at the St Giles arriving new years eve for 2 nights. We checked in online and were given our room key at the concierge desk and directed to the lift. Surprise number one was a very obvious upgrade on what we booked. Lovely room, massive windows with good views, fantastic bathroom with tv and big walk in shower, bathrobes and nice toiletries. Mini fridge in the room perfect for our wine and chocolate, large tv that swivelled to be watched from bed or comfy sofa. Lovely staff and great organisation when everyone was returning at the same time after the firework display. Will definitely stay here again",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too hot and long wait for lifts,Booked this hotel for our Christmas break as it's near to most attractions Not too bad for the money but the rooms are really hot and very small Longs queues in the morning waiting to enter the breakfast room Not enough lifts for this size of hotel as we waited a long time at certain times,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good but small,"Arrived in the St Giles on the 30th December for 3 nights to ring in the new year in London. The room was so ""compact "" i thought they had given me a single room be mistake. This was compounded by the fact there was only one towel in the bathroom plus one hand towel. After asking at reception if this was the case, i was told no, that the double rooms in the hotel were compact, her words, i would have said very small. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly, but as it was Dec 30th, they said the hotel was full. I enjoyed my visit to London as i spent very little time in my hotel room. The towel problem was rectified quickly. Would probably not stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The advantage of this hotel is where it is situated,"This is a hotel i've been visiting for years. You don't have to be here for the luxury because the rooms are getting a bit old and they are not that big. The service is always good and they have a nice bar. Price for the rooms is ok but they are really good situated. Next to Oxford, the west end, 1min away from at tube station. I do not recommend the breakfast, last years i've just had my breakfast at one of the cafe's around.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel,"This year was my 7th time at St Giles. The location is perfect, the staff great. The rooms are a bit small but okay -- after all, I'm mostly out to enjoy London. The breakfast is terrific though this time the breakfast room tended to be very crowded at times.  My only complaint, is that during breakfast time, it's a pain to get on the lift as they tend to be crowded. would i go there again --- like duhhhhh, this was my 7 th time so that speaks for itself",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central location,Booked a two night deal at this hotel last minute through super breaks. For what we paid it was more than adequate. Location excellent and two minute walk from underground station. Room very small but ok as we only slept there and was a base for our stuff. Shower had to be run for a good ten minutes before you got any hot water. Very small bathroom with no bath. Bar food and drinks very over priced. Staff not very attentive. Was able to leave our bags on the check out day which was a bonus. Breakfast room very much like a school canteen but again adequate for the price and got all the usual hot and cold selections.  We would stay here again if the price was right but only because the location was so good,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great central location,I have now stayed in this hotel twice when visiting london on holiday.  The rooms are small but adequate. They are very clean.  The location is great a minutes walk and you are at a tube station.  It takes 30 minutes to walk from kings cross statiion to the hotel.  The breakfast area is a bit like a school canteen and is very busy but be patient and you will get a seat and the breakfast is fine.  I wouldrecommendthis hotel whe staying in london.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best location,"The hotel location is perferct, in the middle of Oxford street and very very vlose to the bus station.The rooms are terribly small but works for sleeping purposes only as we were 24/24 out of the hotel.The staff were helpful.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Will Stay Again!,"I have just returned from a two night stay booked through a comparison website. This is the second time I have stayed here and I must admit I found my first time better but this time was probably down to the time of year (back end of the festive season), at breakfast I am sure I was the only English speaking person there!. What you have to remember with this Hotel is that the price is great value for money for a centrally located Hotel in London and you have to expect “you do get what you pay for” so if you are expecting the services of a 4+ star hotel in the Capital well don’t stop here! BUT you get a great location, very clean Hotel, staff who do attempt to maintain excellent customer service, small but liveable bedrooms, decent breakfast (school canteen I agree), yes the…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would stay again x,"Was pleased with this hotel, excellent reception service, rooms was very small but clean, ( bathroom door was glass! Had my 14 yr old in room so probably that needs sortin) ! No complaints about breakfast food choice good and food hot ! This hotel is ideal for location too !  I would stay at this hotel again. ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Cheap, not cheerful","Whilst the hotel was one of the cheaper hotels we could find, we have since found other hotels for slightly more money that are much better than this hotel. The photographs on the hotel website do not paint an accurate picture of the rooms, or of the hotel as a whole.  Whilst the staff are friendly, the rooms are very small, dated and the bathroom had definitely seen better days.  Breakfast was included but the queue did not make it worth the wait.  The lifts are a shambles and the stairs are like those of a concrete tower block and appear to be used as a smoking area.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Messed up my credit card,"Location is perfect. The room was very small, but clean, so for a weekend holiday all was good. However, they made a reservation on my credit card upon arrival, then charged the amount when I checked out. They also made two extra reservations on my card the day I checked out, so now I have THREE times extra reservations on my credit card, plus the actual payment. We're not talking about pennies here. I've sent two e-mails requesting the reservation to ""be released"" from my card - no answer. This one thing has given me a very disapointing taste of the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We are a family of 4 and booked 2 tiny rooms,The rooms are very small. Prices in London is very high and this is on the lower side 910£ for 2 double rooms with coffe 2 go for 4 nights. To use money for coffe 2 go is noth worth it. There is noise outside so window need to be closed.  This is 7th floor. Window is very small and no view. The carpet should have been changed for long time ago. The elevator is very slow. So many is using stairs. In this hotel there is no extra service. Everything to be paid for. Internet is 10£ for 24 hrs. Next time we will try something else.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"I stayed on December 28th 2013 in a single room. I booked through a comparison web site and paid £85 for the night. The room was very small but had everything you could need, Hair dryer, tea/coffee, TV, shower gel, clean white towels. It was cosy and warm also very quite although the hotel was full. The shower room was very small, I found i could only just bend over to clean my teeth at the sink. Also the shower room was very cold. The bed was very comfortable and everything was very clean. The location couldn't be better with plenty near by including the underground train. The staff were very helpful and helped me plan the best way to get to where i needed. Would i stay there again? yes i would...if the price was right.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The Orwellian Experience!,"It's got a pool, which I suppose is a result so long as you don't mind paying extra to use it.  It's near to the centre of things, which is, I suppose, handy.  I'm afraid I found myself wishing I wasn't quite so near to the centre of things.  The noise at night (even on the sixth floor) could only be reduced by closing the odd little window in the corner of the room; which worked fine for an hour or so until the stuffiness caused me to have to open it again.  This cycle of opening and closing continued all night.  I began to recognize particular drunkards by the peculiarities of their wails and groans.  On the bright side, who needs a window when the view outside is this unprepossessing?  We had one set of towels between us.  The hand soap was broken.  The bed was hard and…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
4445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in central location,"I stayed at this hotel with my mam for a girlie weekend in the capital. We had a twin room which was very clean. The bathroom was small which was not a problem for us as we are both petite. There was a problem with our bedroom window and when this was reported to reception it was sorted straight away. Breakfast reminded me of a school canteen, but there was plenty of choice of hot food, cereals and drinks, and the staff were very quick in ensuring tables were cleared etc. Room tip, ask for a lower floor room as the lifts seem to take ages to arrive and we often just took the stairs.  The hotel is two minutes from Oxford Street and the same to the Tube so it made getting around London very easy.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Magnific stay,"I was here in St. Giles in november for business. The hotel is very centrally located, the staff at the desk very kind, Zak and Mark , the supervisor, was very helpfully.  The room, I booked a single room, was been very confortable, with queen size bed, a very nice and spacious bathroom, but specially very clean. The housekeeper at the first floor was an excellent job.  I taken the coffe and go package, was a wonderful experience. Leva is very kind and she met my personal favour with a special italian coffee every day.  I'll come back of course next year, I reccomend this hotel for all.   Quality price excellent, very good job ! see you next year Francesca from Rome",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for a night,"Stayed here for a night out in London. Room on 12th floor, clean and comfortable only downside was the noise outside due to the wind. Hotel is near station and all the shops and bars. Overall a good hotel.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lucky for us…,"My other half booked this, mainly for its location but it was not just that that made it so enjoyable.  The Hotel is, literally, just a few yards from the Underground station.  An upgraded room had been booked but due to unforeseen problems with the room, we were given a further upgrade to and Executive Room on the 9th floor.  The room met all our expectations coming complete with seating area, plenty of storage for us both, a fridge and probably the biggest shower I’ve ever seen.  The bed was lovely and comfortable but my sleep was disturbed for a while as I forgot to turn the Air-Con off.  The advantage of the Executive room upgrade was also the “Executive” breakfast.  The choice & service was great, as was the quality of the food.  The bar was spacious and the seating we used…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful hotel,"I stayed at the St Giles recently as I was attending a Christmas Party in London.  I have stayed here before and have never been impressed, my company was paying for this visit but I wouldn't have stayed if I was paying for myself.  First of all there was a problem checking in then when I entered my room on the sixth floor it smelled like wet dogs.  I opened the window and went to make a coffee only to find my kettle was half full of brown slime.  I rang to request a replacement but by the time it came I was on my way out.  I thought I would put the tv on however the plug was in the ceiling and it wasn't plugged in, the only chair I could have stood on was a swivel chair so I sat in silence.  The lift takes an age to arrive ( every time) it took so long when I was leaving that I…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
4450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cleaning Staff Lets it Down,"The hotel itself is pretty good - excellent location, nice breakfast, not noisy at all. However, the cleaning staff were pretty slack.  On my first night I opened the toilet to discover what can only be described as the aftermath of an epic number two, that hadn't been cleaned up. Through my two weeks there, I spotted lots of little things that bugged me with them, like having loads of cigarette burns in my bedsheets, or tops not wiped down properly. The staff themselves seemed to spend most of the time arguing in the hallway.  Aside from the cleaning staff, it was a little annoying that the internet is 10 pounds a day. If anyone else is there and needs wifi, the Pret A Manger on Oxford St has good connection and is free.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect to start the London Ceter.,A very good hotel nere Oxford Street and Brittish Museum.If you want to walk it´s onley 10-20 minutes to man places of intressed.To Oxford Street just over the crossing and in the beginning of the same on right side the onley pub on this street.I live in this hotel for five times now and I shure be back.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Overall quite a good hotel, we stayed here for 4 days and took an executive room package which included breakfast in the 24 hour cafe on the ground floor, the room was quite small and would have expected a king size bed instead of a double on an executive package however the bathroom was good with a walk in shower and toiletries and fluffy white robe was provided. The location was was excellent, very close to all the major attractions and shopping areas, I would definitely return to this hotel if visiting London again",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ultimate location,"St Giles is the ultimate choice if you want central location and maximum value for Money. The hotel is large (> 700 rooms) so you can choose from a wide range in standard and rate. My recommendation is to book an executive room or suite. It is still moderate when it comes to fees, but a huge difference compared to standard rooms. And all executive-rooms are located on floors 7-10. The area is busy, so the higher up, the better.  Service is average and staff polite and helpful - if you ask for it. Don´t expect a red carpet - but that ""goes without saying"". It is a Three star hotel...",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing Location, Solo female traveler","I stayed at this hotel In January of 2013 and had an enjoyable stay. I agree with the exceptionally tiny rooms, but the location to everything was truly unbeatable! No free wifi, but the room price makes it worth it. As a solo  traveler, I never once felt unsafe or fearful when walking the streets of this area! I would catch the CitySightseeing Tour Bus on the first stop about 3/4 of a mile away in Piccadilly Circus. A perk was being able to stop by primark every night for shopping! If you are in the city to sightsee and utilize your hotel room for sleep only, I recommend this place.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, tiny rooms","Myself and a friend stayed at this hotel back in October for one night. Excellent location, 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road underground and Oxford Street. Primark right across the road. We paid a total of £129.34 which I thought was quite expensive. Staff on reception were very polite and helpful. We arrived about 10am and they allowed us to check-in early. We had a twin room which was tiny and very cramped. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest. Shower curtain was dirty, looked like it had been there for years. Slept well, bed was comfy. Breakfast was like feeding time at the zoo. Had to queue up for about minutes to get some hot food. Then had to search for a table while carrying our plates was a bit of a mission.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonably priced in a great location,"I stayed here in May13.  Room was very tiny but I suppose this is normal for London unless you pay alot more money.  Annoyed there wasn't any free wifi but the location of this hotel was brilliant and very central being right near Oxford Street.  Tube station around the corner, fab.  Staff not overly welcoming.  It also has the smallest lift I've ever seen from the 10th to 11th floor!  Also they plug that they have a health club with gym and you have to pay additional to use it.  My girlfriend stayed in a single room for 1 night and her toilet was in the shower...nice!",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,Breakfast was excellent food and good value.  my bed is the first thing I check it was faultless  lovely clean white sheets room furnished well pleanty of hangers draws hotel good do with a up lift new carpets etc it is bit dated. the staff was excellent friendly helpful. location fantastic pleanty of lifts 24 hr food right opposite pri mark just off Oxford Street walking distance of Euston train station will be returning good vaule for the price.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London to see the sights,"I've stayed at this hotel before so I knew its location was perfect. If you can walk, everything you may wish to see is within distance - theatres. Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park... And Oxford Street is just around the corner. Be warned though! Your feet will ache! The hotel is very clean, modern and comfortable, the reception and concierge helpful without being intrusive and the cocktails in the bar are a reasonable price and delicious! Will be difficult to beat at the present prices. Would highly recommend.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent central location representing good value for the money.,"Situated just off Oxford Street/Tottenham Court Road, with the tube station just around the corner.Check in is quick unless you are unfortunate enough to arrive at the same time as one of the large groups of guests that the hotel seems to cater for. Opted for an executive room which cost a little more than a standard room, but it was worth it. You get a bigger room, with arm chairs & a table, plus large windows across one wall giving you lots of light & panoramic views across the roof tops of London. The room was clean & quiet, the bed was very comfortable & the bathroom was modern, well designed & clean. There are 3 different places to eat & drink within the hotel, all of which provided good, varied menus with quick service with a smile. We would definitely use this hotel again…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2nd rate hotel,I have always had doubts about this hotel but thought I would try it.First & last time. Single room very small bathroom very small.The breakfast room was 1 step up from a transport cafe Television reception very bad some channels could not see kept breaking up. There was a kettle and 2 tea bags and 2 little cartons of milk. The only good thing about it was its central position. Would not stay again.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"location, location.........","We stayed here for 1 night, and for a one night stay its fine. It is very dated and in badly in need of renovation/updating............ The location is everything - it's only a minutes walk from Leicester Square.The staff on the reception desk were friendly and efficient. Our room was on the first floor but facing a side street so we were not disturbed by street noise, however the room itself was very small with barely enough room to walk around the bed!!!. The bath room although small was clean and well laid out. I would stay here again, but only for one night.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for such a centeral location,"Good base to explore London, very centeral and handy to all transport links for all the main spots of the city.  Simple but you only need a bed, not much point going to London and staying in your room.  Excellent service.  Will be back.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very average/disappointing,"The outside of the hotel is very deceiving. On the inside the interior is VERY dated and dirty in some parts - the mirrors were filthy! The lifts are like something you'd get in an old car park or at the tube station. We walked into the room and our window was banging open accompanied by a weird smell. The bed was rock solid and again, things were very old fashioned (think 1990's cruise ship). The pool was also disappointing and grubby, thought we'd be able to just chill in the water - instead it's either lengths or nothing. The water was also cold and not heated as stated. The only positive about this hotel is the location.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Choose for its location , rather than for rooms or facilities","Good location for Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube - and easy walking distance of Severn Dials , Covent Garden and Theatreland. It often seems to have  excellent deals available , but this is London and you get what you pay for...  My room really was small and rather dreary - although the single , small window was artfully angled to give a view of Big Ben and the London Eye. Clean enough but the room was over fragranced which I suspect  was to disguise the smell of damp. The bathroom had  been refurbished and was fine if , again , very  small - as were the towels.  The bed was comfortable but despite being on the seventh floor I slept poorly  with noise both from traffic / the street and what sounded like someone tap dancing on an uncarpeted floor in the room above at…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel fantastic location,This is an excellent hotel in a very central area.Rooms very clean and staff very friendly.Will stay here again for sure.Thankyou to everyone who made our stay enjoyable and the help given with my friend in a wheelchair.I look forward to returning next year.Thankyou all.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location makes up for other faults,"Breakfast was an upheaval on both mornings. Our room was on the 12th floor and we had to take two lifts, the second being matchbox sized, to reach it. Bed was wobbly. Bar was not welcoming and there was a lack of other communal areas. However, location was great.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, worst bed ever!","Stayed in St Giles for 3 nights in room 307. The hotel entrance, foyer are very deceiving. The room was tiny and dated. And the bed!! The bed was quite simply the worst bed I've ever been in. The springs were visibly sticking up in the mattress. The only reason to stay here is the location and competitive price but I think I'll be searching for another hotel on my next trip to London! ",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"I don't ever complain but worth letting people know honest opinion, customer is never right at this hotel!","Stayed here in December 2013 not impressed at all! Firstly went for lunch in hotel restaurant and asked if the fish and chips were breaded or battered the woman said it was both breaded and battered? Then went to hotel room carpet is vile! Rooms are extremely hot! Dated decor. The next morning got woken up at 8am by a knock on door so left it, a few seconds later a woman let herself in our room wanting to clean it! Then went down for breakfast, 2 other members of our party had already given both room numbers for breakfast so we followed 2 mins later and were told we had to wait in the que regardless of them having our number and our party having a table for 4. When we complained the restaurant manager spoke over us and did not want to accept they were in the wrong.The plates…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location friendly staff,The location of this hotel is unbeatable right near soho and across the street from the tube  The staff is very nice and friendly.  Had a small issue and Elizabeth was extremely professional and helped resolve it quickly.  The down sides as any hotel in a big city the rooms are very small and the elevators take FOREVER  Don't get stuck on the 12th floor have to take a transfer elevator   And pool cost money!,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Twickenham 2013,"We stayed for one night 30/11/13 hotel staff very pleasant , check in was really quick , 10th floor!!!, but hotel has 3 lifts!!, we were right in the flight path and we heard no real noise, location was brill, train station weatherspoons , shops right on the door, it was also perfect for the barbars v Fiji rugby at Twickenham , we also used the Chinese take away in front of the hotel very nice , many thanks would use again for London visits ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"I stayed here for two nights last week with three friends. The hotel came in a package from Superbreaks. Ideal location for getting around London could not be situated in a better location. Fantastic self serve breakfast, rooms very modern clean. Very comfortable beds & good pillows.  All the staff very pleasant and extremely helpful .....rare these days, nothing too much trouble.  We had lots of questions & requests as our first time in London.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Guests are treated as simply numbers. You are Mr. Room XXX. They don't care about your needs. Just expect some help if pay for it.. adapters, WiFi, late check out, etc... Small rooms and plastic toilets.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Big queue for breakfast,"asked for a refund for the breakfast and was told i'd be charged £12 admin fee...pathetic jobsworths. Very noisy here, paper thin walls.   And there was a rat in my room.  Good location but be careful walking back after dark, you will get hassled for small change.",None,1.0
4474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"We stayed at the St.Giles last weekend for 2 nights and I thought it was a decent hotel,the rooms are very small but they are clean and comfortable. You get what you pay for and London is an extremely expensive city so anyone going to London on a budget should consider staying at The St.Giles because the location is amazing.If your lucky enough to be able to spend thousands of euro on hotels you may find better options but for everyone else this is an excellent place to stay.....",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic one night stay,Stayed here last Frigday for one night.  Arrived at 11am was able to go into room straight away room was clean and ideal for what we needed.  Hotel was fantastic for location to all amenities in london.  Only downside was size of towels and we had to ask for more but they arrived promtly.  We didnt eat in restaurant or any other facilities,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the location,I've stayed here many times and have been generally pleased with the accommodations.  I just wish they would do some refurbishments.  The carpets are so old and stained. The bed spreads are quite outdated as well.  The breakfast is acceptable but be sure to get to the breakfast room early or there will be no place to sit. Very poor shower pressure...had to rinse via a drizzle.  The location is great with just a short walk to the west end. The staff is quite friendly and helpful. The price is more than acceptable for a hotel in the Bloomsbury area.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location- Very Nice & Clean Hotel,We stayed here last weekend for 2 nights and we were extremely happy with the hotel. It is situated just off Oxford Street and in a lovely lively spot. The tube is just around the corner. The staff were nice and helpful. We arrived at the hotel about 11am so was too early to get our room keys but we were allowed to check in and pay etc. and then when we came back after our day out we just picked up the keys. The room was small but cozy and warm. Bathroom small also but clean. Would definitely stay in this hotel again.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Had a theatre break with friends in November,  a bit worried after reading some of the comments, so a great surprise when we arrived how great this hotel was,  okay rooms are quite small, but your only sleeping in them, everything is right on your  door step, great shops, restaurants,  great stay,  lovely clean rooms,  very helpful and knowledgable staff,  a big thank you to everyone for making our stay such a success.   Will definitely be booking again.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, dated hotel","My mum and I stayed here recently for three nights and were pleased with the location, but the hotel is dated and certainly needs refurbishing. We stayed in the East tower on the second floor and the room was pretty quiet. The room itself was tiny, and quite difficult to move around with two adults and two suitcases. The bathroom was also tiny, and the shower was a shambles spraying water all over the room.  On arrival to our room, we were greeted with black bags, dirty towels and laundry all over the corridor. Certainly not what you want to see, especially with no cleaners insight. It took hours for them to be picked up. We didn't have breakfast there, but it looked like it was more of a canteen than a restaurant. We had drinks in the Hudson restaurant, and that had a lovely…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than its stars !,"I've been to this hotel twice.  Had acceptable breakfast (reminded me student canteens) cozy little warm room.  Very close to the tube, good area to stay.  Good price, clean rooms. Would certainly come back again.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Beat the queue and check in on line.,"Stayed in a twin room for 2 nights (26/27 Nov 2013) and it really quite good. There was an on-line check in facility and this was excellent as we simply had to pick up an envelope from the concierge on arrival. We got our key at 1210hrs and the room was already available despite having a 1400hrs check in. The room and bathroom were very clean as too were the very comfortable beds.  It is an excellent location (2 mins walk to Oxford Street) and hence it can be a little noisy with the windows open (to be expected) but the room had modern double-glazed windows and, when closed, it was perfectly quiet. There is no doubt the room was beyond small to the extent that even the chair barely fitted between one of the beds and the desk. There would be quiet a bit of furniture re-arranging…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, poor hotel","The major plus about this hotel is its location, right in the centre of London with good connections to most destinations. The hotel itself however is very dated. For a hotel of its size, the lifts are inadequate as they're too small and slow. The room was ok, the room was clean, however for anyone over 6ft the beds are too small. Breakfast was a shambles and reminded me more of a canteen than a hotel. The queues out the door after 7.30am show that the size is just too small.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in Central Location,I was travelling alone but I booked a twin room as other reviews suggested the rooms were small. I also called in advance and requested a quiet room. When I arrived I was given a room at the back and although it had twin beds it was small. There was hardly any floor space in the bedroom and the bathroom was tiny. If two adults had been in the room it would have been crowded.  On the plus side the room and bathroom were very clean.  The room was quiet and the bed very comfortable and I slept well. The flat screen TV had all the usual channels and there was tea and coffee available.  I had dinner in Il Grasso Restaurant which served mostly pasta and pizza dishes with a few extras. It was ok and the staff were very attentive. Breakfast next morning was excellent. There was a great…,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It is what it is good value in a good location,We just wanted a clean bed for the night with good connections to the west end and the main line stations heading north. I had booked a triple even though we are just two. I was aware of comments that the rooms were small. Judging from the double bed section and the shower room that seems to be the case. We had an extra room with a pull down built in single bed. All was clean. One big bonus is being able to leave ones luggage after check out to be picked up later. The price booked directly with the hotel was extremely good. Buses to Leicester square only take a few minutes. Likewise 3 buses go up Tottenham Road to Euston/ St Pancras and Kings Cross again only a few minutes away. So all in all no complaints and would rebook. The rating is average because if the bedroom room and…,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rip off London,"This is a classic example of rip off London. Anywhere else in the UK this would be about £40/night. The worst aspect was the breakfast where the room and catering facilities are totally inadequate and they make you queue for an industrial breakfast that is twice the price of decent stuff in the streets neraby.  Staff were fine and the room, though tiny, was clean and the shower worked. I'd never stay again though.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location.,"The staff at the hotel were warm and welcoming and the rooms were spotless if not a little small. The hotel is situated in the heart of London, just round the corner from Oxford Street and so the location is ideal for those wishing to be in central London.  I would stay here again.                             ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Central.,"Just returned from London, Our stay at this hotel was fine. The rooms although small where very clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly, helpful and always had a smile on thier faces. Breakfast buffet was a great choice, good selction of hot and cold foods. Had to queue at sometimes of morning, but worth the wait. Had a mid afternoon meal in restaurant, excellent value. Cheese omelette  anh salad for £5.95. Very tasty. We enjoyed out stay and would stay again when in London.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"We stayed at this hotel for one night when we went to the Albert Hall.  It is in a great location for getting about the centre of London , everywhere is within walking distance and very close to the tube. The rooms are very small so not advisable if you are a larger framed person, but ok just as a base to sleep, perfectly clean and comfortable . Breakfast was very hectic in an area that resembled a works canteen . On the up side all the staff were very helpful and friendly .",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location great price,"This hotel was perfect location for me, its very close to all the shops and night life. The room were nice and clean i upgraded to a suite which was really nice and was not too much. I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's not luxury but it's not (quite) a hostel either,"I don't have a lot of complaints.  I paid a (seemingly) cheap rate compared to other hotels in the area and didn't have high expectations.  Check-in was efficient and the lifts worked.  The corridors and lifts all look very tired and could use just a little work to tidy them up, but really, I wasn't there to sleep in the corridors and lifts.  When I got into my room, I was a little scared.  As others have said, they are about the size of a shoe-box.  Not to be deterred, I got about my business in the city.  Got back to my room and had a surprisingly good sleep, much better than I expected.  The rooms are small and the place does generally look tired, but it wasn't the worst place I've stayed in.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, small rooms","This hotel has an excellent location, near from Tottehham Station, Oxford St, Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square. The single room is too small, I didn't have space to open my bag. The breakfast is not included, but there are a lot of places to eat around the hotel. There are no free wifi and it was  10 pounds / day.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Be Prepared to Queue,"Check-in was efficient with pleasant staff, we had four rooms booked of which were all very similar even though they were on separate floors. Rooms are small with a tiny bathroom (1m wide x 2m long approx.) but ours was clean and we did sleep well as it was quiet with no noise from the corridor or neighbouring rooms. That was the good now the not so good. Breakfast be prepared to queue before entering the dining room, then be prepared to queue again for the self service buffet (we wasted 25 minutes in the two queues). The dining room was very busy and cramped, school canteen would be an apt description. Breakfast consisted of continental or full English. Continental did not look fantastic so we opted for a cooked breakfast, what a disappointment, very little on offer for example…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad Reviews do not pay this hotel justice,I stayed here back in September and decided to look for a night over the xmas break.  When I read some of the reviews I felt I have to add a good one as this hotel is not as bad as people make out. I was generally surprised when I arrived at how nice this hotel was due to the cost.  Busy yes but once in your room it was comfortable clean quiet.  I stayed for just 1 night and did not realise how central it was to the shops theatre etc.  Staff were very pleasant.  The gym and pool are amazing.  I have stayed in London many times and it is difficult to find somewhere for less than 100 pounds and the gym and pool are an added bonus.  Yes at breakfast you have to queue and you sit wherever you please but the food was very good and the choices were the same as at any hotel.  If you…,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location location,"The location of this hotel is really good - it's a two mintue walk from Oxford Street. The room was a bit small but clean, and check in/out went fast.  This hotel is an evident choice for a shopping trip to London. It's also in walking distance from British Museum, Trafalgar Square, Big Ben & Westminster.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles: Fawlty Towers,"So checked into this hotel,, which from the outside, and the foyer looked relatively nice, not spectacular, but not horrendous. This was until i got into the corridors near the rooms. The walls were shabby, and the carpet was filthy. When i arrived at my room, the bathroom was the size of a broom cupboard, and the room itself looked like something you'd see in the 1970s. There was a dirty condom in the shower, and the room had a grubby feeling to it.  Breakfast the next morning was like something from a holiday camp, and there were hundreds of children there, and the food was bland, and mass produced. Would rather sleep in a ditch than spend money on this hotel. The worst hotel i've ever been in",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central London stopover,Fine for a one night stopover to visit the theatre. Bar and restaurant clean and very hospitable staff. Bedroom was rather small with a small sitting area but clean and warm and beds comfortable. The breakfast room was chaotic with a very large number of visitors milling around. Not sure what would be the best time although it did start to thin out about 0945. A very central Hotel for the Westend theatres and shops.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Compact,"Stayed overnight after watching a show. Single room...very tiny indeed. The bed was comfy but that's about it. A far superior room and better quality outside of London making it rather expensive for what you get. The breakfast room resembled that of a holiday camp. Long queue for breakfast unless you get there at 08.00. On the plus side the concierge were very helpful, close to Oxford St, tube and West End Theatres",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hope you like waiting,First problem I had to change my room because it was dirty and smelt like damp. The staff on the reception were lovely and got me a new room straight away. Didn't sleep well because of all noise from outside. You have to wait for the lift up 20 mins and if you want breakfast get up at 7am or earlier or your got a very long wait. Plus you have to pay for wi-fi in most hotels it's free. The staff nice & friendly but the rooms need cleaning properly and long wait for everything.,Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice room won't compensate for utter chaos,"I've heard the phrase ""what do you expect for a central London hotel"" a time or two and can go along with that to a point but the St.Giles frankly takes the biscuit. Yes the room was nice, very clean with relatively fresh décor. Here the good points end. Breakfast is a chaotic shambles of the highest order. A large queue snakes out of the dining room (more on that misdescription later). 1 person is in charge of letting people in for breakfast, now there are two types of guest, 1 like myself with bed and breakfast and a little card to prove it and those who are room only who pay for breakfast each day. The problem is the dining room monitor will deal with everyone on a first come first served basis and most people seemed intent on paying individually by credit card. I stayed 4…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,Stayed at this hotel before so knew what to expect re rooms and breakfast so decided to book a room only.    Good location for Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube station.   The reception staff were efficient and friendly and our double deluxe room was very clean and of a good standard.   It is a three star hotel and the price reflects this and for visiting London it is ideal.   The hotel needs to sort out its lift problems as I imagine most people staying here complained about this.  If you have mobility problems make sure you ask for a lower floor so that you don't have to use the lift all the time.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only very early breakfasters should consider staying here,"The Hotel is very central and easy to find.  Easy access via tube etc.  Grand entrance, was a problem with the booking but they upgraded to a double room very quickly, so happy with that. Room clean and neat, all mod cons, a bit on the small size though, glad I wasn't sharing the double room or we would have been falling over each other to get back and forth to the bathroom.  Lifts are slow and compact, you wait a long time for one and a lot of people gave up and took the stairs, not to bad if you are on the fourth floor, wouldn't have been happy with this scenario if it had been the  9th floor.  Breakfast time is a bit of a circus, if you want a decent meal and a seat be prepared to be there by 7/7.30am, otherwise be prepared for a long queue, I declined and bought breakfast…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Busy, dated and poor planned out",A few colleagues and I stayed here a few nights ago. The biggest compliment I can give this hotel is its location- right in the centre of London on the end of Oxford Street. However I can't say the hotel itself was fantastic. The place is pretty tired and dated and incredibly busy. The check-in process takes a very long time. Our rooms were on the Roof Terrace which is on the 12th floor however it takes 2 lifts to get there and the whole floor looks like it's under construction. In addition the restaurant for breakfast requires you to go through a maze of passages just to get to it and has a set menu.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not very nice at all but depends on what you want,"So my wife's company had an event on so they provided hotel accomodation for the night due to late working. I stayed too as the next day it would save on the commute in to work for me. I absolutely hated the room as it was tiny and the bed was awful. Had a horrible night's sleep and now i'm immensely tired at work. I should've stayed home.  However, it is important to be objective as this hotel provides budget rooms which is what I stayed in, so I guess I got what my wife's company paid for. The other thing is that we usually stay in 4*/5* hotels on holiday so I can't really compare.   Room Very small and the only space to manoeuvre is around the bed but miraculously they still manage to squeeze in a desk with a chair. There is small wall mounted TV which gives some channels.…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Extremely noisy.,"This hotel try's to play the 4 star role, however in reality is a cheap 2 star. Reception is very grand, the room was grotty.  The bathroom looks like black marble it is in fact black formica and minuscule, no bath.  The noise even from the so called quiet Bedford Street side is just appalling.  Don't waste your money staying here, pay a few more pound and get a proper 4 star hotel!",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girls weekend trip,"Hotel booked some six weeks before our trip, but on arrival - four ladies,  we were advised that two double (executive) rooms had been booked.  Following extensive discussion which involved three different members of Reception staff, we were advised that we would have to share two double beds.  As no rooms were available, allegedly, we viewed the executive double rooms.  As none wished to share beds, two members returned to Reception.  When told that we wished to leave the hotel and asked Reception staff to book us alternative accommodation, two twins rooms magically turned up. This debacle took one and a half hours, cutting short our afternoon plans.  Add to this the queue for breakfast and waiting for lifts, it coloured our view of St. Giles. The location of the hotel is…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Horrendous queues for breakfast,"Nice hotel in an excellent location just off Oxford Street. Rooms were adequate, but some of the agents at the desk could be better.  However my worst experience ever in a hotel, was the horrendous queues for breakfast.  If you go down after 8.00am for breakfast it will probably take you a full hour.  Something must be done as it's simply not acceptable.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Run in another direction as fast as you can,"Trust me, you don’t want to stay here. Nobody wants to stay here. This is a horrible place and, with out question, the absolute worst hotel I’ve ever had the misfortune to stay in.  The location is brilliant, but does not in any way make up for the awful hotel experience.  Staffs are rude and unaccommodating (And I’m from Norway. We’re known for our atrocious service and unbelievable rudeness).  Elevators do not work. I spend more time waiting for the elevator, and walking up and down the stairs, than I did traveling back and forth from Norway.   My room, I think, was a converted broom-closet. When I opened my suitcase there were no floor space left, so it was impossible to move around the room.  The blinds were inside the window and would not pull open. You could open and close…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girlie Birthday Trip,"Stayed as a group of 8 for one night whilst celebrating a friends birthday. The hotel is in an excellent location. Check in was straight forward and the rooms were all ok. The hotel is very large and the only real fault is that there are only 4 lifts, and there was always a large queue for them. We had the breakfast to go which was easy and quick and very nice - I did notice that the queue for a full breakfast was horrendous and from conversations had this seemed to be a regular occurrence. The bar was nice and comfortable and the prices were typical of London. I will definitely return to this hotel",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would never stay anywhere else in London,"Just back from a fab weekend break in London.This is the third time we have stayed at the St Giles, and we would never now book any other hotel. The location is prime - just next to Tottenham court Road, within easy access of the subway and central for everywhere we wanted to visit. The staff are polite, courteous, and nothing is a bother. As usual, our room was clean  warm and well equipped ......from fridge to hair dryer.......well done St Giles yet again.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but nothing else","This is a very large hotel with 670 rooms, but only 4 elevators to transport all the guests up & down 12 floors. Waiting time for the lifts can, during weekends, be as much as 10 minutes. Not to mention waiting in line to get into the breakfast restaurant (which resembles a school cafeteria), then wait in another looong line to get the actual breakfast. If you eat what is offered, you will at least not leave hungry.  It’s officially 3* rated, but is (with Scandinavian standards) a tourist class hotel.  Due to the insufficiency of lifts and the presence of stairs, the hotel is not suitable for wheelchairs and disabled people.   The staff is somewhat uninspired, but not unfriendly.   We stayed in a reasonably sized twin room on the 1st floor for 4 nights. The bathroom was good and…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, clean and professional hotel.","Nobody is going to rave about this hotel, but apart from some issues it would be difficult to slate it either.  The best thing is the location in Bloomsbury, walkable to Oxford Street, British Museum (and Museum Tavern - top tip for real ale and good wine).  If you get a good deal book it!  Breakfast is very ordinary and queues can be long to get served so allow for this. Check in was friendly as was the concierge. Well designed in that rooms are at an angle and don't overlook each other, but an awful modern concrete exterior.  This is a big city hotel with lots of rooms so don't expect seclusion and special treatment.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Hotel just situated off Oxford Street, ideal for shopping and landmarks of London. Stayed in double room for two nights, slept well both nights, beds are rather hard to sleep on though. Room was small and clean.  Stayed on first floor, room only basis, however plenty of eating places near by. Price reasonable. For the amount of staff on the check in/reception area, they could have took more time being friendly both at check in/out time. They were efficient but weren't welcoming. If visit London again, would use a different hotel even if had to pay that bit extra.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No way out,"Every year I visit this hotel with my mum and we love it, this year due to illness my mum uses a wheel chair. The staff and hotel it's self was fine, unfortunately this could not be said about the lifts ever time we wanted to leave the room we could never get in the lifts every time I wanted to take my mum out of the hotel or back to the room we would have to wait 20+ mins to get a lift , then to top it of we got trapped in it for over 20 mins . Out of 4 lifts only 1 or 2 were working . Very stressful for a disabled person and the person supporting them .",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,LOCATION location location,"This is my second time ay this hotel . stayed  here for 3 nights in November ,in a  executive double room at 4 th floor .our room was clean ,and the coffee facilities very helpful. I booked this room because I knew the  normal rooms are very small . We were paying  129 english pounds per night with no breakfast,which I  knew it was poor and the restaurant very small ,so every day I was watching people queuing to have breakfast.not nice  But no  Wi fi ???? we had to pay to get some internet ?????? and the lifts we were locket once in  it was  very scary.I thing the people are not interest to do more because they have the  best  location !!!!!!!",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,2 day stay 12th?14th November 2013,"My husband and I had an very enjoyable stay at st.Giles Hotel - nice hotel - food excellent. Unfortunately after checking out on the 14th I realized I had left my engagement ring in the room, and at around 12 p.m. phoned hotel and told them where I had left it.  About 12.45 they returned my call to say the room had been cleaned and there was no sign of the ring!   Went back to the hotel and spoke to the duty manager who logged the incident for the security manager to read on the following Monday.   We found the manager to be very helpful and he said the incident would be looked into - but to be honest I don't hold any hope of seeing the ring again.  Would suggest future guests be extra  vigilant  - still very upset! !",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just OK,"Stayed here for two nights in November, double room on the sixth floor. Very noisy during the night, room was VERY small and dated, en-suite grubby no vent, so room became damp after shower.  Didn't use tea and coffee facilities as nothing appeared clean, not even towels! All that said it is relatively cheap, good location and check in staff were lovely.  You get what you pay for and if it's just a base you want then it's ok.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Busy but Brilliant Hotel,"Perfect location for shopping, theatres, tourist sites etc. A big, modern hotel that is always fairly crowded.  Breakfast was like being back in school or at a huge holiday camp, so not a great experience, but other than that a really good place to stay. The lifts (elevators) are too few for the size of the hotel so long wait times can be experienced especially if one breaks down.  I would recommend room only and catch some breakfast in nearby coffee shops and bistros. We have been back there several times now and would always choose St Giles if we can.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Avoid like the plague,"My office paid over £90 for me to stay here at a ""discounted"" rate and it was without exception the worst hotel I have stayed in in 35 years of travel all over the world.  It is like a really bad youth hostel - ""hotel"" should get them prosecuted under UK trade laws. Problems are too numerous to list, but include 45 minutes queue for breakfast, inedible food, far too many guests for all the staff to cope with, non-functioning lifts forcing me to walk down 4 flights of stairs with a heavy bag and trapping an elderly disabled man upstairs, a dingy noisy room with no curtains.  Needless to stay, no managers ever appear leaving hapless, poorly trained young East European staff to deal with the crowds of angry guests.  The attitude to guests is illustrated by the fact that when I…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,just don't,"do not be seduced by its excellent position or the pleasant and helpful staff.At best this is a two star hotel.  My room was one of the most depressing i have stayed in with cheap furnishings and what looked like original tired 1950's bedstand lamps and lightstand. This was said to be a deluxe room so my mind boggles as to what a standard one must  be like. The breakfast room is reminiscent of a factory canteen. I had the cooked breakfast. The sausages I found inedible. The toast was being mass produced, placed in baskets and allowed to cool so was cold and soggy. when i asked for hot toast I was given barely browned bread but at this point gave up.So however tempted you may be to book this hotel because of its location  - just don't",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A good budget place to stay,i stayed here mainly because many years ago I stayed at the old Central YMCA and this hotel is built on the site of that old Edwardian building.  The YMCA still have a pool and gym on 3 floors of the basement which hotel guests may use for a small fee.  My single room in the hotel was vey small but very well designed so that it had all the essentials for a short stay and as my room was on the 11th floor it had a view over the city. The hotel is well situated being only a few steps from the Tottenham Court Road Tube station.  Oxford St is just around the corner and there are a number of small eateries near by.  The hotel is quite large and very busy with a number of groups of young people when I was there so it is not for people who want peace and quiet.  I would stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pretty good.,"Myself and 2 friends stayed here in late October for 1 night, booked through LateRooms. It was £150 for a three person room (1 double bed, 1 single) incl. breakfast, which is quite frankly amazing value for money- the hotel is 30 seconds walk from Oxford Street and every other hotel in the area is well over this price). Reception was always busy, even when we returned from a night out at 2am! But service was quick, efficient and professional.  Our room was on the 7th floor and was pretty adequate, with a clean modern bathroom and a pretty good view of Oxford Street and the BT tower. We ordered room service which was pretty expensive (I work at an airport Hilton Hotel and prices were similar but not as justified)-£12 for a club sandwich which came in a brown paper bag with…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average,"My second time here and not nearly as good as first.  Last time I as in the executive rooms which are really good and the executive breakfast far better than this time.  So, this visit - check in was smooth and staff very helpful.  Standard single room was adequate for a night but very small.  Breakfast arrangements for the continental breakfast are a joke. Queued for 15 mins to just get in to the breakfast room to then join another queue for food, from the canteen style tray system, only they 'd run out of trays and some cutlery.  I ended up just grabbing a couple of croissants and a coffee before leaving.  You have to be prepared to share tables also.  I'd go to Starbucks next time.  Hotel is very well located however so would consider again but not with the continental…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not the best!,"Good location right next to Totemham Court Road tube station. Nothing else was good I'm afraid. Room was small, no curtains just blinds that were within the window and didn't work. Room was cold and you were not able to set the temperature so just had to add the extra blanket to the bed. No decoration at all to the room. No pictures etc and the lighting was poor. Very loud traffic noise which never let up through the night, if your a light sleeper you will need ear plugs. Breakfast was unfortunately very poor, school canteen comes to mind and the cue was huge. We tried to eat it as it was in the price of our stay but after a few bites we went off to Starbucks. If you have not yet booked to stay here think twice.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does What It Says On The Tin...So To Speak,"Stayed one night November 2013.  Needed a central location for one night - single traveler and this just ticked all the boxes.  Great location in the centre of west end.  Checked in online so as soon as I arrived the lovely concierge gave me key and told me where room was was.  Small but adequate single bedroom with en-suite, clean, comfy bed and fresh linen.  Didn't stay or need breakfast but my suggestion to other guests is to sample a good breakfast in the heart of Soho.  Only drawback is that of other guests slamming doors at 2.00ma in the morning, but as this is Central London one can overlook this.  Would stay again and would recommend to those wishing a quick overnight stay in the heart of London.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,"Stayed here Sunday 10th November. Promp and efficient lady on the check in who allocated us a great room with brilliant views over London. We had a room on the 9th floor with a seperate office space with a second tv, desk and seating. The twin beds were comfortable, we had a fridge, safe and large air conditioner. The room was cleam and far beyond expectations for the price paid. the hotel is in a good location just off Tottenham court road / Oxford street area and is ideal for a short walk to Leicester square, Soho and Regent street. Breakfast was excellent in the morning, self service but as much full English as you wanted and any cereals, fruit etc all included in the price. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. Fantastic value in a great location.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"We needed a hotel for the weekend but as it was London Fashion week all our usual places were booked. Luckily we found this gem. Located near to whereTottenham Court Road meets Oxford Street it's an ideal location for the British Museum, shopping or eating in Soho. All of which we planned to do. The welcome and staff efficiency were second to none. The room was a little small but despite the hotel's busy and central location we got a nice quiet nights sleep. And as a bonus the price was amazingly cheap (for London!). Ten out of ten.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT POSITION FOR TUBE & CENTRE OF LONDON,"good hotel with small rooms but just right for short stays only problem was the heating was too high and you can not turn the radiators down. great position just remember to turn left when going out of the hotel for the nearest tube station, we did not get breakfast option but you get a coffee to go with a piece of fruit and a pattiserie, this option came in handy as the queue for breakfast was a nightmare, get down early if you have the breakfast to avoid the long wait.  good bar with a 25m swimming pool which you do have to pay a samll fee for, but the location is just superb also hotel was very clean so would certainly use it again",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Morning Baristas are the best. Great service. Great start for London holidays!,"We have really enjoyed our stay in St Giles, great central location, you can walk to oxford and picadilly streets. Near by are lots of things to do...shops, eateries, bookmakers etc....In a hotel, we were especially impressed with cafe staff, Liga and Zane from Latvia. Very friendly, positive, and great advisors for London sightseeings! So if you need advice or the best morning coffee- go to St Giles coffee shop and enjoy before rushing anywhere else. Thank you Liga & Zane!",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disorganised,"Did not find my reservation at check in, took ages to finally get checked in. Room id tiny and very basic. Poor amenities.  Breakfast was a complete disorganised shambles. Took 45 minutes to get in one queue for both continental and English breakfast whether you wanted both or not. Poor quality. They need to reorganise the space and how they manage breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small room, but great location!","I stayed in a single room for 3 nights. There was no room to swing a cat, but it was clean, in good condition, and just a one minute walk to Tottenham Court Rd tube station. Great value considering the central location. If all you need is a place to sleep, shower and store your luggage, then St Giles is the go!",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in the center,"The hotel is perfectly located, close to the tube and Oxford Street. Lots of very nice restaurants in the neighbourghood. The hotel is clean and the breakfast excellent and fullfilling. But the rooms + toilet are a bit too small. Also, the room gets quite warm at night. The hotel in general is very big, and thus the service tends to be a bit unpersonnel. But all in all a hotel I will consider staying at again.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"This hotel is in the most perfect location for short visits to London.  It is by no means luxury but its 700+ small rooms would seem to be kept in spotless condition. In an area such as this you only need somewhere clean and comfortable, you obviously are not going to spend time in your room. We found the staff to be efficient and as personable as its possible to be in a hotel of this scale.  The price is about as competitive as its possible to get in central London, we went for the'coffee and pastry to go' option and found it perfectly satisfactory.  The queue for the full breakfast looked quite large.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location & Breakfast Selection,"I stayed at St Giles for one night on business. The location is good for the tube (Tottenham Court Road) and Oxford Street. Room was a good size, and clean. Breakfast was included and they had a good selection to choose from. Would stay again if visiting the area on business.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,exceeded my expectations !,"Having read some reviews placing Saint Giles as an average hotel I was happy it definitely exceeded my expectations. It is a hotel made out of reinforced concrete so there are no old noisy wooden floors. I was surprised to see that rooms were renovated and the toilet and the bath tab like new. Of course rooms are small -as in most medium priced London hotels- but they are very well designed so you get the feeling of a more spacey place. The small bathroom does not look bad because everything is well designed and new. I have asked for a quiet room and this was what I got. Also all rooms have view!  Breakfast was great however the breakfast lounge begs for some color, it would enhance the experience. And I forgot to mention the location, as central as it could be. I would…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Problem Hotel,First the plus POINT good location..That's it This hotel is very close to tube station.A lot of work of work is going on causing a lot of noise with no real let up.Rooms are very small.Lifts can't cope with amount of guests.Breakfast is a joke as it is very poor with little choice and you have to join a line (like being back at school).On returning to train station we talked to taxi driver who said most taxi drivers knew of hotel as being poor and a real rip off.How true...never again,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base for Oxford st and covent garden,Good hotel central location for sightseeing handy for the tube - hotel a little tired but good value for money. Leisure facilities not in the hotel but in an adjacent building. Very helpful concierge and reception staff - knowledgeable of the area and walking distances.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short vacation,"Upon arrival, we were greeted by the staff of a well presented hotel. Short distance from the train station, the St Giles Hotel is easy to get to and reasonably priced considering its location.  Our double room was well presented and we were provided with a safe, television, kettle etc. The room was fairly basic but hygienic and comfortable, perfect for a short stay.  The restaurant again very good, resonable prices and both waitresses were lovely!  A simple hotel but we would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Another pleasant stay,"My fourth visit to this hotel, didn't dissapoint, was able to check in early at 9am, staff were great and friendly, especially the  ladies at the coffee to go kiosk, concierge service is great, room is clean and a decent size, location is fantastic and price is unbeatable.. Wouldn't stay anywhere else ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location,"We needed a bed for he night as had a dinner dance at one of the other nearby hotels - which would have cost twice as much to stay in. All we needed was a bed for the night and a place to shower and change beforehand. The bed was very comfortable and the shower excellent. Not sure how the blind worked - hardly an issue in early November when your not exactly going to be woken by blinding light as 'the crack of dawn' is well after 7am. I got given a huge bunch of flowers and the hotel staff kindly found a vase to keep them in so they were still fresh the next day.  First attempt at booking didn't work - using one of the agencies, but the direct booking with the hotel was the same price.  It was nice to have a view over London. We didn't try the breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great service, great location.","We originally stayed at St Giles in August 2011 for a couple of nights. Found the staff extremely helpful, courteous and nothing was too much bother. Rooms were clean and had everything we needed.(We had three rooms) Absolutely ideal location, close to shopping precinct and transport was a breeze with the bus about a minute away and the underground less that a 5min walk. We recommended this hotel to friends that were going over in October this year. They thought it was everything I had said and were really grateful I had recommended it to them. We are going over in April 2014 and for the week we are in London we will certainly be booking back into ""St Giles"".",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very impersonal,"Despite the hotel being given advance warning that this was a 25th Wedding Anniversary stay, nothing at all was done, not even a few flowers, or a complimentary drink! Thankfully we had booked an Executive Room which included breakfast, although this was not made clear on the website. The best thing about the Executive breakfast is that it is served in another room which is quieter, more comfortable and quicker. Apart from that, the hotel is crowded and very impersonal. The location, however, is very central.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location,location,location",We spent a two night break here and this hotel was perfect for us. Reasonable price for London at peak times.The double room was small but  clean and had everything we needed. Comfortable bed and BRILLIANT little LED reading lights at each side - superb touch. There was a bit of noise from outside with window open but it is central London. Minor criticism the open wardrobe area was too small for two people. Shower room perfect excellent power shower. Breakfast serving area is too small so quite long queues and food choice a bit  more limited than top hotels but it was fine. Would definitely be back.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money,"This is the second time this year I have stayed in the St. Giles hotel, and again I am not disappointed. St. Giles offers a basic but excellent service right in the heart of the 'west end'. From competent,friendly staff to a great concierge service. All the guys who work at the concierge desk/area are very friendly & very good at their jobs. Most attentive. Many thanks again St. Giles for an affordable London stay",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"""Personal belongings missing""","The Hotel is in a perfect location to visit the sites of London.  The room was small but very clean and well equipped.  We visited London for our Silver Wedding Anniversary and on the morning of our anniversary my wife and I opened our cards from friends and family, she left the anniversary cards on the bedside table, the empty envelopes she put in the bin under the dresser.  The next morning as we was packing to leave we noticed the cards was missing, we complained at reception but although the staff was polite they had no sympathy or understanding of our loss, my wife was very upset.  We decided to write to complain rather than stand at reception being pushed to one side.  On returning home I sent an e.mail to the hotel with our concerns regarding personal property being taken…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Emergency Stay at St Giles,Got stuck in London due to rail problems following St Jude storm. Managed to book last couple of rooms at St Giles at very short notice  - and at their normal on-line rate which is more than can be said of many London hotels that day. Not having stayed here for many years I wasn't expecting much but generally was pleasantly surprised.  Room was small but functional - bed was incredibly comfortable ( better than the Holiday Inn beds I had spent the previous 2 nights in). Staff were friendly and efficient at both check in and check out. Location is of course excellent - I min from Oxford St and short stroll to Leicester Sq / Covent Garden etc. Only real downside was the poor fitting windows - strong draught through tem and the integral blinds did very little to keep the light out.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Standard of Accommodation in Fantastic Location,"I booked the St Giles Hotel on the recommendation of two separate friends and was not disappointed.  The rooms were compact with a fantastic use of space, clean and well appointed.  Staff were very helpful.  Location wise - you really cannot get more central - we walked everywhere.  Didn't eat in the hotel, but felt that the accommodation was good value. Will certainly be back.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Super staff, lousy breakfast","If location and economy are the two 2 most important parameters St Giles Hotel is a good choice. However if you prefer cosy to busy, and healthy breakfast to cheap carbohydrates and waiting in line consider staying somewhere else. Stayed here 5 nights and would have given St Giles Hotel no more than 2 stars. But the last morning I somehow forgot my passport in the room. I discovered this at checkin in Stansted only 1 hour before my flight was scheduled. I called the hotel reception and concierge, and they immediately organized a driver and actually managed to get my passport to the airport in time to get me on my plane. I.e. an extra star for the REALLY GOOD SERVICE.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a visit to London,"Lovely trip to London and stayed here over night.  Executive room for us which was spacious, clean and comfortable.  Standard room for the children which again was roomy, clean and comfortable.  Super facilities and lovey breakfast.  Helpful and friendly staff.  Would stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Both good... and bad!,"Good points -Excellently located, the rooms are small, which is to be expected in London. However they are very well designed and equipped, so it works quite well. Small but excellent bathroom with a wonderful shower. Very helpful and friendly staff, especially on the check in desk. Bad points - Bed was small and hard and lumpy - I hardly slept at all! Cleanliness of linen and towels needs checking, it looked a bit suspect and one towel was awful.  Breakfast was an awful experience, if I had known what to expect, I wouldn't have bothered or would have paid to go somewhere else. The room is very badly designed and very busy and noisy.  My husband queued for 15 minutes to get his breakfast and there were separate queues for drinks.  The food was nothing special. I don't regret…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but that's it ,"Just back from a 5 night stay with my boyfriend. We were in room 113. Location is v Central however the accommodation itself was not good. On arrival the room was tiny however I thought it was clean so it'd do. I was wrong. First night I came across three tiny creatures in the bed, I squashed them and thought they must of come through the window ...... By the end of the stay both of us were covered in bites ! Bed bugs !!!! Had a look at mattress and it was filthy . Would not stay here again unless I was sure bugs were gone! No excuses for bugs ",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just 1 or 2 things to fix,"Stayed here for 3 nights as part of a NFL package. Will be here again i promise, why ? The hotel is in the perfect location for central london, indeed maybe even further as the tube is just around the corner. Rooms are small but with this location its basically a place to sleep. The staff are attentive, friendly and helpful (special mention to the gentleman who was outside the door in a suit so sharp it nearly cut me) breakfast is varied and plentiful and tables are cleared quickly. As the title suggests however there is one or two small things to fix, i would suggest fried eggs and mushrooms at breakfast time especially the eggs, as to me fried eggs at breakfast are quintessentially english. The other is to promote more  the VQ restaurant(which i will review seperately) as this…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, busy hotel.","Fantastic location! 3 minutes away from Tottenham Court Road tube station & Oxford Street. We stayed in a twin room overlooking the front of the hotel. The rooms are compact, as is the bathroom! The hotel is very busy & quite noisy as a result. Constant banging doors, the binging of the lift button, voices in corridors at all times of day & night. Breakfast was ok, served in a large canteen with the actual serving area of the breakfast very small.   Negatives: Very poor blinds on windows, light streamed in from sunrise.  Housekeeping knocking on the door from 8am even when the do not disturb sign was displayed. Thin walls & poor sound proofing.   Positives: Location, location, location!! Concierge staff, very friendly & helpful.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awesome surprise!,"The location is excellent. Less than a 2 minute walk to underground station and very close to Oxford St. Wifi a bit expensive at 10GBP a day. All staff were friendly. Bedroom very comfortable.   We would stay at the St. Giles again for the reasonable price and very good rate for Central London.   Stayed August 2013, traveled my wife.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location!!,"Stayed here in June 2013. Room was just OK, basic and nothing special. Thought it was very expensive at £100 a night but it was still a lot cheaper than other London Hotels.  The best thing about this hotel is the location, it is a 2 minute walk to Tottenham Court Road station and it is right off Oxford street. I would definitely stay here again- its (kind of)affordable and the location cannot be beaten.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good stay,"I had a small room booked, but with a great view of the London eye. Moreover, the room was very clean and the shower was the best. Only two minutes from the Tube, with easy access and very nice restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"St. Giles is an excellent choice for a weekend in London - primarily because it's situated just by Oxford Street and the Tottenham Court Road-station, which means there is easy access to most of central London.  The rooms are rather small but comfortable and clean, and the staff is friendly and helpful. The walls are thin, so it's rather noisy, and another downside is the rather expensive wifi access.  The breakfast buffet at the hotel is very basic, but during our stay we were offered breakfast at the hotel's new café and diner, VQ, and it was far better with a fine selection of dishes.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,4 nights in London,The location is excellent. Less than a 5 minute walk to the underground. Situated just off Oxford St made it a breeze to walk for shopping. A block away was a Sainsbury's to grab snacks and breakfast pastries if not wanting a full breakfast.  The twin room was larger than other hotels we have stayed at in past trips to London. Wifi a bit pricey at 10GBP a day. All staff were friendly. Bathroom was on the small size but was not a problem. bed was very comfortable.   The only blemish for the hotel was the check in process. I had an email to check in on line and all I had to do was go to Concierge's Desk for my key. Well when I went to the Concierge I was told I had to check in at the front desk. So we check in at the front desk and the staff member had to go to the Concierge to…,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not good at all,"We didn't get off to a good start, our train from Leeds to London Kings cross was stuck for an hour at Newark Northgate due to overhead line problems at Grantham. East Coast advised us to get off and walk a mile in the pouring rain to Newark Castle, catch a Midland train to Nottingham then on to St Pancras. That was bad enough but we were then stuck for 90 minutes at St Albans because someone had decided to step in front of a train, a confrontation with only one winner but thousands of losers. Needless to say after a 6 hour journey our mood was black, but I didn't want that to sway my opinion of this Hotel.  Let me start by saying the only positive thing about it is the location which is very good... that's it. Our room is best described as a broom cupboard with a bed only…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable stay, excellent location","The location couldn't be better! Just 2 minutes from Oxford Circus and the Tottenham Court Road metro, the possibilites to see all of London is endless! The room we had was quite small but overall neat and the bathroom was always clean. I would recommend for a short stay.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best location but still needs some adjustments,"The location is amazing is in the heart of London.  The majority of the staff is very friendly besides the conserge they help if you ask but they did not try to be nice, they actually seem a little bit rude, aslo while I was staying was trash in the hall of my floor and was not clean during the night.  The breackfast line is way too long and is not real organization in that part I ended up having breackfast outside because it was faster than to wait such a long line",None,4.0
4561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonable but not comfortable,"The location is very central, and it's easy to reach being right next to a tube station. However, I found it quite noisy, even the fifth floor with road noise and sirens from Tottenham court road. Also, either the walls are thin or my neighbors were particularly loud because I could hear other people taking in their rooms quite clearly. My biggest issue though was the bed, which was very uncomfortable - rock solid! Cleanliness also was not great, on check in there was hair on my pillow (which I really hope was the maid's) and the bathroom bin hadn't been emptied and was full of gross stuff as you can perhaps imagine.  Other than that the staff were very nice, buffet breakfast was good,and price very competitive. Perhaps I  was unlucky with the other stuff. I stayed here on…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Old fashioned and WIFI IS NOT FREE!?,"It started with a line for check in - like the old days. Outdated systems made it difficult for the staff to change any pre-registered information. I had to wait for 2 hours to get my room. When I asked for WiFi in the meantime, I was told O had to pay!? I wondered whether the shower also was extra charged for...  The room was so tiny I nearly had to throw the chair out of the room to get to the bathroom.  For the price I paid it was poor value for money.  By the way; when I paid for the wifi and tried to use my mobile as a Personal Hotspot for my PC, I recognised that option was  blocked by the provider. I ended up paying for 2 wifi connections!!  Horrible in 2013!!!",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Really central to everything. The rooms are basic but very clean. Maid service everyday. Very close to Tottenham Court Underground, right on the corner of Oxford Street. I would highly recommend a stay here",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So Central. Great breakfast. Very nice,"Friendly & helpful reception and very helpful concierge, maps and directions no problem. Rooms/ bathrooms clean. Whilst the room we had was very small, it was more than comfortable. Hairdryer, tea and coffee making. Necessary toiletries. Everything that one requires.  We spent one night and St Giles was perfect for what we needed. Close to Oxford Street, walking distance to Tottenham Court tube station,  the shows, museums, London Eye.  Breakfast is very good, cereals, yoghurt, eggs, bacon, nice coffee. It can be really BUSY and you have to wait in quite a long queu if you don't arrive early.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"Stayed here for one night in september, we loved it, perfect for what we needed, our mom was 80 and we was going for afternoon tea at the Ritz and then on to the theatre, nothing was any trouble for them. The rooms wore comfy, clean and tidy. The location is perfect for shopping as Oxford street is a round the corner, and is excellent for the tube.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value,"Stayed at this hotel last night as part of a theatre break package - £98 for one night stay and ticket to 'Matilda' so I estimate that the room cost around £55 per person. Considering its proximity to everything a person goes to London for, it was outstanding value. We walked from Victoria train station to the hotel (around 20 - 25 mins) which is a 30 second walk from Tottenham Court Road, 5 mins from Oxford Street, 10 mins from Leicester Square, and 10 mins from Covent Garden and the West End. The twin room (328) was small but perfectly adequate, warm and clean. The staff were cheerful and efficient and the breakfast was plentiful and tasty.  The only downside was that the centre of London is very lively and very noisy until about 4am, which made it difficult for this girl from…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Stayed just the one night as needed to be out of my flat as my daughter was having friends to stay and I didn't want to be in the way. My partner and myself were surprised to find we has a room with its' own lounge as well as sleeping area. We found the staff nice and helpful and the breakfast was also good although it was extremely busy in the breakfast room with some queuing required to get food. The was a very good choice from cereal, yoghurt to bacon, eggs and fruit. Everywhere was kept clean and as the hotel is central it's great for Oxford Street and Covent Garden as well as theatre land.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad night sleep,Was in room 1232 you can hear the lift moving everytime its used really noisev. Room had a strange smell . Sink was in shower  They gave me half my money  Back  . Breakfast was good  But wont return had bettet 3 star hotels ,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,would not stay again,"Quality of food at breakfast was poor. Reception only set our door key for a 1 night stay, when we had paid for 2 - quite annoying trying to open your door with bags of shopping, especially when you should be getting ready to meet up with friends. No shaver points in rooms - door staff charge £4 for an adaptor, this should be made clear on the web site and also on booking conformations.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Expected better but was dissapointed,"Arrived on Thursday 3rd Oct for 1 night with my best friend. The room was nice and the beds really comfy, we only had 1 pillow each which I thought was silly but we asked for a couple more and they brought them straight up and the night was really enjoyed and perfect location for all the bars we wanted to go to. However when it got to breakfast the following morning, we where greeted at the desk at breakfast and asked to pay the £9.95 and both wanted to pay by card to which we were given a confused look but then she said we could so we did that then had to go to try and find a clean table to sit at. There wasn't any so we went and sat at a dirty one and after about 5 minutes we got someone to come and wipe it for us. The selection of food was poor but ok. The coffee was really…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient to visit tourist attractions,"We stayed here on a mini break, it is in an excellent location for the centre of London. We walked everywhere the three days we stayed there. We had a deluxe twin room, it was spacious, clean, had a modern bathroom, and we were very happy with it. We originally booked room only, but got sent vouchers for breakfast for £7 each, so decided to eat breakfast there. Plenty of choice whether you wanted hot or cold food, buffet style. Nice clean, modern breakfast area. We didnt eat here on an evening, so cant comment on evening meal. A two minute walk you are at the Dominion Theatre where we saw We Will Rock You, excellent show. We never experienced any noise, and slept well. If your looking for a hotel thats central and good value, i would recommend this hotel, and pay a little extra…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st giles hotel,"Fantastic location. Helpful staff.  Buffet breakfast,  that sets you up for the day.always our first choice of hotel in london. The rooms are small as most are in centeal london, but clean and sufficient.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Some of London's worst,"When I cme to London I was not expecting much in terms of the hotels, but yet my ability to be disappointed was surpassed easily. This should not be a hotel tht is on your list to stay at. Beware. Although the lobby looks lovely the rooms are just dingy, small, smelly and frankly the walls would be better made of paper. The in-room service was pathetic. There were two people staying in the room and they gave us one towel. By simple maths that means that one person had to either reuse a towel or use the footmat. The guest services were cold and not as efficient as they could well have been. The lifts were slow and were very touchy. The breakfast was questionable and was constantly lacking in variety. All in all then this was an extremely disappointing hotel. Therefore I tell…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nothing against the hotel itself but outside noise stops sleep...,"I stayed at this hotel last night sharing a room with my sister. We were both pleasantly surprised at the size of the room, there was plenty of room for us to move around without bumping into each other - bathroom was fine, too. Breakfast this morning was plentiful, no long queues for food/drinks and plenty of tables to be had, this was at 10am. All staff we saw were pleasant and helpful my negative was the noise from outside.  I know the hotel is on the corner of Oxford Street and one should expect some noise but last night we had people screaming, groups of people arguing, quite loudly, which was scary in a way, banging and clattering from vans, car horns honking well into the night - doesn't the 11pm curfew apply in London? So, needless to say I had a poor nights sleep, if…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel in good location.,"Good location near Tottenham Court Rd tube. Room was ok but average bedding - man made fibre (cheap) quilt and pillows. Small bathroom although a good, strong shower with lots of hot water. Breakfast very disappointing. Poor selection of fruit and and bread/rolls and 'cheap' canteen style restaurant - including trays, pick up your own cutlery etc. Very utilitarian. No bar but you use the 'associated' bar which you can access from within the hotel - but you can't charged to the room. Gym is using the YMCA facility - didn't use it so no idea what it is like but they advertise a 25m pool. ",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,too small rooms,"Went as part of a working group in London for an awards ceremony.  The rooms were very small and even though I was there on my own but in a double room I was counting my blessings that I was not there with my husband, it was absolutely baking hot and extremely small.  The bathroom area was ok for one.  Breakfast was an absolute free for all so given that I just needed something to see me thru my journey back to the north of England it was ok.  Had I been there as a visitor on holiday I would have been extremely upset. In fact two others, not in my party, left well before breakfast in the hope of getting an early train home and I don't blame them.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Little gem in the heart of London,"Having read previous reviews of this hotel I was slightly apprehensive, but was pleasantly surprised. The front desk staff were friendly and efficient, even giving us two room keys when we requested! We booked a deluxe twin room, which was actually two rooms - a bed area and an office area each with its own TV. Slightly small, but didn't seem cramped. Bathroom was small but clean and perfectly usable. Shower works well and there is plenty of hot water. There was also an air conditioner but we didn't need it this time of year.   The location is very convenient too; less than 5 minutes walk to Tottenham Court Road underground station. Nearby there are food outlets and even a Sainsburys in case you forget to bring anything from home! A nice touch is that there are vending machines…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is good,"Stayed for 2 nights. Had 2 rooms between our travel group; a double and a twin. Twin room was a little bigger, marginally. The rooms were okay, nothing special and quite small. We had trouble manoeuvring around the room and lack of space for our 2 luggage bags. Bed was not very comfortable. The place is a bit outdated. Lifts are slow and due to so many guests, can take a while. Location of hotel was perfect though! Steps away from Oxford street. 15mins walk to Museum. Pharmacy & plenty of other shops across road. Buffet breakfast was like being on a school camp, complete with food trays. I didn't enjoy. Food attendant was quite rude when I asked for fresh toast, as there was only a few pieces of burnt toast left in the basket. Concierge guys really helpful in recommending what…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"This hotel is located 100 meter from the start of Oxford Street. I was on a business trip, and got a singel room. It was in fact the smalest room I have ever stayed in. There was no way to open my suitcase on the space on the floor. The bed and the breakfast was good.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
4580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,VISIT TO LONDON,"We stayed here because of the hotels location, its perfect close to the underground, shops, and theatres such a great location. The hotel rooms are good although the bed was not that comfortable it was ok. Breakfast was good and food was served hot.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I booked 2 rooms for one night for a business trip. Great location central to everything. The rooms were basic but clean and all you need for a quick trip to London. The staff were a bit indifferent but the location makes up for that, I suppose who needs to make friends when checking in or ordering a drink in a bar but it would be nice. In saying that I would stay again now I know what to expect. Good breakfast even though the glasses for the orange water were a bit old looking. Not posh or anything like that but practable for a short shopping trip or one or two nights stay",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value.,"We stayed for 1 night in this hotel. I was a bit worried about the standard, due to its previous reviews but we only booked on the day and at £102 this hotel was by far the cheapest ( even cheaper than the nearest travel lodge).  On arrival the reception area was very nice and busy but the staff were very efficient at booking us in. We had a standard double room which was clean and had a lovely bathroom with a good shower. We would definitely stay here again as it is very good value for its location and of a good standard.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Like staying in a shoe box,"After leaving one of the worst hotels I have even spent a night in, we were looking forward to staying in a nice hotel in the centre of London. The only thing that was worth the stay was the location. Everything else was dreadful.   We arrived after a 15 hour journey from Nashville to be greeted , or should I say not greeted, 5 members of staff behind reception, and we still waited for about 5 mins, to be spoken to.  We booked a double room, and what we got was never a double room, the room was about 12foot by 12 foot square, the hall way into the room was so narrow, I couldnt get in the door carrying my case. The bed was slightly larger than a single bed, and the window, had the view of an alleyway, which carried every noise in the vicinity to our room.  We had a very…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
4584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ideal location, helpful  staff, functional room.","Our stay was a  mixture of business and pleasure and as such hit the mark. The staff without exception were very friendly, helpful and professional. The rooms were clean, functional and the bed offered a comfortable nights sleep. There was a huge range of foods for breakfast and we enjoyed the selection we chose. The hotel is ideally situated for our travel arrangements and allowed us to walk to all the main tourist attractions. A Great stay.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location and thats it...,"This is where we usually stay when we visit London and its due to the excellent location. The prices is not that good any more and the rooms really need a makeover now. Bathroms have been renovated in most rooms, but the rooms are still looking like when they built the place... If you wanna stay very close to shopping and dont mind about rooms looking very tired, then this is the place for you...",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent place - Small room - Poorly presented breakfast-,"Excellent place close to London City. Within a minute walk from Tottenham Court Underground Station and Oxford Street.  Unfortunately quite small (London style) single room. Very fast Check out. The hotel staff was rather helpful although quite busy. The main disadvantages of the hotel was the room size which was ruther small although well arranged and the breakfast which could be much better (prepared and presented)! Also, breakfast area was ruther small for the size of the hotel! Nice idea: the vending machines on the floor lobby, where you could buy watter, refreshments & snacks!",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"We stsyed gere this weekend as it was our anniversary and had a night in London.   The hotel is in a great central location,  the room we was in was on the roof terrace it was a double and very clean, there were only a few down sides we were looking out on to Tottenham Court Road which was really noisy even that high up and unfortunately the room was soooo hot even with the basic air conditioning that we had to have the window open also the lift stopped at the 11th floor and the new lift to roof terrace was not working but only a couple of flights of stairs so not too bad. We had the coffee 2 go option and thank god we did as the queue for the breakfast buffet was ridiculous would have had to queue for ages. All in all a reasonable hotel for the location and price worth a stay.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central location,"The hotel is in an excellent location within a short walking distance to many bars, eateries, shops, tourist attractions, convenient bus stops and the underground.  I stayed here for 1 night on business. The room was a box room and the smallest room I have ever stayed in.Having said that it was clean and had all the facilities you would expect, bathroom was tiny but modern. I was staying room only basis so didn't use the restaurant instead I chose to eat out at one of the many eating places around the Charlotte St area, adjacent to Tottenham Court Rd. Reception were very efficient, there was lots of people checking in and out but they had plenty of staff to facilitate this. The corridors and reception areas were all tiled and slightly out dated. Would I go back? for leisure…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and great location,Had a great say in this hotel 10/10  Location is great and tube station Tottenham court road is just out side. The musical we will rock you is also out side the hotel and it's great value for money!  Only negative need bigger towels!!,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value, great locatio","Booked this fairly late (ten days before trip), just needed an overnight stay for a family get together. We paid £99 for a double room with en-suite shower room. Everything else was at least £35 more and some of those looked really grim. Our expectations were low but we were pleasantly surprised to find ourselves in a spacious, clean, elegant and well staffed lobby with all lifts in working order. Check in was efficient and the room, whilst small, was well equipped with hair dryer, spare pillows, blankets, tissues, soap, shower gel etc. Flat screen TV and a window which allowed fresh air and good light with internal blackout blinds completed the picture. All in all this was good value and we would stay again. Theer is a leisure club and a restaurant on site but we didn't use…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A nice property,"The hotel is excellently located on very near oxford street, the shopping hub. The hotel is busy and large but somehow manages to provide excellent service. Rooms are big, compared to London standards, in fact, reasonably large. A wonderful stay, good amenities and worth for money. Also, very near to underground station.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One-night stay,"We stayed as an overnight stop whilst going to the New London Theatre (War Horse), which was only a short walk away (through Covent Garden - a lovely stroll). Concierge and reception staff were friendly and helpful.  The double room was small but quite adequate and clean. As others on Tripadvisor have stated; breakfast could be better organised.  A time/motion study would be very beneficial in this case! There was a very long queue and once we got to the food it was ok rather than great! Overall, I would stay here again, but would either choose the timing of my breakfast more carefully or book without breakfast and find a little coffeeshop/restaurant elsewhere. Hope this was helpful.  Namaste x",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good things come in small packages,If you're fat - you will struggle because the shower was small and you'd have trouble getting in and out.  Location was excellent - within walking distance of the theatre and Oxford Street and literally around the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station.  It was really clean and the staff were helpful. You'd struggle to find somewhere else at this price so central and good value for money. The rooms are small but realistically how much time are you going to spend in there?,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, tiny room and poor customer service.","First of all, I stayed in St. Giles Hotel two years ago, had no problems except the room was tiny and far too warm (despite it being a cold January). It is a fantastic location though, especially if you plan on travelling to all the sights around London.  The second time I went there we booked online via their website. Their site charged has twice, also double charged u a booking fee when the site said there wouldn't be one. After ringing the hotel countless times we finally managed to get through to them. The person on the phone was not of much help at all, and eventually we got the contact of who we were to deal with.   The process of getting the money back was very slow, and took a couple of weeks. Because they double charged us it left my girlfriend without a lot of money…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed here for three nights prior to a trip to Venice, We found the hotel very conveniently situated and had a brilliant time in London visiting museums and seeing a show at the Dominion, one minute away. Service was brilliant. I've never been in a hotel before where all the staff smile so much and are so friendly.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,25th wedding anniversary,We celebrated our silver wedding and stayed their a few days. On arrival our room was not quite ready  and the staff apologised which was nice. The young lady was really nice and even offered a complimentary drink. We did not wait long. It was worth its money and the staff could not do enough for you. The hotel maybe a 3 star but we were given 4 star treatment. It had great location and its central for the attractions. Recommend it to family and friends. The only regret it went too quick but we would love to stay again but longer.,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay at St Giles London,Stayed for a night on the 22nd September.  Minor problem on check in quickly resolved. Rooms were a little small but clean and as we were only sleeping there it was no problem. Found staff had good attitude and were quick to help with any requests.  The breakfast was good value with lots of choice. Some have said it was a nightmare having to queue. The hotel was full when we were there but the queue time was not excessive. Plenty of breakfast seating areas.  Car park below hotel and location brilliant  Good value for money and recommended,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location for West End Theatres,"We stayed for one night mid week in September in order to see a show, and to avoid a late night train journey home. We had a light lunch on arrival, which was very reasonably priced, and a hot buffet breakfast on our day of departure. This hotel was easily located just round the corner from the tube station on a side street off Tottenham Court Road. The room and bathroom were small but clean and comfortable, though there didn't appear to be a working extractor fan in the bathroom! There was a lengthy queue for breakfast, but it proved to be well worth the wait, the food being hot, freshly cooked and plentiful. The staff were polite and helpful-we had not spotted the notice in the lift advising guests to hang up the ""do not disturb"" notice if not wanting the room cleaned before…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"This hotel is great if you want to explore the city center or if you are going to London to do shopping. It's location is next to the Oxford street. The price is also good giving the location. Rooms are clean and nice. The staff at the reception were very polite. It's quiet and there is no problem sleeping.The only problem is that it doesn't have Wifi in rooms, and you have to pay for the Internet.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best Location but Average Room Service!,"Firstly, The rooms look exactly how they are shown in the pictures of tripadvisor. The rooms were pretty small thou and the bathroom hardly has some space in it, but the location of the hotel compensates it all! The tube is just 30secs walk from the hotel and so is the bus service. The staff of the hotel is very good but the service was way too average. I called them 4times to 5times to give a towel and they use to say its on its way but it wasnt there anytime. This happened all 4nights of our stay. I stayed there from 15th September till 19th September. The hotel has a small nice tv, the hairdryer is of Queens time, but overall experience was good.   Highly recommended for youth as is it cheap and is on the best location.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Too busy,"We got this hotel on a deal for an overnight weekend stay, £199 for a standard room with continental breakfast. The room was small but adequate and clean, I'd guess they would only get away with single occupancy during the week. It suited our basic needs of somewhere to change, shower and sleep but could not spend rest time in the room. We decided to miss breakfast as the queue ran right through the foyer and we were quoted a 15 min wait for a table. The other issue that the number of guests caused was long waits for lifts. There are 12 floors so using the stairs was not an option for many of us. Crowds would gather and after waiting for 5 to 10 mins the squash to get in was interesting. Location is pretty good, Tottenham Court Road tube is on the doorstop and Soho was about a…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Find another hotel,"Stayed here for two nights and found the service very poor. The hotel rooms needs renovation, it was very misty and carpet dirty. Also i was rubbed of my coat which the hotel denied. Besides myself only the maid had access to my room. Finally dont understand why you have to pay for their wifi. Its the 21 century..",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
4603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does what it says on the tin,"Excellent location, couldn't better it. I wouldn't recommend for a romantic weekend, but worth full points for the location, standard of rooms for the price we paid and good breakfast.  Also absolutely fantastic staff.  I booked a double room instead of a twin room in error for my friend and I, the receptionist very kindly liaised with the reservations manager and they were able to change us to a twin. I found the reception staff very helpful. The breakfast queue was exceptionally long and I feel would benefit from some reorganisation in the breakfast area, the lady in charge of the queue was very fair and put potential  queue jumpers in their place very politely and the breakfast was plentiful and very nice. Also very friendly and helpful concierge staff.  A very pleasant stay,…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Stayed here for two nights bed and breakfast. The hotel is ideally situated for Oxford street, soho, British museum and west end. The hotel is very clean and the staff are very helpful and pleasant. The concierge were very informative and nothing was to much trouble for them.The room was small but wasn't in it long enough to bother us. The breakfast was good buffet style but the second morning we had to queue to get into the dining room and then queue again for breakfast and the queue was long! The dining room could do with a makeover and to solve the queuing have two hot buffet servers it needs organising a lot better than it is at the moment because this was the only down side to the hotel. I would stay here again but skip breakfast. ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,weekend break,"we stayed in this hotel at the week end, the rooms are small but compact,The Breakfast is amazing, But you have to get down early for a seat, The staff were very nice, Only one problem Our room overlooked the Tottenham Court Road, very noisy,Pick a room away from the road, other than that small detail we had a brilliant time & would go back.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, just don't expect the Ritz!","Stayed for a couple of nights on business, so paid a bit extra to get an 'Executive' room.  From others reviews this is a must as it had a/c, a couple of chairs, work desk, fridge and decent toiletries.  Well worth the extra (i think £15 a night for me)   It's a bit dated, but room was perfectly clean and well presented.  Excellent gym next door with 25m pool and lots of equipment, but have to pay £5 to use it, but that must be a big discount on a normal day rate so well worth it except for the casual user who would resent paying for a short trip.  Brekkie included in room rate (another reason to go up to Exec).  Quality and choice were all fine, had better/worse elsewhere, but suited my needs.  With the right rate I would stay here again as is perfect for business and transport…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Superb location in London, but a bit worn","Located next to Tottenham Court Road og New Oxford Street. Charlotte Street with a lot of restaurants near by, a teater just around the corner, the store ""Premark"" also Located just around the corner. 15 min with cab from Victoria stadion, but the underground takes you anywhere, located  next by the hotel. Small rooms, but large enough if your objekt is to do other tings than staying in your room. Cleaning is OK. Old carpets in the room is negative, especially if you are alergic. Breakfast in weekends is too crowded, not enough capasity for the amount of people staying there. Have your breakfast somewhete else if you have the possibility.  The consegnieres where wery helpful and serviceminded.  The hotel offers to store your luggage if you are leaving London late, but do the…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tiny Rooms,"I've stayed here a few times now, mainly because it's quite cheap (for London). However the reception is always crowded and it seems to take an age to check in. The lifts are really slow, so much so that I took the stairs to the 5th floor every time apart from once rather than wait for the lift to show up. The rooms are small. I had a twin room. It's barely large enough for 2 adults but you don't tend to stay in your room when you're in London. The shower room is, again, very small. The seal on the shower base wasn't very good and within a minute of turning the shower on the room was swimming in water. On the plus side it's in a great location and I've never been woken by noise coming from other rooms.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
4609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4605-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not Bad,"If you are travelling on business trip this is your place, not luxury but it has what you need, internet, meeting lounge, fitness space ad good Italian cuisine ,, only few miles from Airport. very close to public transportation.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
4610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,dont expect peace,"very busy, excellent location though.. food in il grasso is beautiful and the service in there is very good... wouldnt have much to complain about exept for the two nights i stayed the fire alarm went off, this can only just be heard in the bedroom corridors so thats a concern and on questioning the manager she initially corrected one of the times i quoted then stated it wasnt her fault the showers/hairdryers/hairspray were always setting off the alarms in the 700 rooms so no she couldnt give me a refund to go sumwer safer and were i might sleep... sorry love, it aint my fault either ",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
4611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st giles hotel london,"the room was spotless the breakfast was great was able to get breakfast from 6.30 wich was great we have stayed before but it was much more inproved it,s a great location and was a good price would stay there again",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,£99 central London comfortable and good food what's not to like?,"Stayed here once before and had a good rom and great food at a Japanese/Chinese fusion restaurant on lower ground floor.  Was disappointed this was closed for refurb and couldn't be bothered to go out so settled on in house Italian   Looks like a transport cafe but don't be put off.  Beer, garlic pizza and fettuccini polpette far to big for one person to eat. Total bill £11.  Excellent taste too  They even gave me same room As on last stay. Large double with great shower in bathroom.  Concirerge service only to happy to help with bags.  £99   Ignore the negative reviews- you get far more than you pay for here. ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,weekend trip,"This is only the second time I have stayed here. The staff are great at check in. I did have a little trouble on booking, when I asked about breakfast being included with executive rooms. On the website it wasn't, but a notice in my room said it was! So I am glad I did not pay the B+B price! The servers could be more talkative instead of just taking your plate away. Also lounge chairs are used at breakfast time. Which does make it hard to sit comfortably at the table to eat your breakfast. More Dining chairs required please! Besides that, the rooms are decent size. I had a single room but I loved the size of the bed! More like a single plus half! A little side table next to the bad would have been handy too.  All these things are easy to fix, hence why I still give it a 4/5. …",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4610-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Location and... Well, and nothing else...","While St. Giles is located at the truly best possible place in central London, it can hardly win points for anything else. Been there twice, so let me tell you what I think of it. At 2 min walk from the tube at Tottenham Court Road station, Dominion Theater and Oxford Street, 5 min walk from the British Museum and 7 min walk from Soho Square, St. Giles might be just for you if you are on a shopping/city break trip to London. As said before - location if fantastic! Alas, that is all the good I can say about it.  Let's start with the architecture - the hotel is actually a concrete monstrosity consisting of four 'towers' of some 11 or 12 floors. Unfortunately, towers are so close and room windows are placed in such a manner that in most cases your view will inevitably include a…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Central,"We chose this hotel because we wanted somewhere very central. I stayed with a group of friends in September and it didn't disappoint. As other reviewers have stated the rooms aren't big but had everything we needed. There was a good hairdryer in the room, tv, shower and hand wash jell. Also a tea and coffee making machine. The beds were comfortable and all was very clean.The staff were really helpful and the hotel had a nice feel about it. We all said we would stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Once again great hotel.,"I have stayed here around 8 times now and must say you get what u pay for. In this instance i was traveling elsewhere and only stayed one night. They have updated some of their rooms since i was there last year, and i also paid for an upgrade. Nice to see things looking a bit more modern, the room we had was small but more than adequate. . . we even had a bath robe which was nice.  All in all, each time i have stayed here i have loved it. its not luxury, its not suppose to be but nor is it dingy its clean, and straight to the point.  The staff were great when we forgot our room number lol 10th floor we were on..not the 14th as i thought :)",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great location in London,"The St Giles is a large and very busy hotel. The location is fantastic, a few stps from Totenham Court tube station and a very easy 10min walk from Soho and the West End Theatre district and Covent Garden.The rooms are small but well appointed. I have stayed at more expensive hotels in similar location with much smaller rooms. Bathroom very functional and clean. Breakfast is a bit of a nightmare with long line both mornings waiting to get a table. I certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a reasonable priced hotel in a great location.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money,"OK, so this hotel won't win any awards for room size but given it is in a fantastic location for theatre land (walking distance) in central London it is pretty amazing value for money. Room was small but comfortable (might have been a bit hot in the recent hot weather as no air con and windows open is not really an option because of street noise) Breakfast was plentiful, well replenished and well presented/cooked. Ingredients are not the finest but then you are not paying 'top whack' either. All-in-all excellent value for money and well recommended",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4615-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent short stay,"We stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights while staying in London to celebrate our pearl wedding.  The Hotel reception is clean and efficient and the staff where helpful  The rooms are modern but slightly on the small side.  The bed was very comfy and the pillows soft.  We had a good nights sleep. Breakfast was excellent, good hot full English and a good choice of cereal, fruit and drinks.  Tables where cleaned fast and there was a good turnover of tables. Also great to have a vending machine on each floor by the lift.  Just in case you get the munchies. The hotel is in a very good position just round the corner from Tottenham court road tube station.  Oxford street is just round the corner.  Chinatown, Covent garden and Theatreland are all within a 10 min walk.  We will be…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"Having been to The St Giles on at least four previous occasions I was well aware what to expect.Check-in was efficient. The rooms are compact,but very clean. The lighting could be better in the rooms and there is not sufficient lighting in the bathroom to get a good shave.Breakfast is cafeteria in style. The food is good and plentiful.My advice is to eat just prior to 8 a.m. and there are no queues.The great advantage of this hotel is its location. It is situated in the heart of London and everywhere is within walking distance.My opinion is that this hotel provides value for money.There are better hotels, but not at this price.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Location is great and within walking distance to Picadilly and Oxford Street. Tottenham Court Road tube station is just round the corner. Pirmark and Sainsbury are just across the road and there's a Garfunkel restaurant, Burger King and Starbucks just round the corner.  All in all, very convenient.  Room is tiny (and I do mean tiny) but clean.  Bed is OK, bedsheets are clean, toilet is really really small but clean. Would stay here again for the price and convenience.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,old tired hotel,"Its location is all it has going, its the worst hotel in London I have ever stayed in, its old and tired dirty stained carpet's, cheap nasty shower ,I wont be recommending this hotel to any of my friends!",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
4623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant for Theatre land,This hotel came as part of an excellent Theatre break package. That package was great value and the St Giles didn't let the side down. Our room was small but clean and perfect for a one night stop over. Will use this hotel again.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4620-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,Stayed at the St Giles hotel for one night on a theatre break.  Very busy hotel Stayed at this hotel because it was close to the Adelphi Theatre which is in the Covent Garden area. The hotel could do with a make-over very outdated but clean enough for one nights stay.   Staff were okay got checked in quickly.   Didn't book breakfast went round the corner for a Macdonalds breakfast so dont know how good the food is. It is in a good location being close to Oxford Street and Covent Garden.  There is a bus stop round the corner (No 24) which takes you to Westminster if you you dont want to use the tube.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, clean and friendly.","Just stayed at St Giles for a break away with my husband for 2 nights. We had booked a deluxe double which was great. It was clean, yes on the small side but i do not go to London to sit in the room. We did however have a separate sitting area and two televisions. Reception was fast and efficient and all staff seemed happy to help. We didnt wait long for lifts as some people have mentioned on here. Suppose bottom line is, if you want luxury then stay in a 5star hotel and pay their prices. Great location. Didnt have breakfast in hotel so cant comment on that. Plenty of places around hotel to have decent fry up. Would use again.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, small but clean room, very nice breakfast","Perfect central location, just a min from Tottenham Court Road, walking distance to Covent Garden...room is small but clean and tidy and what else do you need while in London? You are not going to stay in hotel room :). If i would know there is a pool i would take my swimsuit with me. Nice breakfast + in room - coffee/tea Very good choice for short stay in London",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but a little tired,"Stayed at St. Giles Classic on Sept 3rd and 4th. Couldn't have asked for a better location. Right on Oxford Street and just a stones throw from Tottenham Court underground and an easy walk to the theatres (which is why we chose this hotel). All in all I have no real complaints, most of the staff were friendly and happy to help and the room was clean and comfortable. My only niggle would be that the hotel is quite dated and a bit tired on the interior. Badly scuffed and damaged walls in our room, a few exposed pipes and some attention needed in the bathroom too. I have to say, this didn't dampen my trip much, we didn't pay The Ritz prices and we were just looking for a clean base to get our heads down as we were not visiting London to spend all day in a hotel! I did notice a bit…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel with flaws but great location,"You get what you paid for. I wanted a small single bedded room just to sleep in, and not to play in, and thats what I got for £99 on a saturday night. I could touch both sides of the room at the same time, but thats what I paid for - a SINGLE room.  Reception very very busy with tourists in the morning checking out/in. Was not told anything about dining, breakfast or anything important about the hotel on checkin. Just given a MASSIVE key with a smartcard attached - far too big for a pocket!  Lifts very very slow and very very small.  Stairs hidden away as a fire escape, so even when I was on the first floor I had to hunt them out to use them instead of the lifts  I would stay here again - yes - but just to sleep, which I did well.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4625-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Awful, upsetting experience","I booked this hotel as part of a two day theatre break for my mum's 60th birthday.  As such I wanted the whole experience to be special for her.    The only thing this hotel really has going for it is it's location - very close to the tube and close to West End theatres/Covent Garden etc.   Sadly, the downsides are plentiful.  The room we booked was tiny, had not been cleaned (as evidenced by the peanut on the floor and the mysterious brown 'splodge' on my duvet cover).  We had to queue 15 minutes for a table for breakfast and the 'dining room' was like a canteen rather than a nice hotel dining room.  The blinds and windows were shabby and filthy and there were large unattended parties of teenage students who were rowdy.  All in all it felt like being in a 2nd rate youth hostel.…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
4630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Unexpected and amazing,Ignore all bad reviews yes the hotel room was small however not that small. It was clean and tidy and who really goes to London to spend all their time in a hotel room. service was brill . Breakfast was nice. For what I paid I expected it to be a dive but I was more than pleasently suprised I would rate this 4/5 stars.  thanks for the excellent stay me and my fiance loved every second and I would come back to this hotel in a flash,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top value for Central London,"Stayed one night, booked on strength of Tripadvisor reviews and weren't disappointed. Fantastically handy for theatres and Soho, literally 1 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube. Staff very friendly, room small but spotlessly clean. Most powerful shower I have ever encountered, bed very comfy.  Yes, there was some external noise, but this is Central London so only to be expected and yes, the standard rooms are small, but I've paid more for smaller!  Overall top value and I will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay at St.Giles London,"This was a family holiday . We stayed at St. Giles Hotel London. It's location is excellent as it is near Tottenham Court Road underground station. It is also just a few metres away from Oxford Street. Rooms are excellent, neat and tidy. Breakfast is very good as well.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for London trip,"The hotel is in a fantastic location for a visit to London.  Literally 3 mins walk to Tottenham Court Road tube station, and around the corner from Oxford Street and Soho. We arrived early but our room was ready for us. Reception and concierge staff are very friendly and helpful.   While the rooms are small they have everything you could ask for, Hairdryer, tea/coffee, and spotlessly clean.  It was very warm when we were there and as there was no A/C in the room we left the window open so it was a bit noisy, but that's to be expected given the location. Yes there are delays with the lift but it's a big hotel so it's bound to happen. I did see one lift get stuck one morning but in fairness there is a sign up stating maximum capacity which people ignore, hence the lift gets stuck.…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4630-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location and good value,Located just a few minutes walk from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road this hotel has an excellent location. Nice rooms and clean but service can be a bit hit and miss. Breakfast is very canteen style but certainly adequate.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fair Hotel, but good location","Me and my bf stayed at this hotel for 4 days.  Our travel agent had originally booked double twin bed rooms, and then called to change them to double rooms, which the hotel confirmed that it was okay, but then when we got there they would not give us the double room, which kinda sucked for a couples trip.  The breakfast was expensive and not very good and the lines for it were horrendous.  The location is good tho, it is close to Picadilly Circus and right next to a Tube station.  The same receptionist was there for almost our entire stay, and he was very helpful, recommended a nice British Pub to eat at and called our Tour bus company for us when it was late picking us up, and I swear I heard him speak at least 3 different langauges.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic central hotel, excellent value for money.","Excellent location as a base for exploring London. Less than a minute's walk to Tottenham Court road & Oxford Street. Bus stop at the end of the road takes you straight to Camden for the market in a matter of minutes. Very friendly, welcoming staff. Room was compact but very comfortable and clean, I was only really in the room long enough to sleep as I wanted to maximise the time I had in London so it was more than adequate. I don't mind having a small room, cleanliness is what is important to me and I  could not find any fault with the standard of cleanliness. Will not hesitate in staying here again in future and wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone looking for a central base in London.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal central location,"The St.Giles hotel is ideally situated for exploring central London ( and if you are planning to go to ""We Will Rock You"" it is about 100yds from the Dominium theatre ) and very convenient for the Tube station. We arrived early afternoon and our room was ready for us, Reception staff were very pleasant and registration was quick and efficient. We had a simple but enjoyable lunch in the cafe / gallery, and it was very reasonably priced. Breakfasts were most adequate, but try and avoid arriving at about 8.30, as it is very busy - but tables are cleared quickly and the breakfast table is constantly replenished. Our room was compact, but very clean, and the beds and pillows were very comfortable. No air con. In the rooms but a very effective, quiet, electric fan was in the very…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for shopping trips,"We love the location of the hotel, and everything is very nice. The staff is helpfull and great. Only reason I don´t give them ""Excellent"" is because how early the cleaners come around! Don´t like to be woken up between 7 and 8 o´clock in the morning when I´m on holiday.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4635-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic, Clean, Convenient","The location of the St Giles hotel, London is possibly its strongest point, and for me an important one. Our room was clean but small, and the few staff I spoke to were friendly. However generally the hotel requires some freshening up. The shower curtain was broken and torn.There is no A/C in the rooms and the electric fan was ineffective resulting in an uncomfortable night. After queuing for 20mins, we were able to access the self service breakfast buffett which had a good selection of food from fresh fruit to cooked breakfast. Overall I would recommend the St Gilesl if you're on a budget and just need somewhere to lay your head at the end of a busy day, if location and cleanliness are more important than decor and room size then this is a good hotel choice.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing location,"When I read the reviews about this hotel on my way there on the tube I could've  cried!! We were booked in by a very grumpy looking service manager (Mel) who kept sighing when talking to us (not very welcoming) all other staff we encountered were extremely helpful (and they smiled which makes a massive difference) the concierges were such lovely helpful guys. This hotel is good value for money. Yes the rooms are  pretty small but they are clean and compact with everything you need (there's even a separate ironing room). Let's face it you're in the heart of London why would you want to spend loads of time in your hotel room anyway. This hotel is smack bang in the middle of everything 2 min from Tottenham Court Rd Underground Tube Station, £12 in a taxi (after midnight) from…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good value!,This was the 3rd time we had stayed at the St Giles and this time we had a friend with us so did not want it to disappoint. Our rooms were small but fit for purpose and they had obviously been refurbished which was very pleasing. The beds were very comfortable and clean and there was everything we needed including a fan which was very welcome! The room was very quiet and we have not had any problems with noise on our previous visits. We think it is very good value and will not hesitate to stay again.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, handy car park deep deep down underneath","Had a nice time at this hotel, car park is a bit of a mission but nice to have. Hotel very clean and room provided with everything needed, we do go for the executive suite, which was spacious and come with slippers and dressing gown. This room is a premium price but still not that expensive compared to others.   Room was very well presented and the staff all working hard to provide the professional level of service the aim for.  Had stayed here fairly regular and have never been disappointed, it has consistent levels of high standards.  The bar area is also nicely arranged.  Will be back soon.   Would recommend to anyone who wants a nice hotel to stay in, while in London.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very happy with our experience :),We really enjoyed our stay here; the rooms are really small and the decor is quite basic but it is clean and the bathroom is quite new. Beds are really comfy. Great central location off Oxford St and everything you need is just around the corner. The rooms are quiet considering that it is located in a busy part of town. Great breakfast.  No free WiFi but computers are available. Good service. Would recommend.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4640-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Loverly Hotel,"My partner and I stayed at the st Giles for the bank holiday weekend. It was so easy to find and in the best location you could ask for. It is a 200 meter walk from oxford street, has Tottenham tube station 30seconds walk and is a 10 minute walk from Soho.  The hotel it's self is absolutely loverly, it has everything you could want, casino, leisure centre, bar and cafe and the staff are loverly especially the boys in the bar. It is all very clean and well decorated and looked after. My partner also had a burger in the bar which he loved and a big breakfast in the breakfast room which he also rated highly.   The only negative comment I have on the hotel is the bedrooms are very small. They look much bigger in the photos which is slightly misleading but if you only want the room…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,don't bring your cat!!,"Stayed at this hotel during my trip to UK. Luckily I was only using this hotel as a stop gap before catching my flight home. The room itself was clean but had grubby carpets and absolutely tiny for a double room despite the size of the hotel. The corridoors to the rooms just went on and on... I have stayed in other hotels in London but they had better and larger rooms for the same price. But I chose the wrong weekend... Bank Holiday.. and most hotels were already full and those available were extortionate. Anyway, I was glad to catch my flight home.. Doubt I would be staying here again unless funds are limited.. sorry..",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location was great.,Just off Tottenham Court Rd so very central for us. A family of mixed ages and rooms were small but lovely and clean. Good value. One room had coffee to go and the lady on the breakfast counter was lovely. Coffee  juice pastry and fruit to take away. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, will be back soon.","We stayed here from June 5th to 8th. The hotel is in a great location just at the start of Oxford Street and just across the road from Tottenham Court Road tube station, so anywhere in London is accessible very easy. The room was a bit on the small side but that is to be expected in central London the  rooms were clean and tidy. The WiFi was a bit on the expensive side it was 10 pound for 24 Hours. The TV channels were very good there was a lot to chose from.  All in all I will be back next year for a few days again. ",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny room & basic, clean, friendly accomodation in a fabulous location","Does what it says on the tin - it's a fantastic central location right next to Tottenham Court Road tube station, geared for the lower end tourist market so don't expect luxury but the staff were friendly, helpful & efficient. The single room I was in was tiny but the point of being so central is that it's just a place to lay your head rather than a destination in itself.  The place felt a little frayed around the edges as you might imagine from somewhere with tight margins and a huge throughput - but I felt it was clean which is the most important thing.   Windows aren't that soundproofed so a pair of earplugs is a good plan if you're a light sleeper. There's a Sainsbury's local just across the street so save money on breakfast and even dinner if you want to! Great cheap price…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4645-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central for everything.,"This is both my second stay in this hotel and my second review of this hotel.  I really cannot find fault in this hotel. It is so centrally located and fantastic value for money.   The added perk being, we arrived at 11am asking if they could look after our bags for us and it was no problem at all.   All the staff great you with a Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening and I glowing smile.   Really, for a hotel that is literally round the corner from both Tottenham Court Road Tube and Oxford Street, & a 5 - 10 minute walk from both Soho and Covent Garden, that's before even saying it only cost us £204 between us for the bank holiday.  I question you to find a hotel that offers such great value for money in such an amazing location.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Have tried best and worst in London....This hotel is my choice as the best !!,"I have stayed in mega-budget hostels ,the top hotels of London,and everything in-between.I think that St.Giles would be my choice as the best place to stay out of the whole lot.Having been visiting London since 1972 I've seen some hotels...I love it's position geographically ,the really pleasant staff,and the outstanding breakfast where you can eat a full breakfast or as little as you want...Tremendously good !!",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You will not get a better location!,"The location is absolutely spot on. Staff were spot on at Reception, the room was small but very clean, no faults apart from the fact our kettle didn't work. I can imagine the rooms being quite hot during the summer months as the window in our room only opened slightly and the ""cooling system"" in the room was very loud but didn't actually seem to do anything.  I would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel-good location,"This is a nice hotel,we traveled to London by train,it only takes about 30minutes to walk to the hotel,good location for walking in to London to see everything,our room was fine,it looked as though it had been refurbished recently,it was on the 4th floor,the breakfast was good,hotel reception staff good,concierge good,all in all we would recommend this hotel,good value for money.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money in perfect location,"This is the perfect hotel for discovering London, just a two minute walk to the nearest metro and just around the corner from the shopping district of Oxford Street. It's a very popular hotel so it took a while to check in and the lifts are small and slow so it took us a while to get to our room. The room was great though, spacious, clean and comfortable with a bath. There is a seperate ironing room which is perfect for those outfits that have been cramped in your bag and vending machines on each floor, as well as ice machines. Definitely worth the money and would recommend to anyone wanting a hotel close to everyone yet easy on the budget.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4650-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK hotel in a great location,"Two of us stayed here for three nights in August for a shopping trip and thought the hotel was OK.  It is in a perfect location for shopping, eating and sightseeing though it does have a few bad points.  We found rubbish in a drawer in our room that had obviously been left there by the people previous to us.  We also had to switch rooms the first night when we realised that our window would not close.  Would normally not mind something like that but after the rubbish being found we were quite disappointed, I mean if those two things were not checked what else wasn't?  We were also not very impressed with the food, we only had paid for breakfast so didn't bother having dinner in the hotel at all.  Overall we were happy with the trip because the hotel was in such a handy place but…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value,"My two children (15,14) and myself stayed for two nights in a triple standard room (room 743),could not complain at all, arrived before check in time,friendly receptionist great welcome. Room yes small, but didn't expect a lot of space and the separate room with the single bed, ideal for my son. I rang down for extra pillows and they arrived within 20 mins. Breakfast great value, we must of timed it right as didn't have to wait at all, nothing was too much trouble, staff all very polite and cheerful,will defiantly stay at this hotel again, as great location and great value for the price we paid.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We arrived about 2 hours before check in time but were given a room straight away and we were upgraded to deluxe at no extra cost.  We had a bedroom, lounge and bathroom.  There was a fridge, airconditioner and good bathroom.  The room was very comfortable and we really enjoyed our stay there.  Internet was only available at a cost which we did not use, preferring to visit free internet eating places instead of eating at the hotel.  When we left they organised a car to take us to the airport. It cost 50 pound but this would have been a lot cheaper than the hotel.  Very close to Tottenhan Court Rd underground train station and Oxford St shops and the Dominion theatre where we saw the fantastic We Will Rock You Show.  We recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lifts only downfall,"This hotel was perfect for us staying in London for four days, central and had plenty of shopping and food located within a short walk. The concierge men at the desk were beyond helpful, went above and beyond to help us out. The room was tiny, although we spent the days sightseeing, so it didn't matter at all to us, plus they are well thought out, so everything had a place. The bathroom was lovely, again small, but very nicely finished. The only drama was queuing for the lifts, someways it would take ten minutes just to get into one, then people would overcrowd them. Apart from that, iwould definitely recommend this hotel to tourists wanting to stay in the heart of London.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You pay for what you get,"This is an average hotel with a great price.  Nothing fancy about the hotel.  Lots of tour groups and tourist stay in the hotel.  It is located right in the middle of London, next to Tottenham Court tube station.  Perfect for touring London.  A little bit noisy because it is in a busy area.  Cheaper rooms do not have AC.  The single bed rooms are extremely small.  It is definitely worth the extra 25 pounds in getting one of the executive rooms up top.  They have a great view of London, rooms have AC, rooms are much more spacious, and it includes a hot breakfast.  There are two computers in the lobby for interest and you have to pay.   Note:  Put 'Do Not Disturb' sign up when going to sleep.  Both mornings I stayed there housekeepping knocked at 8AM to clean room.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4655-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, bad service","The location is great, close to Tottenham Court Road Station in the centre of London. Unfortunately the service is not so good: rooms are very small and noisy and the staff at the reception is terrible (very unkind and not available to meet the customer's needs). They also don't accept all credit cards: in fact I had to pay cash for my stay. Breakfast ""coffee to go"" is terrible and the staff, again, not very nice...",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel Tottenham Court Road London,"My wife and myself have just returned after 3 nights in the St Giles and we went with a little apprehension after reading some of the reviews on this hotel.  We arrived early for check in about midday and were seen straight away and given our room although early. Yes it was on the small side but we go to hotels to take in areas not to live there, sleep yes, but not live. It was all there to use if you wanted - No this isn't a 5* hotel and never pretends to be but it is clean and comfortable. rooms services and cleaned daily we queued one morning for breakfast but this put no more than 5 minutes on our day. Come on you moaning people out there if you want 5* there are more than enough hotels in London to accommodate you but remember you will pay the 5* price also.  It's position…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What do people expect?,"Lets get one thing straight.... This hotel is right in the middle of the heart of the west end, and costs under £90 per night! Secondly, when I go to London ,I go there to visit the sights, eat out and absorb the atmosphere of our fabulous capital, not to sit in a hotel room! This hotel ticks all the boxes that a tourist needs, it provides a bed and a shower and a roof and enables people to spend cash on actually enjoying themselves! If anyone can find a hotel that ticks these boxes at the price that the st Giles charges then I will be astounded... With regards to breakfast, I wasn't impressed when we went first time so on our return we simply didn't opt for it and went out and got our own",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Overnight Stay.,This was my second stay in this hotel and I was really glad I came back.  So close to Oxford Street so brilliant for shopping and only 10min walk from Covent Garden so was no problem walking back after the theatre.  The adjacent bar has been renovated since my last visit and it was a lovely place to unwind with a couple of drinks after the theatre.  The bar staff were really friendly and made my 9 year old daughter feel extra special making her mocktails.  Will def book here again for my next trip to London.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value in central location," This is a great hotel if you want a base for sight seeing, shopping and tourism in London.  Rooms are small, but have everything you need for a short stay.  We booked a deluxe room as these have air con and it can get quite hot in the room.  Very close to Tottenham Court Rd tube station and short walk to 'theatre land'.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4660-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"Recently spent four nights at the St Giles on the recommendation of a colleague. Had a single room on the third floor at the end of a corridor. Smallest room I have ever stayed in but it had everything I needed and I soon adapted to the compact layout. If you are claustrophobic I would book a twin room but the website does suggest that. Had read the 'negatives' from earlier reviews so checked in online the day before arrival and didn't have to queue at reception. Also booked 'breakfast to go' and went down early (7.30ish) to get coffee, croissant and piece of fruit. There was never anyone else queuing at that time and service was very friendly. Concierge very helpful. Didn't have a problem queuing for the lifts. The location is, of course, superb. Five minutes walk from British…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent would definatly stay again and recommend to anyone.,"Brilliant hotel, just what we needed for a nights stay in central London. Rooms basic but very comfy and had everything we needed and much more. We didn't make breakfast so can't comment.  But apart from that it was everything we wanted and more, clean enough, not spotless, but wasn't a problem, room was a nice size we were slightly worried about stating here but exceeded our expectations and more. I'm going to be re booking for September to travel with my husband and child! ",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"I have stayed here before and it is always my first choice when staying in London for price and Location.Yes the reception area is very busy and you have to wait sometimes a long time for a lift. But you have to remember this is a great location with a great price for London. So the Hotel is always very busy. I stayed here for for 3 nights with a friend and have to say the room was very comfortable and very clean. No air con but you have a fan. The beds are very comfortable and the room was always cleaned to a high standard.. The bathroom is a little on the small side and you could do with some extra strong lighting over the sink. The shower although a normal size if you were a large person you would not get in, because the folding doors would not open completely. We had room…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location is great, but thats it.","I stayed at the hotel on 13th August 2013, the location was brilliant, within three minutes of leaving Tottenham Court Road tube station , i was in the reception area of the hotel. I had  booked a single room, and the rate for Central London was really good.  My room was on the fourth floor, at the end of a corridor. On opening the door, my first thought was "" go to reception and upgrade ""  the room was so small,  although i didnt have a cat with me, if i had, you couldnt swing it !  the single bed was up against the wall, and  the bathroom /shower unit an absolute work of art, amazing, but absolutely no space. Shaving the next morning , i had to leave the door open, as closed i felt claustraphobic , i had the quickest shower ever ,as i felt really uncomfortable. With the…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"For a hotel that specializes in groups, they really messed us our group reservation. Interesting because they had sent a completely correct reservation confirmation days earlier! We checked in quite late in the evening, no one else was waiting, there were many clerks - however none of them seemed to 'get it'. It took a few days to iron out the problems. This hotel was not impressive for other reasons as well:  Long lines at the check-in/out desk (except at off hours).  Keys which you have to return before leaving the hotel for the day - not a problem, except that the wait to get the key back can be forever.  No door room security, doors don't have a chain or double lock. The key card which you have to wave infront of the door, was often defective. Rooms were basically run-down,…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4665-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No repeat,"Ideal location and that's it. Small room, small bed ( 1.35m width for a double!) Impersonal service. Long waiting qeues for low quality breakfast. Long waiting for lift. As stated before, no repeat stay in this ""factory"".",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An honest review,Stayed here for one night on the 15th August 2013 with my partner. Hotel was in a great location ( just off oxford street) and easy find. Hotel looks quite run down from the outside. Carpets need replacing as stains all over them! Checked in around 11am even thought check in isnt until 2pm and room was ready which was great. Hotel room was very very small! but had all you need for a nights stay. Customer service at reception was friendly. Only complaint we have was that the maid came knocking at our door at 8:20am! Woke us up and just walked in whilst we were in bed! this isn't on at all as checking out isn't till 11am and therefore cleaners shouldnt bother you till after this time...Heard another couple complain about this as we was checking in so it's obviously a problem to a…,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average,"I'm in two minds about this hotel... It is a great location for shopping. But agree with the earlier comment that its a bit like an airport lounge. Or more as my colleague put it, a hostel type hotel.. Rooms are small and no air con. Cleaner than some hotels I have stayed in. Didn't get a good nights rest as extremely noisy from the bar attached to the hotel. Breakfast was carnage! Clearly the restaurant was not big enough to cope, toast was stored in large baskets and was cold. For me it is a last resort hotel",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Stayed here for 2 nights mid August, stayed on first floor in a double room. Room was small but it's only somewhere to sleep so was ok. It was clean and tidy, plenty of hangers hair dryer tea and coffee in room, Tv on wall. The only thing I would say is the lighting wasn't very good. Bathroom clean tidy with hand wash and shower gel, breakfast was nice plenty to choose from, yes there are queues but they do go down fairly quick.there is an ironing room on floor 2 and 6 which is free to use, ice and vending machines on all floors.  Location is fab only about 15 min walk from Euston train station and 10 mins from soho!!!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Splendid!,"I am staying here on my 4th days now out of 8 days. As other reviews mentioned, the location is just superbly divine. Couldn't trade that with other negative points though, but I could not find even one :-) Never have problem with the lift service, it is always work for me, be it in the peak times or off-peak. Lucky? I don't think so. Stay in a single room at 4th Floor. Room is small but just enough space for me. I could not give negative comments on that since I do not need spacious area. For what? Yoga? C'mon!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4670-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, small room, long-waited elevator","I spent 6 nights in this hotel. The breakfast was good, though the menu was never changed. I was stayed at 3rd Floor of this hotel, I had a quite good view. The corridor is narrow, not so good acoustic between rooms (I could hear the noise from my  neighbor and along the corridor). It is a very busy hotel and in my opinion it should supported by at least 6-fast-elevator, but instead I got a slow elevator. Even worst, there was no ""down"" option in the elevator, so you need to wait and check which elevator is going down or up.   Speaking about location? It was SUPERB!! Excellent!!  You can go travel on foot for shopping and eating. Its also located near to the subway! Unfortunately, you need to dig in your pocket for the wifi service, it will cost you 5 Pounds/hr!!!  My…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"location,location!","fantastic location,average hotel-very small room,and slow lifts as others have reported,but the staff were lovely,very helpful,it was clean,breakfast was ok,nothing special-would stay there again if the price was right!",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for money,"4th visit to St Giles.  Wanted to look for another Hotel for a change, however keep going back to St Giles due to cost, location and sufficient for an enjoyable London break.  Had the triple room for the 3 of us, single bed was in its own private space (off the main bedroom).  Breakfast was included which was again plenty to keep you going during the day. We were on the 7th floor which was certainly a lot quieter then the lower floors as previously stayed.  Shower room was very small but again space is a premium.  The lifts could be a problem at peak times but aren't all hotel lifts at certain times !!  We will be going back again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel in great location!,"We spent last weekend at St Giles in London and had a great stay. the hotel staff were very helpful and friendly, and the room was spotless. nice bars and restaurant, too. we have stayed before and will definitely stay again - the location is only a few yards away from Oxford st; yet it really wasn't too noisy; we slept well. Would recommend to others!",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Meh!,"The positives first: great location, reception staff were very friendly and for a busy hotel the booking in process was relatively quick.  Negatives: has the feel of an airport there are that many people passing through reception, the rooms are tiny (just about touch both sides of my room at once), door lock on my room didn't work properly, it is very noisy and just felt a bit grubby and unsafe.   I didn't enjoy my stay.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4675-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Aging facilities and small rooms, but functional and clean.","Great location by Oxford St, alas our room on 6th floor overlooking Westminster had a tiny window and was generally dark. From the floor plan it looks as if this was typical of all rooms in the hotel and none are particularly large.  Biggest problem was the lifts, waited over 5 mins to go up at check-in and gave up and used stairs. Same problem on checkout and gave up and used stairs. One lift was out of order but the 3 others were fine, just SLOW.  Overall rooms were functional and clean but I wouldn't use it as somewhere to store several shopping trips as you'd have nowhere to stand !  No aircon in rooms and small windows means hot rooms. A fan was supplied but it was filthy and too loud to use during the night. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"This is a rather large hotel (cca 700 rooms) with an excellent location; I stress again that the location is excellent for the hotel this large. The standard rooms are, although rather small, in my opinion exactly what is advertised on the hotel website, i.e. WYSIWYG, which I appreciate; don't you hate when the room is much nicer on the website than in reality?! The room overlooking the side street, which I happen to get, was rather calm and clean. Due to the fact that the hotel is so large, there are queues for the lifts and specially for breakfast. I would suggest -- as I did and haven't regretted doing so -- not paying for the breakfast in the hotel and eating out (there are lots of great pubs which serve breakfast within 5 min. walking distance from the hotel, where you can…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic but great,"This is London so hotels are dear but this place is the best value we saw. Location is amazing and, although the rooms are small, they have absolutely everything you need - tea and coffee, hair dryer, tv etc. Internet access is extra but there's a pool, ice machines and other touches you wouldn't expect for the price.  A special mention goes to the staff. The concierge was helpful, the room serviced superbly and the receptionists simply couldn't do enough for us. Enjoyed our stay here. ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Still Good For The Price,This was our 3rd stay at the St Giles. On all occasions our accommodation has been room only but the rooms have been to our liking on all stays. The cost still remains extremely competitive given it's central London location and the staff have always been helpful and efficient. Indeed on this occasion we arrived three hours before our check-in time but were given a room immediately. Some hotels charge an early check-in fee. A questionable practice in my view given the room is not being used anyway but it would appear this is not done at the St Giles. We will have a 4th stay at this hotel in the not too distant future which I think speaks for itself.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Queues for everything,"Just 1 step up from a Travel Lodge.  On arrival there was a queue to check in, then a queue for the lift.  The stairs are not an alternative with luggage as they are actually s a very narrow fire escape.  Seventies decor throughout.  The room had an odd smell and the window had been left wide open - I think someone had been smoking. On arrival we discovered that you had to pay a ""nominal"" charge of £4 per person per swim to use the pool. The beds were comfortable enough but no air conditioning.  The maid walked into the room at 8.30a.m. while we were still lying in our beds. Breakfast was the worst I've ever had.  Again a huge queue.  It was like a prison canteen (I imagine).  The tongues were on chains and the huge containers of food held things like warm scrambled eggs (no…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4680-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A typical city hotel,"The hotel has a excellent location. The rooms were clean, size was o.k. We appraised the separately living room. The staff wasn't very helpful and could be friendlier. The bar we wouldn't recommend because the service was awful! There is no free WiFi and most of the desktops didn't work.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Double charged for a room, phone stolen, tiny room, the list goes on!","Where to start with this poorly run hotel.....arrived to tiny shabby room, no bar as it was been re-decorated apparently...coffee/lounge area for a big hotel was a bit of a joke...breakfast was disgusting with lukewarm food for fry up...friends iphone got stolen at breakfast with reception not bothering about our dilemma..appartenly this happens all the time from what the girl working in the coffee shop told us, people from the street walk in and take what they can and go..Manager was to ring my friend back after watching the CCTV..still waiting!!! Final straw was been charged twice for my room as paid by cash and then they had the cheek to charge my card..the cash receipt was thrown away by the time I realise the card was charge. I spent a month chasing them down with me been…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,"My friend and i booked this hotel as it was central to the theaters, which it is so that point is worth making. However once past reception i felt that this hotel could do with a face lift. The beds are average, but clean, the rooms are very small. The bathroom still has a shower curtain (most unhygienic) and the window in the room had a catch which was broken and the full length window opened fully, we were on the 5th floor! Breakfast is crowded, you have to join at least 3 queues which i found tedious. Its a buffet so you are able to eat well but the food was cold by the time the queue had subsided and you got to your table. Surely a virtual queue system would be beneficial maybe rooms given a time slot for breakfast on booking. I would not return to this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor accomodation,"Only bright side of the story is the location (close to town center) and staff (always friendly). We had to queue at least 15 minutes to be able to get breakfast. The continental breakfast was very poor: only croissant & jam (and some kind of brown sauce). So if you're not up for English breakfast (the eggs had a weird colour and looked like still alive), too bad. Beds were hard to sleep on and rooms were tiny.  Worst of all was the crowdiness and stressy atmosphere. Especially during breakfast, people nearloy got ran over. Makes it hard to relax.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Good location","Rooms are tiny furniture kinda old. Location is in the center of everything. Good restaurants around the area. China town is like 15 minute walk if you are looking for Asian Cuisine. The staff are very friendly, concierge are very helpful. Overall, it was a very good stay for us. Good view from the room.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4685-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for visiting Central London..,"Me and my Partner stayed here on the 26th July 2013 for 3 nights. We loved our stay, was in a great location just off Oxford streets near all the shops! Wasn't far to the London eye and the London dungeons which were great as well. We walked everywhere so wasn't very hard to get to different things and see all the different sights. The underground was easy to use as well which was right outside the hotel so that was great as well.   The room was great, housekeeping cleaned room everyday, made our bed and gave us fresh towels. Room was quiet even though it was a noisy street, am a light sleepier and slept like a log! Couldn't believe that I couldn't hear any noise especially in central London. We were in a deluxe room so it had air con which is great. Only fault I would make…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent value,"Mixed ratings caused a bit if concen. Reviews say it all . family of 4,in two rooms. had a great time.Glad we asked for ninth floor. Spectacular views. yes rooms small and yes it's noisy - it's a city, enjoy or use your earplugs. absolutely great location. Staff helpful and friendly. Attractive enough hotel. imagine lifts could have been an issue on a middle floor. Ice machine didn't work . My only valid complaints - sorry didn't report at time.  if you're looking for an inexpensive centrally located hotel and can manage in a compact but adequately furnished room I RECOMMEND ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a short stay,"We have been to st. Giles from July 29th - August 2nd. The location is great, an underground just around the corner. And only a few minutes from Oxford street. Various atracttions can be reached by foot.  About the hotel, the rooms are small but very well cleaned. Fresh towels on a daily base. But when you want to go and have breakfast, you should go early in the morning. From 8.30am there is a long line for the breakfast room. We had breakfast at 7.30am and no lines at all. We recommend this hotel to all our friends and are certainly going back soon.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great price, great location","My friend and I stayed in the Hotel last Saturday night. I had read several negative reviews on here, so was a little worried as I thought the room would be dreadful. But having arrived on time to check in, the staff were really friendly. We had a first floor room, with a twin bed. The room was quite small, but that didn't bother us as we were only going to be sleeping in it for one night. The most important thing for me when staying somewhere is that it is clean and tidy. And this room was clean and tidy. The beds were comfy, there was everything we needed to enjoy our stay. Mirrors, TV, tea and coffee, a bath and shower, and a fan. The window was quite small, and the view wasn't that great, but hey... we got a really good deal on the price, so we weren't expecting it to be…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best hotel for shopping and partying in Soho,"I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. I had loads of fun staying at this hotel. I enjoyed all the shopping areas and stores, Soho famous clubs and theatre in the city. I did not have to use cabs or trains to get anywhere because everything was only walking distance. the hotel is very beautiful and accommodating for all guest. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. The only problem in some rooms the beds are furnished with short beds for persons under 5'8"". so persons longer would have to get a longer bed, which the staff was very friendly to help us with getting. The Wifi at the hotel as a guest you have to pay for it which is separate from your room charges. The rooms are generally clean and well lighted (most admired feature of the room)... The staff for breakfast are…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4690-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms,"The first night at this hotel was very uncomfortable as my husband and I sidled past one another in our caravan sized bedroom. Next morning I asked for a change of room, for something larger.  There was nothing in the same  (standard) price band, until... we were offered a room suitable for a cot as well,  minus cot! We also got an en suite with a bath and shower.  This flexibility and accommodating stance reflected well on St Giles  as we realised how hard the staff was trying to please customers! It was very hot in London and we welcomed the electric fans in the bedrooms.  Breakfast was all right considering the number of people to serve.  The location was excellent and the staff pleasant.  I'd go again. ",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but room very small!,"Stayed for one night Very unorganised check in with a queue at min reception but empty executive check in No effort made to manage to queue. Room was clean and basic. Very small and dark with no air conditioning - only a small fan It was noisy with the window open so not the best of stays Pillow was very uncomfortable , Breakfast was ok but service non existent and all self service - why couldn't t anyone smile? Would love to recommend in view of location but there are better , albeit slightly more expensive options near by.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,GREAT LOCATION FOR A 3* HOTEL,"We were greeted by the concierge helping me take my case up the steps to reception (there is a disabled lift to the left of the steps) where we were met by friendly, smiling and very helpful staff.  Had pre-booked a standard double. Upgraded to a Premier Double which gave us a small lounge area (thank goodness) otherwise would have been somewhat claustrophobic as the bedroom width is literally the bed and 1 small bedside cabinet. 'Compact and bijou' is the term I believe? The virtual tour on the website is exact and the upgrade was £20 per night (£40 for the Executive). The windows are angled, small and open halfway so if you are looking for an open view you may be disappointed (venetian blinds are sealed within the unit)? There was a quiet air con system in the lounge which we…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What a rip off,"I would like to start by saying St.Giles is a beautiful hotel, the situation is wonderful. Around the corner is the tube station & Oxford St; however I was really disappointed with the charge for wi-fi, £5:00 for one hour,come on, give me a break. As you travel in London,practically everywhere in London there is FREE wi-fi for the use of. I did decline the offer of wi-fi in the hotel even though I wanted to. We only stayed the one night (30th) as it was my birthday,Another criticism was room 209,the door opened and stopped at an angle of about 45 degrees (no more)to my way of thinking they should have improvised and removed a brick behind the door closer. Apart from this it was an enjoyable day.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, Great location","We were a little undecided before arriving on what to expect due to the mixed reviews however we needn't have worried. The hotel is in a great location 2mins from TCR tube, yes the rooms are on the small size and have a very small window but come on what are you looking for in London when you spend most of your time sightseeing or shopping. With the recent hot weather they had even gone to the lengths of putting a fan in the room, there were also ice machines on two floors. Yes I admit the queues for breakfast do look a little scary but that isn't a five minute wait, they had a great array of foods, ranging from cereals to fresh fruit and obviously the grill for full English. We cannot fault the staff the checking in process was easy, the chambermaid visited and spruced the room…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4695-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"We decided to go to London and watch Les Miserables. But where to stay?  We looked for a hotel that was quite central to both the shopping areas and the theatre itself.  This fitted the bill nicely.  The price, for such a central London hotel was very good. This and the location were the deciding factors really.  The reception, when we arrived, was fairly efficient.  Later that evening it fell apart as three members of staff were dealing with one customer as the queue just kept getting longer and longer.  Basic line manager stuff would have solved that, train them!  The room was tiny but sufficient. I am 6ft 9ins and found it almost the same size as a lift. But as I said, it did the job.  The food was actually very good, although we did opt for their special meal deal, but it…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a good experience,"My friend and I have returned from the St Giles Hotel having spent 1 night only and thank goodness we only booked one night.  We changed our room 3 times and all were the same very small dark rooms.  Breakfast time was a experience queuing for half an hour to get into the restaurant it was more like a free for all canteen.  Searching for some where to sit, eventually finding a table to share with other guests.   The food was reasonable though not a pleasant experience.  The only plus points for this hotel is it's location.  Certainly not recommended.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel apart from school dinner breakfast,"Fantastic location for a West End trip. Clean rooms (rather small) and friendly staff. Nicely laid out bar area but the breakfast - oh my word. Food quality was fine but it was like school dinners and a bun fight combined. For the size of the hotel, having a serving area for hot food of around 6' is a recipe for disaster and leads to endless queues. No thought has gone into the design (unlike the bar area which obviously makes more money!). Nevertheless, would stay again, just not include a breakfast!! PS - stopping on any floor other than first will mean an endless wait for the lifts.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, standard facilities.","I spent two nights in a double room, which was a reasonable size but not the biggest room. It would be fine for a couple but perhaps a bit too close for comfort for two friends. The bed was comfortable with a duvet/sheet cover. I must note that i found a few hairs in the bed when I first arrived and an eyelash on the pillow that wasn't mine, which was rather off-putting. The room included tea/coffee making facilities, a safe (big enough for an ipad but not a laptop), a hairdryer, a fan (which was a godsend in the July heat) and a TV, however mine said ""no signal"" when I turned it on (I didn't bother to get it looked at) and it was also mounted so high on the wall above the shelves you couldn't see the bottom when lying on the bed. The bathroom was a nice size with a full bath…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Functional not fancy,"This hotel has a feeling of a processing house for people. There is little that is relaxing about it . Check in was efficient, but the lifts were painfully slow, and the alternative staircase was not for public consumption. Rooms were small but functional, and the location was good. I had intended to use the leisure facilities but in the end just wanted to get out of the hotel, so didnt bother - there was some complicated -sounding process in the hotel guide about getting tokens from a machine , and only being able to use certain parts of the leisure club at certain times and it was just too much hassle at the end of a hard day. I also decided not to face the masses at breakfast and left early after a poor nights sleep owing to the lack of air and temperature.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
4704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4700-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Deluxe Room!!!,"Having recently stayed at the St Giles London i feel the need to share the hotels view regarding a 'DELUXE ROOM'. The bed was 4ft 6 with a space of 12 inches either side so if u got out of bed in a hurry you were inclined to smack your face on the wall. There was no bath, just a very small shower with a loo and basin crammed into the bathroom which was just slightly wider than the small shower. I was literally pressed up against the basin whilst sitting on the loo. (i wish to add that i am 5ft 7 and weigh 10 and a half stone, average build). There was another seperate little room with the wardrobe, small sofa coffee/tea facilities and towels. Overall i guess the room would have suited a single buisness man/woman but for a couple having a weekend away i would advise not.The…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but could have been better,"The hotel is so well placed for theatre and other major attractions. Our room was 'roof top'. Sounded grand, but in reality it was on 13th floor and the main hotel lifts only go to floor 11. We then had to wait for a tiny separate lift to take us up the remaining two floors. Because the lift was ridiculously small, we tried to use the stairs - in itself a challenge as signage wasn't overly helpful and there were electrical cables draped in the stairwell so it made it seem as though we weren't expected to use them. Lifts did take ages to arrive and the air conditioning was great in the bedroom but non-existent in the corridors, lifts and stairwells. This meant movement within the hotel was very uncomfortable. Missing towels in our room were eventually dealt with. Breakfast was…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic cant wait to stay again,"With every thing on your door step you will find no better stay for the price. Staff really friendly and willing to help you. Daughter loved the fact that she had her own little area, this made it easy at bed time when we had the tv on. Breakfast is a buffet style and yes it is busy but so is the rest of London and its not long until seats become available",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for central London,"Good central location. 2 minutes from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station.  Added attractions include the availability of an indoor pool, Ice vendors on all floors and, more importantly, very economic price, especially taking into account its location.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is in a great location for visiting Soho or Covent Garden.  The rooms are quite small but adequate.  The shower was good and the room was clean.  The lifts are quite slow and do take a while.  They have a free ice machine which was useful in this hot weather.  Check in was quick and efficient and we were checked in early without a problem.  I didn't have breakfast so I can't comment on that.  To sum up its a good hotel for the price and location, room size may be a problem if you are staying longer than a night, but if you get a good price it's fine for a short stay.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4705-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"My Sister & I have just returned from a shopping theatre trip to London we spent a night at this hotel the location was great for shopping dining & theatre. check in was quick staff friendly & helpful on front desks, our twin room was clean with tea & coffee in room very welcome after walking Oxford St, however the room was very small & quite dark with a side view window that would only open a small way It was very hot & no air con so we had a restless night. breakfast was good but some tables not In use due to a water leak we managed to grab a table but quite a few people especially families did not do so well. would stay again as such a good location but check out the first.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Oh dear. Very tired,"Reception looked okay, however, first lifts are chokker block so you wait ages to get to your room. Rooms really pants. Hairdryer was that dated the head fell off it so I used the fan in the room to try and dry my hair off. Toiletries very measly in those tiny sachets from the 70's that you cannot open once your hands are wet. Bedroom very tired and dated. Only thing you could say was clean sheets although pillow thin and old. Wont be returning. ",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
4711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Appalling hotel experience,"This is a busy central London location, all the more reason for a hotel to deliver a tranquil, restorative experience. The St Giles is the opposite, it is like being in an institution!  Although the check in process was quick and efficient, the rest of Reception is awful. This is not a hotel which had put much thought into its image, the extensive use of queuing barriers in Reception gives the impression they are dealing more with crowd control than individual service.   The single room was small, even by London standards. The wood panelling around the walls makes the room oppressive and with the window open the noise of the external air con unit was unbearable. This meant having the window closed and with no air conditioning the room was very hot and stuffy; the small electric…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
4712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location!","Just returned home from a one night stay at this hotel- what more could we want? It was clean, reasonably sized and the location and staff were fantastic! I must admit that I was slightly disappointed after paying for an executive double, after looking at some of the pictures we must have been given a slightly smaller ex-dble compared to others however it was perfectly adequate for what we needed it for. The bathroom was a fantastic size (the sink was oddly small)  We checked in at 12pm and were greeted by a very friendly young man who was very helpful when we asked about the chances of food around 11pm. He suggested that we ask the concierge who would be able to make a reservation on our behalf.  The hotel is approximately a 5 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus which was…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,one night,"stayed overnight after flying into stanstead airport, we have stayed at this hotel twice before and the standard remains the same. the hotel is big and very busy with people checking in and out all the time even so the wait for a lift was not to long. this hotel constantly has the best prices for its location which is just off oxford street.it is also a fifteen minute walk from Euston station which is ideal for us. there is also a good bar linked to the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4710-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ordinary and adequate,"I stayed one night in July for business. Needing an inexpensive one night stop over the price was right even though I was advised by my agent that they normally advise upgrading to the Executive rooms as they were bigger. The room was indeed small - ok for one person for one night, but I can't imagine two adults being comfortable. The room was clean, dated in style but had most basics. Bathroom was more modern but still tiny. A little larger than a telephone box.  There was no air conditioning but the room did had a desk fan and an opening window. I asked for a quiet room on a higher floor which I got. However, the room faced out onto Bedford Street and the loud  throbbing music that was present from early afternoon through to the night owing the club/bar adjacent to the hotel.…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room but good location,"We stayed for one night only because we need to pick up some one before we went to the airport early next morning. The room was very small and there was not much space to move around. The streets at the front and back were very noisy at night even at 2-3am. This is understandable because the hotel is situated in a very busy part of West End. It is just a few minutes' walk to the Tottenham Court Road station, where you can find the Northern Line and Central Line. Overall, the room is clear and the staff is helpful. It is comparatively cheap for this location.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great breakfast","We stayed for one night at the St Giles over a weekend.  The location is excellent, right on the end of Oxford Street and near Tottenham Court Road station.  The rooms are small (we had a double room that was barely bigger than the bed) but they are very clean and the bathroom with shower was fine.  The breakfast is an excellent self service buffet with a good variety and a cooked breakfast.  The staff were friendly and efficient, there was a queue to check out at 11am, but we used the key drop box to avoid it.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"cant knock it, very pleasant helpful staff, good room","Close to the theatre, very handy, heart of the city, can tsay anything bad about it, apaRT FROM THE BAR not being open under construction which we werent told about beforehand.  Staff extremely helpful and pleasant would recommend this to anyone going to theatreland, especially the dominion.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Literally just around the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station and within walking distance of the British Museum, Oxford Street, Covent Garden, Leicester Square etc.    The hotel itself is a bit dated in the Foyer but the executive twin room we had on the ninth floor had good facilities and some fantastic views as well as air conditioning.  Didn't bother with food as I'd read the reviews and there are so many places to eat close by.  Lifts were small and a little slow but this is a minor detail.  I would recommend this hotel mainly for it's location and because of that the price was reasonable.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4715-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Budget hotel in central location,"I stayed one weekend at this hotel during a massive heatwave in London. There was no air conditioning in the rooms, only some kind of ventilation system that was too noisy to keep on while you tried to sleep. Also if you opened the window the street noise was very loud. We skipped the Coffee2Go breakfast joke and had breakfast at a nearby cafe. On the plus side, the hotel is very centrally located near the Tottenham Court Road tube station and is very affordable.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stayed one night - perfectly fine,"Stayed one night last month, superb location once I found it!  Check in was not as painful as I was expecting it was pretty quick.   Room was bigger than I was expecting after reading the reviews.  I was staying on my own and there was a double and a single bed.  If there were 3 of you it would be squashy with suitcases, big bathroom. I went to the gym next door (5 pound) which was good. I purchased café to go breakfast and went down at opening time, coffee was ok - very strong, and had a bacon roll (cold bacon - yuck) and an apple.  Would not rate this - go get something out of the hotel.  I used the conscierge who did not charge me to store my luggage, but saw him charge others, so no idea what that is about.  Clean hotel but dated.  Stay here for a short break is fine.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday visit,"Stayed for two nights over my birthday as a surprise! Hotel in great location. Went down hill from there. Staff not very helpful. Fire alarm - intermittent at 3.50 am, went down the stairs, all seven floors of them to find only about. Dozen people with the hotel staff just standing on reception not given any information out. After about 15 minutes to be told we think its a false alarm and you can go back to bed.  Worryingly incompetent.  After complaining they have offered us a room at a £30 reduction IF we stay a minimum of 3 nights! Don't think so.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,"Very clean and friendly, helpful staff. The location is great, it is easy to walk to many attractions from here and the tube station is just around the corner. The rooms are very small and there is no air conditioning, although they provide a fan with the room. The pool at the YMCA downstairs is great for those who like to go for a swim at the end of a day of sightseeing. This hotel is great value for the location and cleanliness.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"as the kids say, it is what it is ...","... and that is a decently priced lodging option in the center of London, very close to the British Museum, among other venues.  But its price (85 GPB for a single when I stayed), its location, and a friendly/efficient staff are about the only things it has going for it.  And there are significant downsides.  Perhaps most annoying to me was the noise.  Not only are the walls very thin (I could hear the televisions in the rooms around me so well that I could discern what programs were being watched), but noise from the street (and the St Giles' own club/bar) went on well into the late evening.  Since the hotel has no AC, keeping the window shut to dampen the noise also made the room into more of an oven.  And a very small oven, since my room (424) was tiny ... as the old stand up…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4720-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,brilliant,"have just returned from a 3 night stay here and found it to be a fantastic place to stay for a short break . room was spotless, comfortable,  with a great view from the 7th floor . Every member of staff we encountered could not have been more pleasant and helpful, but the location is the big plus for this hotel,  Oxford St, Covent Garden , Leicester Square all within walking distance .  Will most certainly be back .",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location",A night at St. Giles (I spent three) are all about location. It is perfect and the price reasonable. The rooms are small and unspectacular. The staff pleasant but not outstanding. The lifts crowded and slow. But the location...,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Duncan 4,"Just back from family break in London, bad choice of hotel, only plus was it's location. St Giles just off Oxford Street - deluxe room was in 2 parts and tiny!!!! not very friendly at check in and no chance of a change- booked on line and was told to check on-line for change options? Never again. Breakfast was a cattle mart- too busy and self service , at best like a holiday camp.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"Myself and my partner stayed here for my 40th birthday for two nights. Although rooms were small they were more than adequate for our stay. The best part of the hotel is the amazing location. Within walking distance to the West End, Oxford Street and Camden......great stay!",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,3 night stay in london taking in a show,"I booked this hotel with the view to see a show and some sight seeing, my husband and myself were not disapointed, the hotel was central to everything, around the corner was the dominion theatre and around the next corner was oxford street, charing cross rd was across the road and full of theatres, the hotel was lovely and clean and the staff friendly and the concierge staff extremely helpful.  We would certainly recommend this hotel and look forward to returning in the future.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4725-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location - good hotel,"I came back in June to this hotel with my mum. I confirm that this is a perfect hotel if you need a no-frills hotel close to everything in London. Just a 10 min walk to Piccadlly, this is priceless out there. So I give it 4 stars now, suggesting it if using the hotel just for the night. I did not tried breakfast or restaurant, we slept in a deluxe room that's a bit bigger than the standard. in front of the DOMINION theatre.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,basic but clean,"I'll start by commenting on a few previous reviews about people whining about no aircon small rooms bad breakfast experiences.this hotel is not a 5 star hotel and doesn't pretend to be. There is  5 star places with no aircon small rooms etc etc. I totally agree about the lifts, ok the rooms ain't the biggest of rooms but they are ample enough to lay your head down on a night,ok there is no aircon they do supply a desktop fan which was of some use over these last couple of red hot days we have had. and a handy ice making machine on the ground floor. Breakfast was very good  i got a full english bacon egg sausage toms beans hash browns toast etc and its self service so u can put as much as you like on,there is cereals, yoghurts and european selection.  Staff where very helpful…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Central Location","Stayed in this hotel with husband and friends for a sightseeing trip to London.  Its a large hotel (300+ rooms), very central and literally 2 minutes from the Tottenham Court Rd underground.  We were able to walk to all of the main attractions within 20 to 30 minutes so very well placed.  The room we had was on the first floor, it was smallish but was very clean and had a modern ensuite - so no complaints.  The hotel has lots of facilities which we didn't have time to use, including a swimming pool.  Breakfast was a European buffet affair, there was plenty of it and it was all fresh, but as this is a large hotel there are a lot of people in one area at breakfast time and queues are unavoidable.  My only complaint about this hotel would be the lifts, there aren't that many and…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,More of a Youth Hostel than a Hotel !,Unfortunately I had the misfortune to allow my travel section to book me into this hotel for a short business trip to London that I had to make. Although the staff were efficient and pleasant at check in this is really where the positive experience ended. The hotel caters mainly to tourists and school trips seeking a cheap resting place and there is nothing wrong with that; however the downside is that the hotel fabric is very worn and the experience is hectic to say the least. Lifts that never come ( I had to take to the stairs on most occasions) and to the fifth floor is never much fun  - up or down. The double room allocated was tiny but clean however the shower room in black marble could only be described as claustrophobic with poor lighting and basic facilities (make sure…,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good stay, lengthily wait for lifts!","Stayed again at the St giles, it is in a fab location and has all you need. Bar is being refurbished and alternative is not that pleasant.  Only niggle again waited ages for the lifts in the morning.  Ask for a low room and you can use the stairs.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4730-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not Worth The Money,"I dont care where this hotel is, if its 250£ for 2 nights I want a decent stay:  NO AIRCON - Rooms are like a sauna TINY ROOM -It was like staying in a Sauna FULL OF ARROGANT FRENCH STUDENTS CANTEEN is like a canteen ...... wheres the restuarant?? BREAKFAST is basic at best IMPERSONAL Staff  I'd rather get a tube into London than stay at this place again.  If you decide to ignore the bad reviews on here then........  ...........enjoy your stay :)",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The room was very tiny and also the bathroom. NO AIR CONDITIONING IN ROOM VERY WARM AND UNCOMFORTABLE. did not sleep very well  my window was at the street side and it was very busy, that was with windows closed.  The hotel is in a great location 2 mins walk to Oxford street and the underground station Tottenham Court. For London the price of the room was okay but do not expect too much. Rooms need updating. Breakfast £9.95.  Would rather stay at the Travelodge around the corner on New Oxford street.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not bad I suppose, for central London, but ...","This hotel was OK, the Recepton area and staff were great, there were plenty of lifts to get us to the 11th floor, but goodness me the rooms and communal corridors were tired.  The rather narrow corridors were soulless, and the room, which was very small, was really only just acceptable, as we only stayed for a night to go to the theatre.  However the bathroom, maybe I'm the only person on the planet that immediately checks the grout around the shower, but even so, the tiles were old, the basin cracked, and yes, there was black mould in the shower, which I hate!  We did have a decent mattress, but the air conditioning consisted of a fan, not good with the unusual temperatures of 30+ that we are experiencing at present.  All in all I suppose, what more could we expect in July and…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best location ever!,"Situated 2 min walk from Tottenham Court Road Station, St Giles is a great place to stay for a city break. With Sainsburys, Boots and Primark on the doorstep.. You are never stuck for anything! The room was not large but adequate. Everything was very clean.  I felt it was a little hot even though there was no central heating on.. We kept the window open most of the time. There was no noise to speak of and we slept just fine. The lifts are sometimes very slow, with people waiting (used the stairs a few times - we were on 3rd floor) - Perhaps asking for a room on the lower levels will turn out to be a time saver. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, too eager to be out and about and usually grabbed a snack outside. There is a kettle so tea/coffee making isn't a problem. The…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location Location.","The St. Giles is really ideally located for anyone wanting to explore central London , take in a play or show or see the sights.The rooms are small. Singles particularly so but because so much of London is on your doorstep I doubt you will spent too much time in your room. The rooms and bathrooms are small in comparison to other hotels but they do have a wardrobe,. in-room safe and tea and coffee making facilities and the bathrooms do have some shampoos and shower gels. If you are lucky enough to stay on the second or third floors( and are fit enough) you can use the stairs as the wait for the lifts can be long and there always seem to be a queue for lifts. The staff were friendly and the rooms were cleaned regularly and thoroughly. Tottenham Court underground station is a…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4735-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for city break,"Good hotel, well located for a short break to London. Staff helpful and friendly. 3pm check in, but when we arrived at 11.30 our room was ready, which was a bonus. Rooms are small, but well equipped. Good choice of breakfast. Would recommend for an overnight stay.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We have stayed at this hotel 3 times purely for the location.  The rooms are very small and no air conditioning, a fan is provided. It is a large hotel so it is gets extremely busy. Waiting for space to catch the lift can take a while, we used the stairs instead. Breakfast is quite a bun fight and felt more like a boarding school canteen so we choose to eat out. Staff are friendly. When we visit London again we will stay at the St Giles, but as I mentioned purely for the location.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"The hotel is in a very central location, 1 minute walk to Tottenham Court Underground station and close to Oxford Street.  The rooms are small but comfortable and clean. The staff were all friendly and helpful. We did not have breakfast in the hotel since there were other places where you can have breakfast for a cheaper price. No air condition or wifi though but then you don't find these things anywhere in London. I will definitely stay in this hotel if I visit London again.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel. Small rooms and didnt like the queing for breakfast,"Overall good , small rooms, long queue for breakfast. Very central hotel. Goid ncp secure parking under hotel at £20 for 24 hrs. I ordered a gluten free breakfast was only offered bread, no sausages.staff all very friendly tio",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central London Hotel at a good price,"This hotel is situated about 5 mins walk from Tottenham Court Rd tube station and is convenient for the dominion theatre,the British Museum and numerous shops and restaurants. We found the staff on reception and concierge desks to be friendly and helpful,but the staff in the restaurant for breakfast to be less so. Our room on the third floor was clean but very small and very hot,but thankfully an electric fan was supplied (but no air con). The window in the room could be opened a little. The bathroom was also very small but adequate. The room was ok for one or two nights but I would not want to stay there for longer,although I gather that larger premium rooms are available,but probably not with a theatre stay package. The facilities in the hotel are not great. The bar is closed…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4740-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location & good value!,"This hotel is in such a perfect location, easily accessible to Oxford St, Leicester Sq, Covent Garden etc - we hardly took the tube anywhere! Rooms are a bit small & compact, which doesn't really matter as you won't be spending much time in there anyway, but as we stayed the first weekend in July when the heatwave in London started, the small room, lack of air conditioning & blinds built into window proved to be a bit hot & sticky! Vending machines on each floor are great - they even sell beer!   Only thing I would say wasn't great were the breakfasts - we only went one morning & they weren't great. We went to Pret around the corner every morning instead!  You can also choose to use the pool in the hotel, but this will cost you an extra £5.   Would definitely recommend if…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,tiny rooms/good location,The room was very tiny and also the bathroom but clean. We slept very poorly because our window was at the street side and that street was very busy. Mostly we had to wait an eternity for the elevator or the elevator was not working. That was a bit annyoing. The hotel is located in a  big shopping street and a few meters away you have the underground station Tottenham Court. For London the price of the room was okay but do not expect too much.,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for great location,"Yes hotel is a bit tired in places but staff nice, room was clean and bed comfortable. Due to location it is noisy with window open, and no air con in the room I stayed in. The biggest issue is the blinds set in the window frame. In July meant you were woken as sun came up as let light in, black out curtain would have been good.   Overall good value for money for the location, lots of places to eat nearby and walking distance to Covent Garden. Would stay again.   ",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A short trip,"We used this hotel at the end of June 2013, very good for those who intend on shopping & by just going around the corner an Underground station, allowing everything to be easily accessed. Everything you could need is within walking distance, a chemist & supermarket nearby are also a plus. Rooms are small, but clean & tidy, as is the bathroom. Noise from the front can be a problem if your a very light sleeper, but once window is closed securely you'd get over it. Overall ideal for a young couple for a short getaway.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great wee hotel for the price!,"I stupidly almost fell into the trap of having reviews put me off a hotel but I'm very glad I went ahead regardless! This is a hotel I will be returning to without a doubt! The prices are low and it's located a 1 minute walk from Oxford street - perfect to reach everywhere!   The rooms are spotless, beds are comfy, the shower room is on the small side but with enough room for what needs to be done! Obviously the people who slated St Giles were expecting a 5* hotel without having to pay! If your looking for huge rooms then spend loads more money on another hotel. If, like me, you are looking for a reasonably priced clean room then you need look no further! Staff are lovely and wish to help you in any way!   I didn't chose the breakfast option as the amount of local cafes around…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4745-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great hotel and very reasonable prices,"Travelled to London for the British Summer Time Festival in Hyde Park, chose to stay at the St Giles Hotel because it was central and convenient. Previous stays in London has always been around Tower Bridge or Canary Wharf areas. I walked from Paddington train station to the hotel, easy enough to find and about 45 minutes walking distance although it is a nightmare to take your luggage through Oxford Street.   The hotel is only about 400 or 500 feet from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station about a 2 minute walk, when I arrived at the hotel I was greeted by the concierge and told where the check in desk was. From the outside the hotel doesn’t look anything fantastic but once inside it looks pretty nice. Check In was simple and the girl who I seen (Can’t remember her name) was very…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"The rooms are very small, but your not spending your whole holiday in them. The vending machine on each floor was very helpful.Staff were very nice. The only problem was we arrived in London at 9 in the moring got to the hotel at 11, but we couldn't check in until 2. Thats was the only bad thing. But we could leave our bags there. The location was excellent. You're literally 2 minutes away from We Will Rock You and Tottenham Court Road Tube Station. I'm going to london in 3 weeks and booked into this hotel!",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
4751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok for one night,"I booked this hotel for an overnight business stay.  It was in a perfect location next to Tottenham Court Underground and was easy to walk from the hotel to Covent Garden.  Reception wasn't the out efficient but we got there in the end.  The hotel looked great with access to a casino, pool, Japanese and Italian restaurant.  That changed when I got out of the lift.  The corridors are horrid and look like dorms.  The room I had was tiny.  It mad a double bed and a shelving unit with TV on the wall.  As for swinging a cat, no chance.  Dinner in the Italian was ok and well priced.  Breakfast was awful and was like a holiday camp.  Queues were long and the quality was terrible.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good location and that's all you get...,"We just spent a long weeked at this hotel. The location is super good, 5 min walk from the Tube station, near by the Oxford street with lots of shopping areas and bars&restaurants. Good rooms but quite small, with a really small window that could not open completely. Very noisy. The option to leave your luggage at the concierge desk for a few hours after check-out was very convenient to us.  The breakfast was terrible, with scrambled eggs, sausage and beans but no vegetables or dark bread. It really felt like school canteen queue with tray and thick beakers. If I will ever stay at St Giles again, I will not have the breakfast. There are much better options outside (e.g. Café Rouge near by). No free Wi-Fi.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Old hotel. Expensive but doesnt enough comfortable and cleen.,Definitely the rooms here are very poor. 3* hotel could be moor comfortable. Old interior. Rooms have to be repaired. One small window in the ordinary double room is not enough. I don't recommend it for couples and families with children.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4750-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location - Executive Rooms superb,After reading the awful reviews on here about the standard rooms we decided to book an Executive Twin room for our 2 night sightseeing stay. We paid the same amount for 2 nights here as 1 night in a standard room elsewhere in London. At the end of the day we didnt come here to spend time in the room or to become friends with the staff... we just wanted somewhere clean and comfy in a safe and central location. We were NOT disappointed! Huge windows (with curtains!) overlooking Big Ben with a fridge & free bottles of water. We had the windows open at night and the room was surprisingly quiet considering the central location. Comfy beds with extra pillows and a huge leather sofa and dressing table. We also liked the fact that on every floor by the elevator there is a snack/drink…,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent value for money, great location hotel!","Have just returned from one night staying at this hotel. What a fantastic location, room was a bit small but plenty big enough for a twin, very clean and comfy, it was a bit warm and could do with a little updating but that was just the part of the hotel we were in. The rest of it was beautiful! Check in was really quick with very helpful, friendly staff. Concierge was excellent, we couldn't check in till 14:00 but we were able to sort out the paperwork and leave our luggage after arriving at about 10am. I was a bit worried after reading some reviews for this hotel but I wasn't dissappointed and will definately be going back. Only grumble would be that the doors need soundproofing. Corridor noise travel. Overall Excellent!",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London June 2013,"Stayed here for only one night in June 2013 for a theatre trip. Very nice hotel, exceptionally clean and very comfortable, had a great night's sleep and it was very quiet.....no problems with the room.....although we had an 11am check out the maid did open the door at 8 am so make use of the 'Do Not Disturb' sign ! Breakfast was nice too with plenty of choice......overall, great place to stay.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"The St. Giles is in a great location, and it is fairly cheap. The front desk checked us in at 7AM after our transatlantic flight. That was very kind of them. The room was so tiny that we had no way to open our suitcases on the floor. We were on the top floor, and it took two tiny elevators to get there. We lost hot water the second day, and all we got was an apology. A free coffee would have mollified me, but that was not to be. We only spent one night, and the hotel was adequate for us. I would have enjoyed a second shower. Still, they did let us check in early, and most hotels won't. I won'tbe returning.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"We stopped here just for the one night as we were going to wembley to see robbie williams great location as it right by Tottenham court road tube station ,which is a great help , hotel reception was quick and painless , But the lifts are a pain always waiting , room was nice big bathroom with a bath and a shower , bed is quite large , air con , ketlle etc ,tv, one drawback is the window it only opens a couple of inches so all you get to look at are the concrete walls,  There is a swimming pool and gym there also but we didnt use these, a japanese themed bar/restaurant located on the ground floor we just had a drink in there , but 4,50 for a small bottle of beer is pretty steep.  If your looking to get around London on the tube buy yourself a day pass for the tube at £8.00 it was…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4755-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Normal hotel in a good location.,"This Hotel is really big and always full. I don't like that, but is place at 200 meters to Oxford street and the price is fair enough cause London is allways very expensive. Every time I go there is always full of kids and at night is impossible to sleep well.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
4760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,pleasing stay at st giles!,great hotel quite basic but clean rooms comfy beds and friendly staff are all a bonus. Excellent location to gain access to all the tourists attractions and will definately be stopping there in the future. Word of advice get down early for the breakfast the queue is long - we went down at 8.45 and was fine after that its massive - plenty of choice for the  breakfast meal and all cooked well etc.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value central London hotel,"I have stayed at the St Giles many times now and have always received excellent service, the rooms are perfectly proportioned for our needs, always clean and well presented.  All the staff have always been very helpful and polite, the concierge are particularly helpful and obliging. The location is perfect, virtually all west end attractions/theatres/shopping are within walking distance, we hardly ever need to use the tube.  The breakfast is well cooked and the buffet arrangement makes it easy to get exactly what you want, there is a good selection to account for all tastes, the waiting staff are very efficient and the tables are kept very clean. I have already recommended this to friends who are now also repeat visitors.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Thankfully it was just one night.,"Stayed here for one night while attending an awards dinner at another hotel.  The room really was tiny, not very well kept up to date, although some credit due, the shower room had just been redone, it could have done with a proper clean though.  The walls are paper thin and were clearly doing works somewhere close to my room, good job I didn't need any peace and quiet when I arrived around 5pm.  The decor of the whole place really does need a lot of assistance, the entrance lobby looked like it hadn't been updated since the place opened.  I felt like I was putting the chap out at check in, I thought it was just him who must have been having a bad day, however looking at the rest of the staff they were simply there to ""process"" you and get you away from reception as quick as…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Hotel is in a perect location for walking to all the main 'must sees' in London.  Staff were friendly and helpful. The standard single room looked just like the picture and was small and the bathroom tiny (small sink was in the corner of the shower cubicle). The mattress and pillows had seen better days but, because of the location, I would stay there again. I didn't eat in the hotel so can't review the food.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4760-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, adequate accommodation but some frustration!","In terms of value for money, you don't get any for hotels in London. You pay for the location end of and that is the best thing about the St Giles.  It is right next to Tottenham Court Road tube which is only a few stops from Kings Cross, near to Covent Garden, Leicester Square etc and all of the other sightseeing spots are not many stops away either. There is a sainsburys directly opposite too which was handy.  I stayed in a twin room on the 9th floor. The room was small but perfectly adequate, nothing flash but no complaints with the room at all. The safe was easy to use, the bathroom was small but clean, there was plenty of storage space and because the windows are small and don't open far, it was warm but there is a plug in fan provided which was useful. The room was very…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonable Hotel in a Great Location,"I stayed here for a second time on business. The hotel is in an ideal central location.   The twin room I stayed in was a good size and with the exception of the duvet cover seemed clean. The beds were comfortable and the room had a good safe, tea and coffee making facilities, fridge and hair dryer.   I didn't have dinner but breakfast was fine, I went at 8am but when I was leaving at 8.30am there was a large queue to get a table for breakfast.   I would return, it's basic but comfortable and is good value for the location.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is everything & that's about all!,"This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. The check in was astrocious, did not offer us two keys, told us we had to pay cash or our credit card would have the money held, one person told us the room wasn't ready, the other person we got shuffled over to told us it was, they didn't tell us we had free breakfast, we just happened to read a notice in the room! The room itself was pretty good but it should have been as we booked an executive room so we had enough space to put our suitcases after one month travelling around.  The breakfast was more than adequate but the hotel staff in general were not helpful this time around, they were a lot better last time and back then I had only booked a single, cheap room!  The room was comfortable, was able to open a window with…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We're coming back!,"Compared to other London-hotels I've stayed in, St. Giles is the best. There is so much more space in the lobby, the corridores and the rooms than in the other hotels. The furnisings are average, but me and my friends were not looking for a luxury hotel.  We prefered not to eat breakfast at the hotel, so I can't say anything about the buffet. But we ate dinner in the hotel restaurant one night, and that was not bad! The waiter recommended great wine with the food, and we had a good experience.   Like all the the other reviewers, I have to mention the location, which is perfect! At the hotel, we did not feel the rush from the city, the street is pretty quiet (and there is a grocery store nearby!). But if you want to go back to the city-rush again, Oxford Street is right around…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
4768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"For my needs, it was perfectly adequate. The room was very small and basic, but I only needed somewhere to stay for one night while I went to see a show. If I was going on holiday to London, then I would not stay here. The bed was comfortable, and there was an extra pillow available in the wardrobe if needed - they only put one pillow on the bed, but it was a good thickness. There are tea and coffee making facilities in the room, and a hairdryer. The bathroom is small, but nicely decorated - far better than the bedroom area. A shower cap is provided, as well as tissues and a spare toilet paper roll, but there is no shampoo and conditioner, or soap - just a small amount of gel soap in a dispenser, which does foam well. I had to use my hands to wash my face though as no wash cloth…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4765-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but average hotel,"The staff are friendly and our room was small but clean and reasonably appointed. At peak times in the breakfast room there is a large queue for a cooked breakfast, the breakfast was OK. You soon get used to waiting for the lifts because of the number of hotel  residents. The location of the hotel is good being a very short distance from Tottenham Court Road tube station and handy for walking to Oxford Street, the British Museum and Covent Garden. This hotel is better for short stays because of the number staying here but it has a good location.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, great hotel","I've just got back from a really great weekend in London with my husband which was helped by staying at the St giles hotel, I was a little worried about what I was going to find when I arrived at the hotel on Friday after reading every review since my husband surprised me with the trip two months ago. I was pleasantly surprised by our stay yes the rooms weren't huge, we stayed in a deluxe room which had a seating area with sofa desk/dressing table chair and wardrobe plus a separate sleeping area, but for the amount of time we were in the room this was fine. We had a nice surprise on our arrival that the hotel wanted us to have breakfast for the duration of our stay in there restaurant as we were executive customers this was free and this breakfast was great it included yogurts,…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shopping trip,For those on a budget this is the one for you.ideal position close to all shops .resturants and theatre's.Breakfast was very busy but go slightly later and you'll be ok .Was enough to fill you till lunch time.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb location,"We stayed at St. Giles for 4 nights and were upgraded to an executive room. It was on the 13th floor and quite spacious with an excellent view. The best part of the room was the special breakfast which was a lot more quiet and comfortable than the general breakfast room (we had to visit that one morning when the executive breakfast was closed). I had been looking forward to using the YMCA facilities next door but it was too difficult with the purchase of a token for entrance before you could even check the place out. Also, no free WiFi is a strong minus for this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very satisfying!,"Stayed at St. Giles in march 2013. Small rooms, but clean and nice. The staff was very helpful. Great location just 2 minutes walk from Oxford street and 1-2 minutes walk from the subway. The ""we will rock you""-theatre is 1-2 minutes walk from the Hotel. It is also a primark store right next to the hotel. Didn't like the breakfast at the Hotel. The shower was very small and might be a problem for disabled or other that need extra space in the shower. Would also appreciate better wifi opportunities. Other than that we were very happy with st. giles. Will certainly stay here next time as well!!! ",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4770-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel great location,"Stayed one night in this hotel while visiting London to watch a show. Great location to the various theatres,covent garden,Leicester sq etc. Rooms where very small,dated but on the whole clean,ok for a short visit. Reasonable price for London. Breakfast was called coffee to go ! You get a choice of pastry and an orange juice. I would stop here again for a short stay purely for the location.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good; would stay again,"Having booked a single room on a Thursday night in June at £85 on Booking.com, I was a little wary having subsequently read the reviews on here. But I shouldn't have worried. I really enjoyed my stay at the St. Giles, thought it was good value for money and I'd definitely stay here again.  Yes, the rooms are small. But this is London. Just like New York and Paris, space is limited and demand is high, so hotels try to get the maximum use out of the space they have. That's just a given, so expect it.  When I checked into the St. Giles, there was a couple at reception screaming at one of the receptionists about getting a bigger room, which wasn't a great start to my stay, but when I actually got to my room I was very pleasantly surprised. It was small, yes, but actually very well…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Broom Cupboard,I should have listened to a reviewer here and I am posting this so readers are pre-warned! Was meant to be a fun theatre night before a business meeting but this hotel was a disappointment. The tiniest room I have ever seen and when I asked to change was told they were fully booked but if I call my agent then they will move me? Hang on how can you if you just said all rooms are booked?? Breakfast was a cattle call with a long queue in a canteen. I walked out.,Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
4777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Great value for money in a fantastic location, rooms clean, staff friendly. Close to all major attractions and public transport links, I have stayed here a few times since and would recommend to anyone",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
4778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible room,"Single room on the 12th floor. The main lift goes up to floor 11 so you have to get in a little lift or use the stairs to get to the 12th floor. The room was so tiny there was no room for a bedside table - or an easy chair - just a small bucket chair that had to double as a side table for my watch/phone overnight. No air conditioning in the room - and the window only opened a little way (it was a muggy 26C when I was there). TV only had radio channels - no TV channels. Shower room was so tiny the washbasin was inside the small, square shower, making the space even smaller. The shower pressure was very poor, not helped by the shower mixer tap that kept drooping under its own weight, so reducing the shower flow even more. The bathroom mirror lights weren't working - but you…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
4779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4775-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap but very average,The location was good but the building is ugly the room card did not work and the room was functional at best the breakfast was ok but the room was very busy and seats were at a premium if you are looking for location and price this hotel ticks the box but. It lacks quality and was not a pleasant stay,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab location good room rate,"Not the most luxurious room in fact ""cat"" ""swing"" ""couldn't"" springs to mind however it was good value and great location for theatres and shopping and the staff were very pleasant and professional - would definitely stay there again for an overnighter, but not if for a special occasion. It's a case of you get what you pay for",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
4781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but rather basic,"I stayed at this hotel for one night in a standard double room with my boyfriend. Room was quite old fashioned and small but was ok. Bathroom was also small with only a shower cubicle (no bath) you could also hear lots of noise from traffic outside, nearby building work etc. There were always huge queues for the lifts. The breakfast was very basic, ok but not great and we had to queue for about ten mins. There are also not enough tables for the amount of guests wanting breakfast at the same time!  If you want somewhere central that's cheap then stay here but if you want something nicer then don't come here as you will be disappointed! Also if you like Germans come here as there were loads of them, all seemed friendly",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel in Great Location,"If you want luxury, please look for other hotels. However, if you want a hotel which is centrally located for your shopping spree and nice food with some nice light, please do not hesitate to choose this hotel.   SOHO for nightlife and great chinese food in Chinatown are just within 5 minutes walk away. The Tottenham underground station which is now in upgrading mode is located within 1-2 minutes walk from the hotel.  The hotel room is small as it used to be YMCA who is still running the gym downstairs. As I was given a newly renovated room, there is minimum defects. The only defect I noted is the uncleaned carpet portion sandwich between the bedside tables and the queen bed and the dirty toilet exhaust fan whereby the dust dropped onto my body when I was dryiny myself in the…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location was the key,"Travelling with wife and friends this was a good place. Rooms were in good shape and the location just perfect. What I learned about the hotel was that the rooms are quite different, some of them are small, some big, some quite modern and some quite old. Perfect place when you are planning to see the city and only sleep at the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4780-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good for the money,"We stayed 4 nights, had executive twin..unlike other reviewers our room was a good size. We had the executive breakfast served in the japanese restaurant area, good buffet choice of cereals etc followed by fresh cooked english breakfast with toast. Room was serviced daily and kept clean. Internet was bit of rip off so did not use. Paying the small amount extra for executive rooms seems to have paid off for us. Good location and helpful staff. Will use again in December.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,After reading the reviews on trip advisor my sister and myself were a little concerned as to what to expect but after arriving and having our luggage carried in for us the treatment only improved I had booked a double instead of a twin room and although it wasn't possible to change that day we were assured the next day we would be moved the double room we had was great a little small but excellent  the next day all we had to do was have our bags ready to be moved and the staff did that while we were out .we returned to find we were on the 2nd floor in a twin and once again the room was great enough room for the two of us and our clothes we couldn't have wished for a better room as for the breakfast we found it to be plentiful with assorted boxed cereal mainly kellogs  so no…,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average...  squeak... squeak...,"Very small and cramped bedrooms, but typical of many budget hotels in London.  The rooms were tidy but so small.  The bedroom safes are frequently broken.  The breakfasts are only average - frequently only just warm and sometimes a little congealed, having been kept under ""hot"" lights.  Oh... don't forget the mice seen running across the dining room floor...",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location small rooms,"We stayed at the St. Giles hotel Friday and Saturday, on checking in and going to the rooms we all did say how small they were, however they were spotlessly clean, the best thing was the location very central to most areas that we needed to go too. The staff we came in contact with we're very helpful.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap tourist trap,Stayed here with a group of friends for the night. Location is all that it has going for it.  Basic tourist hotel with people coming and going every second of the day. I had a single room with small bed and very very dated furniture and decoration.  The room was the size of a stamp too! Old door keys too so to avoid the extra weight in my pocket it was easier to hand into reception.  Had breakfast to which it was like a school canteen and very poor food.  Will not return. ,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4785-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value for the location,"Great value for money, brilliant location just a few minutes from Tottenham court road underground and oxford street a d ideal if you are going to see we will rock you.  Rooms are clean with good facilities. You will not find better for the price ",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location Poor hotel,"Location for this hotel is superb! Close to Oxford st for all your shopping amenities and tottenham road tube station and just around the corner for the superb show 'we will rock you'!. However this review is based on the hotel itself......As you appoach the hotel you think 'wow'! The lobby is very clean and spacious with very friendly and helpful staff and you think you are in the ritz! (well sort of) until you get to your room!!  Rooms are very small.  Very old fashioned (does not reflect the same ambiance of the lobby) serious updating is needed. If you like rock hard beds then this is the place for you. We stayed in a 3 bed room and only and 1 hand towel and 1 bath towel. Tiny little window with old fashion slat blinds. Small tv with standard chanels, No free wifi. Thread…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,iBHAN Internet scam,"The hotel was average. Room clean and fairly comfortable, but quite dark with small window looking out into a narrow alley. Breakfast was poor with tough bread rolls and horrible orange juice and croissants.  The worst thing though was the iBHAN Internet. I paid with my iPAD but needed to use my ipad and laptop. But the system does not provide a password but only allows access to the device used to make the transaction. It's is not made clear that this is the case. Their support initialy replied to my email and asked me for more information, MAC numbers etc. and said there was a solution. But then didn't reply again. So had to pay for access via my phone as well. Hotel staff aware of problem, but just shrugged saying management had commissioned the iBHAN system. Poor, avoid!",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location - Breakfast Too Busy,"We stayed in this hotel with 2 friends in January 2013.  The hotel is in an excellent location, you can walk to oxford street and most of the theatres.  The room was very small but cozy, our friends had a suite which was quite dated, they had a few problems but they were sorted out eventually.  Breakfast on the first morning was fine as we arrived quite early but on the Sunday morning it was a nightmare, the queue was about a mile long, they were letting you into the dining area and there was no-where to sit!  Overall the hotel is ""ok"" great if you want a central location but do not book here if you want luxury.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small and clean,Stayed at this hotel on the 6th June 2013 Nothing much to say about this hotel other than in its defence the rooms where very small but clean also the breakfast dining area was a bit like the Wild West with people everywhere but the breakfast was good The reason why I'm writing this review is that I paid £99 for one person for one night so when you book it don't expect a five star hotel for one star money this hotel is just of Oxford street it's got small clean rooms and provides although busy a nice breakfast so if your looking for somewhere on a budget that has a great location and is clean in my opinion it's great value for money for London,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4790-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very average,The location is great. The room was rather small. The breakfast was disappointing. The staff were very pleasant. A dirty cup was left in my room. It was all terribly terribly average. Imagine a slightly downmarket UK Travelodge to understand the sort of quality. But I slept. I ate. It was central. You get what you get......,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location and Hotel,"I stayed at St Giles for 3 nights and found it a nice clean hotel for the price I paid. The location was great, right near Oxford St and I enjoyed the many pubs and restaurants just around the corner. On my first night there I had WiFi problems and promptly reported this late on night one. The next day upon returning from a day sightseeing the WiFi issue was still there. As the issue was with my room and could not be fixed as it was the weekend, I was offered to change rooms at no cost and upgraded to a double instead of single. This was a huge plus in my eyes and I was very thankful. I found the amenities fit for purpose and the bathroom was clean and big enough for any person. The only negatived was the cleaning service wanted to clean my room at 8.20am in the morning and I…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"I was a bit apprehensive about staying at this hotel after reading the reviews. However, we enjoyed our stay here. The hotel is centrally located and close to the tube station, shopping and theatre. The breakfast was good. Our room was small, yet clean and comfortable. We will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location the only plus,"The entrance staircase and lobby bely the real side of this Hotel. Our double room was tiny and there was little or no room for two people with cases - forget hanging anything up over 3 items. The iroining room, a good idea spoiled by faulty equipment and the stench of cigarette smoke from the adjoining staff room niiiice. Nightime noise levels enhanced by the electric guitarist outside until 2am. TCR side therefore very noisy indeed. location good but there are far better hotels out there for the money in the same location. AVOID.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
4798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Girls London Trip,I was a little apprehension about staying in this hotel after booking and reading the reviews.  I thought the hotel was very central with a 2 minute walk from the underground.   Yes the rooms were slightly small but it is central London and what you get for your money is good value.  I would certainly use this hotel again.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4795-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but perfectly formed,"Booked a standard double room at this hotel for a friday night after attending an event at the Excel centre. When I got there, the receptionist said that I'd been upgraded to an executive single. The executive sounded good, but the single didn't. But she said that the bed in there is pretty much a double bed anyway so I reserved judgement. She was right, the bed was just like a double anyway. The room was pretty small really - probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in - but I was expecting this after reading the other reviews.   The price I paid was lower than most hotels in central London, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But I was pleasantly surprised.  Staff were very courteous. Cleanliness of room was perfect. Facilities good with plenty of tea, coffee, etc. Good…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but that's where the positives end","I think it's good to start a review off with the positives, unfortunately there was only one and that is the location of this hotel. The hotel is a 2 minute walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station and as we were going out in Holborn and later Picadilly Circus it was ideally placed.  I arrived slightly earlier than the 2pm check in but could see plenty of people queuing up and checking in already so I went along, the room was not yet ready but they completed the check in paper work and directed me towards the bar and advised me to come back a bit later to get the room key. So far ok... we were part of a group of ten and gradually the rest of the group appeared and just before 2pm all the others had managed to check into their rooms and been given keys. So again I headed…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better of at a Travel Lodge,"Good central location - that's the plus side.  Felt like we spent 3 nights in a rabbit hutch.  Small room very lumpy bed. No air conditioning although there was a fan provided in the room. Tea & Coffee in room, but no biscuits or fridge that you would expect from a 4*.  Also be aware that this hotel wants up front payment - which we were not expecting & if we had not have paid when we checked in we would have not been able to stay - I have never paid up front for a hotel except for budget hotels like travel lodge. This was rated as a 4 star hotel - It most certainly was not, The Giles hotel provides very basic accommodation.  For the money paid you would be better of in a budget hotel such as t.lodge, Ibis or premier. As we found this hotel no-where near as good. Oh they also…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st gilestrip,"Stayed for one night 5th to 6th june, pretty average sort of place, nothing bad i could say about it, apart from a poorly cleaned bathroom, friendly enough staff, didnt dine there, but continental breakfast was poor fare for an extra ten quid, all in all probably stay there again, purely for location and access round london.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Disappointing, you could do better","This was not my choice, but a friend's, and it was primarily chosen for location. We wanted to be near Russell Square. It did for a couple nights, but it was really just a place to lie our heads.   The service was below average. We needed another towel and it took a couple calls before we had a result. A call to housekeeping just kept ringing and produced no answer.   Make sure you have printed what you need before arriving. I had forgotten to print off a car rental voucher, and it cost several pounds to do it at the hotel. The internet is £1 for 20 minutes, which would be ok if it wasn't so damn slow!! It just made me more and more angry about having to be charged the longer it took to load any page, and then the computer shut down on me suddenly. Printing is 50p per page, and…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4800-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal base for theatre / shopping break,"Only stayed here for 1 night for my wife's birthday treat to take in Jersey Boys at the Prince Edward Theatre. Having stayed at this hotel for a similar break on a previous occasion I knew what to expect and chose because of it's close proximity to the theatre - only a 10-15 minute walk. Situated just off Tottenham Court Road by Dominion Theatre, Tube station & Oxford Street the location is ideal. Check in was quick & easy, friendly reception area. Arrived early so left case at Concierge desk and spent afternoon shopping before returning to hotel & getting room key (276). Rooms are quite small but adequate and functional for a short stay. I had requested a quiet room and this room met expectations. Breakfast offers plenty of choice, cereals, rolls, jams, fruit as well as a…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,5 days at St.Giles,"placed in the center of the city, friendly reception, very friendly desk clerks, especially the young John. Breakfast  gorgeous. Very kind service.Single room is not  recommended for it is too small    The rooms are very  clean.Reasonable  prices considering the area. I recommend this Hotel.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine but better value hotels around,"I have been staying at The President for a long time, on Russell Sq.  Great simple B&B for low 80s.  Saw this for 125 without brekkie and thought it was worth a crack.  Not great.  Not bad, but not 40 quid better.  Concierge was excellent, smily and helpful.  Could not fault.  Check in painless.  Both better than the President.  But the rooms were equally small and drab, and the bathroom much smaller.  I will be going back to the President but the hotel, per se, is fine and does nothing wrong!",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So small,Once you put your case on the floor there is not much floor space left. The location is okay and just around the corner to the underground. If you are just looking for a bed well its okay Staff were helpfully and the hotel is not far from the main west end theatres.,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nasty surprise,"Ok I'll be fair, this is a low end budget hotel excellently placed in central London. As a base it's superb for tourists etc BUT  Unclean...dried urine around the toilet, suspicious hairs in the shower. Tiny noisy room and the lifts ! This place has like 9 floors served by 4 lifts and yet I waited over 10 minutes before giving up and hitting the stairs.  Sorry St Giles but as a frequent business traveller I won't be back",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4805-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hit and miss,Great location but rooms are hit and miss. All small but that's reflected in the price. Weird that they only have Irish papers. All in all better than a lot of places and in a great spot so don't expect too much luxury for your money. ,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London visit,"The concierge staff at this hotel were wonderful.  The location is terrific but rooms are dated and the breakfast room is not inviting at all with small utility tables and chairs.  However there is a tiny area where one can get lovely coffee with sandwiches and pastries.  The young woman working there is very helpful. The elevators are really dubious, especially the one that goes to the twelfth floor!  There is no free WiFi, but Starbucks is really nearby where one can get on-line while having a nice breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"I booked this hotel for my husband and daughter who were going to a concert at the Emirates Stadium so my review is based on what my husband told me.  First thing is the location is great.  Shops and tubes right on the doorstep.The room was unbearably hot so they didn't sleep too well but that could have also been down to the fact that after a very long winter in UK, we are suddenly in the midst of a mini heatwave  Also my husbands room was backing on to the lift shaft so incredibly noisy  Think he said it was room 331 so try to avoid that room if you can.  They only stayed one night.  Breakfast was ok but the bacon wasn't very appetising- ham not bacon and very fatty.  Also if you like a lie in remember to put the do not disturb sign outside your door before you go asleep.  As…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Most Enjoyable,"Went to see We Will Rock You in London and this hotel came up as being close by - well close by is an understatement - it is situated in a fantastic position for the theatre, as well as for shopping, eating and drinking. The hotel has a lovely reception area with a quick book in, and a very helpful concierge - where, if like us you want to spend the day in London before the show, you can go to the hotel early and leave your bags - on a Sunday there is a small charge for leaving your bags, and I do mean small - cost us £1 per bag.  Did read on here some people complaining the rooms were small, but I wouldn't say that. We had a standard room, which was more than adequate, very clean, tea/coffee facilities and tv.  There is also vending machines on each floor as you come out of the…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An Ideal base to see London,"My husband and I returned yesterday from the St Giles Hotel, with my daughter and her fiancé.    We were greeted and helped to our rooms with luggage.  We stayed in two standard double rooms, which were adjacently allocated on the second floor.  They were clean and comfortable, with T.V., shower and tea making facilities and a safe . The room was serviced daily with very friendly staff.  We found the location ideal, tube station just around the corner.  The British museum was  up the road. Local shops included Sainsbury's and Boots .  A  car park is located underneath  the hotel.The price and location was excellent compared with other hotels. The European breakfast was a buffet of Continental and English breakfast combined and the food was very good.  The service was excellent…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4810-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not too sure about this hotel...,"I stayed in this hotel for two nights on business. The hotel is located very centrally, and as such is an excellent base for exploring Central London and beyond. The staff were fairly friendly, and the food at breakfast was decent. However, it seems that this hotel is simply too large! Lifts took ages to come and queues at breakfast were incredible. My room was also VERY small and poorly cleaned, beds were also pretty uncomfy and I also had an issue with my TV not working and was told I would need to wait until the next day until they could look at it. Not really good enough to be honest. I don't think I would stay here again, as there are much better options available. However, if location is vital to you, and you are not too fussed in regards to standards, then this hotel…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ruined the start to our travels!!,"Me and my friend stayed at this hotel at the beginning of may excuse its taken a while to type this review I just would like to warn people about thieves working in this hotel !!! My friend left two t shirts and a 200 pound north face jacket in the wardrobe , he realised this as we left the hotel on the train to the airport , we phoned and were told to wait as they checked the room we had only vacated earlier , they never bothered to call us back so my mate rang and they told him the t shirts were there but no north face jacket obvisiouly someone the security or cleaner had stolen the jacket!! This was for mountain climbing once we got to New Zealand and totally upset my friend ! No apology nothing rude Eastern Europeans who couldn't care less!!! I've read a few reviews and…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ok place to lay your head for a night,Went here on a business trip so all I was looking for was place to sleep that was reasonable comfortable and well priced. This was both- no nore and no less. Don't expect any great shakes here- it is an average three star in London- massive hotel in the tower block style but all round its not bad. Would I stay here on a personal weekend aay with family etc.....probably not would want better.,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A roof over your head - yes; luxury - no,"As a roof over your head, this hotel is in a great location, 5 mins from the British Museum, Covent Garden, all the West End theaters and cinemas. We had a standard double room for a very competitive price.   Newly renovated bathroom with an actual working glass shower door - no wet floor! Small TV, safe, tea-making equipment - all good. The room was dark, as had only small window on side of room. The dark tiles in the bathroom made it too dark to apply makeup. Only one chair in room made it hard for two people to sit down and have a cup of tea.  For one person this double-room would be fine. Likewise for a short stay. If you are two and staying for more than two nights, splurge on a ""luxury double"" or executive, they are not that much more expensive.  Renovation work was going…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean hotel","This hotel is very reasonable for its location, easy access to everywhere in London, very central! The staff very friendly, the hotel was clean.  The bedrooms were small but had everything you needed for a base, powerful shower modern bathroom, the room was nicely furnished, the rooms were very hot which did make it difficult to sleep, but if a window was open would be ok, the two single beds were ok but could have done with an extra topper it was a bit springy, but overall great value and the lady who works in the coffee shop is very friendly and the location for a base for sightseeing is great!",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4815-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just what we wanted,"Excellent location. Staff lovely we were early and they found us a room so we could leave our luggage and our other room would be available at correct check in time.  Both rooms were just right for what we needed them for, enough room and the bathrooms were compact but enough space for us.  The second room had bigger bathroom but the bedroom was slightly smaller.  Breakfast was just  what we needed it to be plenty of choice and tasty.  Ok it was not plush seating and white tablecloths, but I have stayed in hotels in London where this was the case and the choice was very limited!  I will definitely stay here again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dishonest staff,Booked my two sons a two night stay 23 March 2013. Both were very pleased with location and happy with their rooms. However when they returned to the hotel on the second day the younger brother found that his I-pod which he had left under his pillow had gone. The room had obviously been cleaned but the I-pod had not been handed to lost property. Security staff told my son that the device must have been wrapped up in the bed linen when the cleaner changed the sheets. He did not believe that the cleaner could not have  noticed the I-pod. The tracking device on the I-pod located it to another area of London which proved it had been removed from the hotel.  My son had to leave the next morning to catch his train and did not get a satisfactory explanation from hotel management. He…,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, small rooms","In short; this was an average experience. This large hotel is located almost on top of the Tottenham Court Road tube stop, and you can hardly get a more ideal situation for a quick London weekend.  On the other hand, the bed have old time spring-mattresses, some of the quite worn, the rooms are the smallest I've ever seen (at least the singles rooms), there are too few elevators for such a large hotel, and the reception area is too small and crowded during peak hours.  But if you can live with theses faults, and won't spend too much time in the hotel, I can recommend this for a good value-for-money.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - extremely busy!,Booked for 1 night. Arrived very early and was able to use the excellent concierge service to leave the luggage whilst we explored London. The hotel was extremely busy and fairly noisy so don't expect a great nights sleep! However this has to be expected in London. The bar was vibrant in the late evening and the room facilities were of a generally good standard. All in all a good hotel to use as a base in central London at a great price!,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,We stayed this weekend after the Chelsea flower show. Both the bedroom and bathroom were newly and tastefully decorated. The hotel was very central for the west end and reasonably priced and the coffee to go was perfectly adequate. We are staying again in 2 weeks time and are hoping for a similar room. A very acceptable base for the west end !,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4820-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,We have just returned from a fabulous weekend in London and the stay at The St giles Hotel certainly added to our great time in the city. The location was brilliant being on the doorstep of Oxford street and Tottenham court road tube station. Check in staff were very friendly and efficient. The room although small was more than adequate for our stay. The only negative point of our stay was the very poor staff in the bar on both nights. They seemed more concerned about going home than serving customers. Also a big problem with the English language was very evident with all the bar staff apart from the bar tender.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A real hassle hotel,"Got there at night and was put in a miniature and very hot, no air conditioning, rooftop room. It had ants and window wouldn't open. Next day they changed our room, better but bathroom light blew out and unable to turn shower off. Long waits for elevators day and night. Very many organised groups, very tiring atmosphere with long lines for breakfast.  Hassle city hotel ... NO  FREE WIFI- unacceptable!",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location near Oxford Street,"We stayed two nights over the bank holiday week end. Arrived at noon on Friday where the check in staff very efficient and friendly. We were pleased to see that our room was ready so we could sort out and freshen up before walking down to Trafalgar Square then onto Embabkment. Standard room on small size but clean and adequate. On 12th floor overlooking Bedford Street, quiet, with very  little noise from Tottenham Court Road. Bathroom clean but again small. We did not try breakfast so cannot comment on this but did try the bar one evening and again friendly staff, but too many tv screens for us. On checking out we were able to leave bags with concierge for a fee of £1 per bag so that we could collect later on in the day before returning home. A useful service.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small,"The rooms are diminutive. I booked a double standard, a deceptive term since two people could barely walk around the bed or fit in bed for that matter (the bed was a glorified full, and a short one at that, since my 6.1 husband had his feet literally hanging out of the bed). I travel a lot and this hotel has the dubious honor of smallest room in memory. The shower was 3 by 3 ft at best and you could not have two pieces of luggage open at the same time in the room if you aspired to walk around it. The bed was clean but not the rest of the room nor the shower, which showed signs of previous use (read: hair and soap scum). The breakfast is generic ad sloppy. When I asked for a larger room I was told that the room itself might be larger but the bed would not be.....and several…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location,The St Giles Hotel is very well situated if you want to visit central London.  It is just off Oxford Street and is very close to the undergound services.  You are also walking distance from The London Eye and Buckingham Palace.  The Hotel was very comfortable and just what you need for a short break.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4825-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean & Central,Stayed here for three nights over a bank holiday weekend  which turned out to be a particularly busy one for London. The single room I booked was tiny - but as expected and more than adequate. Noise didn not seem to be an issue even thought the room overlooked a main road. More to the point the room was very clean and there seems to be a really good checking policy in place to make sure that the room is serviced to a high standard. The only real let down - and probably the same with any volume hotel - is that the lifts take for ever and I resorted to taking the stairs more than once!,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bad value,"The hotel is not very clean, the breakfast fast not worth the money, we had to eat breakfast in a café instead. The hotel was close to Oxford Street an other attractions, but that about it coming to value. If you dont care about the hotel, and just want to live close to many attraction this is the hotel. But not for me, I am not going to stay there again. The staff was not so friendly, and some of them did not even speak english. I also had a hard time sleeping there because of all the noise of the people working in the hotel and bad sound isolation.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"The location of the hotel is just round the corner from the tube station and a few minutes from Oxford St shopping.  The room was adequate and clean, the shower was tiny and in need of updating.  The tea/coffee facilities in the room were much appreciated. We had a reasonable nights sleep as we were at the back of the hotel but we over heard other guests in the lift complaining about the noise from the street.  There are restaurants attached to the hotel, we didn't eat at them, instead we walked around the corner to a great Turkish restaurant.  The breakfast was poor.  The queues for the food were long, there weren't enough tables for everyone to sit at. The food was basic, it felt like a poor school canteen.  We were able to leave our cases with concierge during the day and…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"Came for our anniversary ,we were early midday but our room was ready! Very very small and a strange aroma my husband thought polish or cleaner? But we came back from our walk it was a really disgusting smell wet dog or dirty socks? They moved us straight away with no fuss really impressed.our new room had obviously had a smoker who left chewing gum & cigarette butt on the outer window ledge dirty beast! Once we left window open smell faded . That's the only moan the staff were great ,all seemed happy in their jobs nothing too much trouble,breakfast although really busy the staff were really on the ball p,entry of everything we will happily stay here again .yes the rooms are small but you are there for London not stopping in your room the shower was good .bigger towels please…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break,Arrived at hotel early on Tuesday morning we were able to leave our bags with the concierge and off we went all good .Check in was quick. We returned at 3 45 and went to get our bags but I had put 2bottles of wine in one bag and this was found to be broken all my mags and things were soaked but they dealt with the situation very well and were very apologetic .they later replaced all things that were damaged  by the broken wine so I thought that was very good.the room was on the 8th floor and though there was a limited view over London it was ok. Room a bit on the small side but for one night ok.Linen very clean and towels white and fluffy. Breakfast next morning was good but a bit like a canteen still food ok. All in all I would recommend this hotel for a short stay as it is in…,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4830-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Hotel.,"This hotel is located approx. 100 meter fron Oxford street, so the location is very good and central. Our room was very small, but there was what you needed, free safty boks, the posibilty to make coffee and tee, hairdryer, and the was cleaned every day, im almost sure that if you pay some more they had bigger rooms for rent, but ask about it. The Breakfast was very good, there was everything you needed, bread, eeg, bacon, sausage. and the staff in the breakfast room did a very good job to please people. The bar at the hotel was average, nothing special, but a good place to drop in before going to the room in the evening.      However, there was no free Wifi at the hotel, not even in the reception, you will have to pay for it, many hotels now have free wifi, at least in the…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brief but enjoyable stay in the old dart,"Stayed in London for two days in between NY and Paris. Had an executive room in St Giles Hotel which was quite ok, plenty of room, comfortable bed, bathroom ok. Good location close to TCR tube station and then Leicester Sq, Covent Gdn, West End Theatres etc. It seems a very busy hotel, so perhaps catching the lift requires a bit of patience but apart from that, all good. If we had a lesser room, our breakfast would have been in the first floor restaurant which had long queues each morning, so be aware of that and eat early!",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small, clean and great location",St giles hotel ticked all our boxes. Yes the rooms are small but our room was clean. The location was incredible everything within walking distance. It was cheap and cheerful.  Reception staff were lovely and concerige was very helpful. We ate out for breakfast so cant give view on it. Overall very happy with stay and will be back again ,None,4.0
4837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, tiny rooms","We loved our stay here.  Yes, the rooms are small, but really... How much time do you spend in it.  We loved it enough to stay on our way into, and out of London. The staff were VERY helpful.  The breakfast was all we needed.  A little busy in there, but again, it was quick and great.  I would recommend to couples looking for a great location and service.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
4838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, small rooms!","This hotel was brilliantly located near Tottenham Court Road Tube. It's a big, buzzy hotel with friendly reception staff and a quick and easy check in process. The room was small, in fact, very small but we didn't go to London for the accomodation. The bed was comfortable although the decor was a tad dated. The shower and toilet facilities were again small but this was of no consquence. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel because the hotel is so close to Oxford Street and the options are plentiful, there was simply no need to stay put. Overall, I would stay here again and I would recommend it to others who were wishing for a budget stay in London where luxury was not on the list of priorities.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4835-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location - great value and fab staff,Spent the weekend here with some girlfriends to celebrate a birthday.  Perfect location.  Staff friendly and helpful.  Rooms not very big but perfectly adequate when you are in London sight seeing and shopping.  Concierge very good.  'Grab and go' for breaksfast is excellent alternatve to breakfast as queues for breakfast were massive.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,short break,"we went to the St Giles hotel for an overnight stay in may2013 the room wasn't ready when we arrived but caused no problem as the concierge willing took our bags for storage  the room was clean comfortable and quiet (on the 8th floor) breakfast room was quite chaotic next morning but was large enough that there was a quick turnover so we had no problem finding a seat  hotel is ideally situated close to the British museum, theatreland and oxford and regents street for shopping which makes it an ideal base for a short trip",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Best location for a short stay in London. So convenient for sightseeing, shopping, underground and with great cafe's, restaurants and bars close by. The staff are friendly and efficient, especially the concierge. Worth including breakfast when you book, it's really good and served until 11 o'clock at weekends. This is a hotel for sleeping and showering in as the rooms are very small and I mean tiny. I was in a single so maybe the doubles are bigger. Absolutely no floor space just room for the bed and a small desk. That said, I was out all the time so it served it's purpose and was clean and the location made up for the size of the room! Could have done with more towels too, one hand towel and another a little larger not sufficient really. These are only minor things so I would…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short Break,"There were 3 of us sharing a room we had more than enough room, the rooms were clean, warm and the beds comfortable. Checking in very easy the staff very helpful and friendly. Ideal location for theater's and at the bottom of the road you have Oxford Street for shopping.  Breakfast time is busy but you do not end up waiting that long and there is something for everybody. Would stay at this hotel again when visiting London.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay between British Museum and Wallace Collection,"Just 2 minutes from Tottenham Court Rd Underground and 5 minutes from British Museum it is a perfect location.  Staff were very friendly and efficient. Checkin was quick and easy.  Room was spotless,the beds comfortable,the view from the 10th floor was spectacular!  Breakfast was a bit of a scramble (600 plus guests)",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4840-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,weekend away,arrived as a group of 13 on 10th may til the sunday only 3 of the rooms were ready so we just put our stuff in the 3 rooms we had and went out for a little while. We had room 375 which was very quiet and away from the lifts. Beds nice and comfy had a twin room. bathroom was fine. Breakfast was good gets very busy first thing we went down after 10 on the saturday morning and no waiting in line but on the sunday we went down at half 9 and there was a line for a cooked breakfast but as soon as 10 came it was dead. great location for going out the the shops and sightseeing,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Those lifts......,"Only stayed one night on business, which was bearable. Friendly staff at check in, great location and room, however my room, although located on the 6th floor it faced the lift lobby area, so each time a lift arrived there was a corresponding ding-dong chime 6 times to announce its arrival. Multiply this by 4 lifts and I was starting to go mad, so was glad to get out in the morning and evening. no suprise that I wore ear plugs that night. Suprised to see that the hotel was single glazed but I at least had a room at the back, away from Holborn and Tottenham Court Road. Breakfast - was manic, the hotel was packed and it felt like everyone was arriving for breakfast at once. No way was I going to join the huge queue for hot food, so made do with juice, cereal and tea and joined the…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for the money - central location.,"I have stayed at this hotel a few times now and have always been very satisfied with my stay. This is a basic hotel, but has everything you need for a city break, and very cheap for such a good location. The hotel is located just off Tottenham Court Road, a couple of minutes from the underground station.   Everytime I've checked in it has been quick and efficient, and every request made has been met. I usually request a quiet room and this has always been obliged. As previously mentioned, the rooms are basic, they do however, have tea and coffee making facilities and a hairdryer.. all I need! Again, I understand that some rooms have newly refurbished bathrooms etc. I have requested one of these each time I've stayed and this request has been met.  I have stayed at this hotel…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good locatgion, average hotel...","My boyfriend and I stayed for one night at this hotel.  Check-in was quick, however we were asked how we would be paying for the room, even though it was already paid for! Reception staff didn't give us any info as to what floor our room was on or where we could get our breakfast. Long queues for the lift meant we used the stairs most of the time.  Our room on the second floor was very small. There was one window, which has the blinds built in. This meant that light couldn't be entirely blocked out, which wasn't great. Noise was also an issue, as we could hear every person who walked down the hallway, which woke us up several times throughout the night. The bathroom was also small, and quite dark; there was one light above the mirror, and the bathroom could really do with…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Youth place,The standard rooms are not worth the money but the suites arerather nice.. Breakfast not worth it... Good place for young people who wantto enjoy London without ruining their purses.. The breakfast I wont take again but what works for me is an amazing gym for just 5 GBP admission... And lots of restaurants around to grap a snack... Good place if you only need a place to sleep.. Take your ear plugs with you by the way ;),Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4845-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Alright no frills,"Stayed here for one night whilst at meetings in London. A little dated and full of tour groups so lifts were busy. Noisy even on the 7th floor and no curtains just blinds. Breakfast was the standard buffet with croissants, yoghurt, fruit, juice and ample tea and coffee.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,would not book here myself,"For a business trip we stayed here one night. It's a very large hotel which is succesful due to the location, not much else. The room was decent but very hot at night. The bathroom was clean but small, and breakfast was a mass affair with not much quality.  There is a very large fitness centre/ swimming pool which you can use for additional charge.  The location is good though, an easy walk to Soho and covenent garden.  I would look though for a different place.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for a basic stay,"2 night stay at St Giles. Been before but this visit seemed a bit more basic than before. The location is great. Out of Tottenham court rd tube station and you are there. Perfect for walking distance wander around the West End. Room was pretty small but clean. We got a good deal so didn't complain. Our deal included buffet breakfast. Food was okay but canteen style and the queue on the weekend were ridiculous. Again good value but 50 deep queue to get food was bizarre. You need better facilities for breakfast St Giles. With that, pretty decent place to stay for a short break. Staff pretty efficient and friendly.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and price,"Really liked this hotel, fab location and price!! My mum and i stayed here with a London train and hotel trip and the location was excellent.  We had a fab time, breakfast could be better but it is a great price.  Walking distance to china town and oxford street :-)",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
4853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small cramped rooms, but this is London...","I was given a single room with space for a single bed. There was no space for luggage at all, except near the window. Which is fine, except there is no walking space between the bed and the window, so I had to climb over the bed if I needed anything from my bag.  There is no question the tiny shower stall is clean as when you soap yourself, you will naturally bump up against the walls, effectively cleaning both yourself and the shower stall. Make sure you cover the toilet seat, as the towel is an arm's length away over the toilet bowl. If you are less than five feet tall, the mirror over the wash basin will be too high for you.  The cramped dressing table has a kettle, coffee cups, hair dryer. A security safe befitting a room of this size, is in the closet that is sized to match…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4850-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,dont bother with breakfast,hotel seems nice on entrance but rooms were small for cost as you have to pay for breakfast and pool on top .if your happy to pay £10 for cereal and bread ok but hot food was cold and horrible. staff were pleasant and location is good,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"A very well located hotel just off Tottenham Court Road and a stones throw from the Dominion Theatre where 'We will rock you' is playing (a fab show).  The rooms are clean, tidy and have all the features you would expect (tea/coffee making facilities, Internet access  - not free though, ironing rooms etc) plus it has a swimming pool and full gym underneath which belongs to the YMCA but can be used for £5 per person per session.  Great value!  There is also a pub attached to the hotel called the Lazy Dog which is very handy and the staff are very friendly.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Basic, practical & cheap","For a central London hotel under £100 this is never going to be luxurious, but the price, location and the ability to use the YMCA gym is a winner.  The rooms are small and dated and without aircon so would be a problem in summer as the location is too noisy to have the windows open. However for a simple stopover in a central location this place is fine.  I didn't bother with breakfast as there was an enormous queue but there is no end of choice on Tottenham Court Road - cafes, pubs and a supermarket if you want to make your own.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Soho Stopover,"We had a show booked at the Soho theatre, so didn't want to be too far away from the action.  We arrived at 2.45ish and checked very smoothly into room 901, which was an 'executive' room. The room was very clean, fresh and the aircon was working perfectly.  The bed was very comfy as was the bathroom (double shower, no bath).  To be fair we didn't spend that much time in the room as we had lots to do, but the two seater leather sofa in the room was a nice touch.  We had views over the city, so it was pretty perfect really.  A small LCD TV and tea/coffee making bits finished it off well.  Executive rooms have breakfast in a separate area downstairs, which may solve some of the issues other reviewers had re crowding etc.  The breakfast was lovely... choice of hot and cold etc, full…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Keep Away fro this Hotel,"I arrived on May 1st 2013 to find a very shabby double roon with no Air Con and a blind built into the window glass. The room was roasting so I opened a window to be confronted with all the traffic noise from Oxford street.  I complained in a very nice way to the girl in reception who said there were no other rooms available. Offering more money I was then upgraded to an executive double room for an extra £40 a night, at this point I quite clearly stated my wife was staying with me in fact she turned up whilst I was paying the upgrade. She was only staying one night whilst I stayed two as I was on business. I mentioned that my wife would be having breakfast with me on one day only and was told that this was okay.  The executive room was a lot better but I would only rate it as…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
4859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4855-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Beakfast Nightmare,"This is a tourist hotel, forget the man in a long coat and top hat who greets you on arrival that’s just for show what really matters is the receptionist who cannot programme your room key which means an unnecessary trip from the third floor to find someone who knows what they are doing. The room is in the lower price bracket for London and it is was very small and airless. The window in the open position allows to much street noise in for any meaningful sleep, the internal fan is even nosier but there is a freestanding desk type fan to move the hot air about. But the real problems start when try and get some breakfast. The room is so badly organized that it took up to fifteen long laborious minuets  to reach the hot food buffet and when you finally got there you wished you…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Thievs operate in this hotel beware!!,"This hotel is old and desperately in need of updating they charge you to use the pool even though you are stayin there !! There is hardly anyone who speaks english there , so it feel like your in a foreign country! Staff are rude and the cleaners especially the men look very shifty, I was worried about leaving valuables in the room especially as the safe did not work properly which I had to get a staff member to come to the room to tell me this ! No offer of changing room!! The breakfast is okay apart from a massive queue which you can wait half an hour to access the buffet breakfast!! Upon leaving the hotel I realised I had left my expensive north face jacket and two t shirts in the wardrobe I phoned them an hour later from heathrowe airport to ask if they could retrieve them…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
4861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap and Cheerful,"Excellent location for West End theatres; value for money and family-friendly.  Not at all luxurious but you're not living here, you're based here while you do everything else on your list.  Plentiful full English breakfast so you save again by not eating much lunch!  Staff is very helpful with special requests.  Seemed to be lots of student groups, which kept the place lively but surprisingly not noisy.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central location, very handy","Stayed at St Giles for 2 nights. Thought room was going to be tiny but had a pleasant side room with seating area and space for changing, etc. Very clean and great location for shows and shops. Can walk to plenty from here and could see tube station from the window. Thought it was pricey but think that's just London for you. Don't buy wine by glass in bar. £15 for two glasses!! Buy a bottle almost same price.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A nice hotel,"Stayed at St Giles numerous times and have enjoyed every stay. There are no accessible rooms but I manage in a double corner room. Parts of the hotel need upgrading but my stays have always been in lovely rooms, comfy beds and nice bathroom. Beautiful breakfasts in the upgraded downstairs restaurant.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4860-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Poorly maintained hotel, needs updating!","I stayed here for one night whilst on business in London. The location is great on Tottenham Court road, about 1 minute walk from the tube and good central location for London, Shops, Theatre, etc. The hotel is in some need of updating, the room was a decent size (on the 10th Floor), the bed was comfy, the room had Air Con. However the rooms feel dated, however was clean and tidy. The bathroom was really poor, there was very poor cold water pressure, that was in fact lukewarm, the shower worked for about 10 seconds and then stopped. The bathroom was tiny and felt very dated. The breakfast was not great, I felt it was a bit like eating in a Prison canteen with the deco. We were told we had to wait for toast as the machine was only just warming up, the choice was not great and the…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just the job,"I recently stayed at the St Giles Hotel while in London for a west-end show.  The hotel has an excellent location for access to all the sight-seeing spots.  The room was a little on the small side but had everything in it necessary and it was clean and fresh.  Hotel staff were efficient and friendly enough without being in your face.  The check-in process was quick and painless.  Breakfast was lovely, full english with all the extras or cereal, boiled eggs, cheeses etc - self service so you can fill your boots.Large hotel but plenty of lifts which were never far away. Despite the central location, due to triple glazing the noise outside was not an issue at all.   Would recommend it.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location,Hotel is an ideal base for  shopping & theatre. Staff are very Friendly and efficient check in staff. Breakfast room bit manic.  Rooms very small. Bathroom tight squeeze but would definitely stay here again..,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,value for money,"Stayed for two nights at the St Giles Hotel during a recent visit to London. Staff were friendly and attentive right from the start. The hotel is situated in an ideal position in central London, within walking distance of many of the theatres in the west end. Our room was clean and bright with en-suite shower and tea and coffee making facilities. We ate in the hotel on the first evening discovering a good choice of reasonably priced meals on offer in two separate areas of the hotel. There are gym and leisure facilities available at the hotel. I can't comment on the quality of these services as we didn't use them during this visit. As a visitor to London if you want information on what and where to visit and how to get there, just ask at the concierge desk. Their knowledge is…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Choice of Central London Hotel,"Even though London is, for me, oId stomping ground I became bogged down with the vast choice of hotels in London city when looking for somewhere to stay which was in a safe area, close to historic London and close to Oxford Street for evening shopping.  I found the St Giles on Tottenham Court Road and the Travel Lodge at Wesminster.  Both had similar amenities and were close enough to everything on my list. However we were three people wanting to share the cost of a triple room and the third bed size in the Travel Lodge made me choose the St. Giles. Upon arrival at the St Giles we were ecstatic with the location. The rooms were standard type with ensuite facilities. kettle, hairdryer etc. Beds were comfortable and the rooms warm.  I heard no street or hotel noise from anywhere…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4865-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal stop over,"Stayed one night, double room, a little on the small size however very clean and all amenities required in the room. Beautiful bathroom with shower over bath. Didn't eat in, breakfast available for £9 which I thought was expensive considering how close to shops and café's. Excellent position in London, within 5 mts walk I was heading down Oxford Street on foot !!!, usual taxis and buses passing and tube 2 minutes away. Would definitely stay if on a shopping trip and not business !! Staff were helpful, pleasant and concierge wonderful. Taxi's outside door. Enjoyed experience",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location But Customer Service Awful,We stayed this weekend at the St Giles Hotel in a twin/triple room which was adequate but decor was tired.  Check in was awful very difficult to understand the receptionist and no infomation about breakfast facilities etc was given.  The hotel is in a very good location close to shops and all the major tourist attractions are with a short walk or bus ride and some good restaurants and cafes.  I know there was a sports club but as no one bothered to tell us about it we did not bother to use it and also there was no free wifi facility.  No curtains in the rooms just some badly fitting blinds that let the light in and the room was very hot and noisy all night.  I would recommend this hotel for a group as it has large areas to meet up and bars etc good price for a hen night etc.  I…,Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location but a long way to go to achieve higher than 3* max.,"Originally booked a double room for 1 person through Booking.com.  However, 3 months later changed this to a twin-bedded room for 2 people, arriving early April for 3 nights.  When we arrived, original booking hadn't been changed.  Rang down to reception who initially agreed that the booking hadn't been amended by the hotel, but said they had no twin bedded rooms! Not true! When I insisted they find one, we were give room 481.  A twin bedded room of reasonable size.  However, I think they must have used a 'cowboy' to put the electrics into this room!  The hairdryer located in top drawer of dressing table had its lead fed through hole in said drawer and then plug went into wardrobe facia, but no matter what you did it just would not connect.  Rang down to request another free…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location but Small Rooms,"We booked this hotel primarily for its location which is something I can't fault it for. It's just off of Oxford Street and is easily accessible by public transport, making it ideal for a bit of sightseeing in the city of London.  Upon arrival at the hotel I was greeted by a member of staff who pointed me in the direction of the reception desks to check in and offered to help me with the bags I was carrying which I thought was nice. The reception area was nice and created a good first impression but unfortunately this didn't follow through to the rooms which were small and not exceptionally clean.  I had wondered if the size of the room was small because I had booked the single room but upon speaking to the rest of the people that I was with, I discovered that their rooms were…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Ideal Location, great service, good value","We stayed at St Giles for 3 nights on our way back from India to Trinidad, in February. Just off Oxford St, this is the ideal location for shopping, City tours, theatre, and also near to most forms of transport. We arrived early but the hotel staff was kind in getting a room for us within an hour. In the interim, we enjoyed breakfast & checked our mail at the hotel's cafe, overooking the lobby.  We got a great room, overlloking Oxford St, and the hotel staff quickly provided us with an extra heater in the living room. Room facilities were quite good. This is great value for a hotel in this location in London. Our highest recommendation to St Giles for anyone staying in London.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4870-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location to move around central London!,"Average hotel, in a very central location.  Breakfast poor, not enough seating not enough food, always running out of stuff. The rooms are generally on the small side, I booked two triple rooms they made the effort to put us opposite  one another.  Although very average the price wasn't that cheap however would stay there again as its very central.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for tourists but not for business,"I stayed here for two nights on business, the hotel has great access from Tottenham Court Road Underground, just 500 yards or so. There are plenty of places to eat nearby and most of the big theatres are in walking distance or a short taxi ride away. There's also a handy Sainsbury for any last bits you may have forgotten and it's located at the end of Oxford Street if you like shopping. If I was staying for a visit to the theatre I'd be quite happy although be aware the rooms are quite small; mine had a double room but I'm not sure how comfortable it would have been for two. Throughout my stay the whole hotel extremely warm and I slept on top of the duvet but it's worth noting that it was the hottest day we'd had for months but without aircon it was stifling. I was staying in…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in the heart of London.,"This is a large busy hotel.  The staff were very polite and helpful.  The room was clean and had all the required for a one night stop over.  I thought it was pretty good value for money.  My only grip was that the lifts are a bit slow, I decided to walk down 4 levels in the end which was ok for me but I'm only 40.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but some issues,"Excellent location for the West End and Oxford Street, we booked a twin room but when we got in it was a double so back to reception which I was pleased about because the room was tiny. However when we went to our room 550 it wasn't much bigger. There are four lifts but these were always busy and max persons 7. The beds were comfortable and we had a good nights sleep but when we arrived for breakfast it was not very good with queue's for food and coffee. On the whole though I think this is normal for London.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location but Tired Rooms,"Really good location at Tottenham Court Road underground.  Easy to get about London on foot and on the tube.  The hotel itself is very busy with not enough lifts to cover the guests.  Queues at breakfast time were horrendous.  Easier to use the stairs if you were on lower floors.  Our room was tiny and very tired.  It was clean but because the furniture was so old everything looked grubby.  The corrider carpet was dangerous, I had a small trip, nothing serious but in a pair of heels I wouldn't fancy my chances.  Would stay again if the rooms were smartened up purely because of the location.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4875-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,poor for london,"I had this displeasure of staying at this hotel, it all very glossy at the front but soon stops from floor one, I was in room 181, this tiny room, had two single beds, a shabby carpet, no air conditioning apart from an electric fan in the cupboard, I tried to plug my phone charger into the socket and this clearly was not going to accept it, The noise from outside is loud in your room, I opened the window and just outside was a dead bird, the size of it must have been a goose, The bathroom is tiny, try a premier inn next time,",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
4880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient,Roof top rooms have great views of London. Always stay here when in London. Last visit not the best as got woken up in the morning by the maintenance team working in the ceiling cavity above my bed and shining a torch through the air con vents. Complained via feedback form and never heard back. Please don't let this put you off as its usually a great place ideally located for the theatre or night in soho.  ,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A really nice hotel, great location, helpful staff. Very happy!","Me and my two friends found St. Giles hotel on this site and decided to take our chances and try it out. We were very pleased with our stay at this hotel.   The location was perfect, really close to Tottenham Court road tube station. Great to have Oxford Street just around the corner from the hotel and there is a great grocery store just next to it called Sainsbury's, which we went to for early snacks when we were on our way out to go shopping. Also just across the street there is a small kiosk which is open 24/7, so if you need anything to drink or snacks and stuff like that (or cigarettes) you can go there. The staff there was lovely as well! :)  The hotel itself is really nice, nicer than we thought actually. The lobby is really big and there are a lot of people working at…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"Very friendly staff, good breakfast, clean, easy to travel around with tube and buses. Comfortable beds, nice environments, walking distance to several theatres and shops. The ""Dominion"" theatre is just in the neighbourhood and the performance ""We will rock you"" (Queen) is excellent.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice,"Service of the hotel was good and facilities as well. Location was great and it was easy to travel with tube from place to place.Short walk to Soho, Covent Garden and to shopping paradise. My room was tiny, but the point of my trip was not the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4880-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Personally i wasn't at the hotel on this visit so i cant comment on rooms cleanliness e.t.c but i can comment second hand on the brilliant service given to mam and my 8 year daughter on their first trip to London!  My daughter came back raving about nice the staff were, her words she got lots of fuss made of her! She especially loved the front door staff opening the taxi doors for her!  My mum said it was the perfect hotel for all locations to see.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Best value for money,"Just stayed 4 nights 5 days in this great hotel. Superbly located for all things West End! If you're looking for standard comfy room for the night the St. Giles offers this and more. Great pillows!! Functional room with tea making facilities, safe, TV, hairdryer, daily house keeping. On arrival reception is busy but well staffed with friendly, capable team. Concierge team below reception professional and always helpful! Added to this as a hotel guest for the cost of £5 you can visit the on site YMCA leisure facility. For this we used the well equipped/staffed gym. Had a swim, sauna and then into the juice bar.  This hotel came in over £250 cheaper than another hotel we stayed in 2 yrs ago for same length of stay. The hotel also has a choice of restaurants. This is a very well…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great location, close to Oxford street and Tottenham court tube station which is what you need for London. So close to all the theatres and plenty of restuarants to try your hand at. Hotel was very central and clean and tidy from what I seen. Breakfast was good enough. Overall allowed for a pleasant stay.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,I stayed here for one night with my partner and the hotel is in a fantastic location right next to the tube although we walked ever where.  Covent garden is a five min walk  away and Oxford Street is around the corner.  We were checked - in in minutes as the hotel has plenty of desks etc.  Our room was on the fifth floor and I could clearly see big ben and the London eye from the window.  Our room was a standard double and they are small although we only needed a base so we didn't mind.  The room was clean and the shower was great - I wanted to take it home!  The room had a TV and coffee and tea etc.  I will say that if you are looking for a quiet break away ask for a room facing away from the street you really are in the center of London so it is very noisy.  We would…,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but clean and comfy,"Stayed three nights in a deluxe twin room, on the 10th floor. The room in itself was quite small and cramped, but there was another small room between the bed and bathroom, with two chairs. The bathroom was clean.  The hotel is located centrally with a short walk to the underground station Tottenham Court Road, where you also can go on walking down Oxford Street.   We had a breakfast voucher that gave us a discount for the breakfast buffet. The buffet was European style, with a few choices for you bread but also hot breakfast and cereal. If you prefer  your Caffe Latte from another place, there is a Starbucks to the left of the entrance to the underground station.   All in all I would recommend staying here if you plan on shopping and travelling in the city center. You can…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4885-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"This hotel is nice and handy for many things, but it is far from the best. The room was more than a tad small, akin to a cupboard so not for people who like elbow room. Another quirky thing was lots of tea and coffee makings but no spoon, can't trust the guest with spoons. On the other hand the staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast, not so good made a canteen look quite, and the food tasted no a lot, pre cooked toast left for an hour or so, really Giles you need to do better. All in all stay here if you have to, if you don't, don't.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst London hotel so far,"I am used to London hotels being poor value for money - but this was the worst I have stayed in to date.  The room was cramped, dirty and thoroughly depressing with barely space for both myself and my luggage in it at the same time.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
4891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel,"The hotel is in a great location, close to Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube station.  I did have a couple of issues with my booking.  I originally booked an Executive Suite for 1 night, on arrival we were told our room was not ready, so we waited in the coffee lounge until 2pm, which was not a problem.  When I went to get our room key I was asked by the receptionist if the room that was on the booking in slip was a room that I has specifically asked for, I said no, so she scribbled out that room number, allocated us a room and gave us room 767!?  When we got to the room I thought that it was a bit on the small side, so I called reception and asked if we had been allocated the right room, I was told that they did not have any executive suite's available and that this…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A room with a view,"Great location in the heart of London and just around the corner from Tottenham Court station. Wonderful view from the tenth floor. A little room but with all you need, good bed, fresh air, telly, own ensuite, jug for tea and coffee. Warm, clean and comfortable and excellent price for the heart of London. The YMCA sports and leisure complex downstairs is an excellent facility that you get to use for a low price as a hotel guest. Good way to work out some jet lag if you're into that sort of thing.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent price and location, minuscule room, noisy hotel","The hotel is superbly located, within walking distance of an array of attractions and the Tottenham Court tube station. The breakfast is a very very very basic cafeteria style affair and the hotel is busy and noisy. Nonetheless, the small rooms are clean and well-equipped and the check-in process swift and seamless. It is perfect for trips where staying in the room is not a big part of it.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
4894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4890-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short Break,"Stayed 2 nights at this hotel.....excellent location, 10 min bus journey from Kings Cross Station, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Oxford Street all within walking distance and Tottenham Court tube station just round the corner. We were greeted by the Concierge at the entrance. Had to queue to check-in, but it was very quick and the staff friendly and efficient, however, we found our room to be very small, grubby and dark, hardly any where to put our clothes. Bathroom was tiny, no bath only shower cubicle & nowhere to put toiletries. I returned to reception to ask for a bigger room - I was told that all the rooms were compact, but allocated another one that had a bigger bathroom and bedroom was laid out slightly differently. The second room was slightly bigger, bathroom much…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st. Giles Hotel London - shoppingtrip,"I´ve been at this hotel every summer for 4-5 years now, and i love the location - and the rooms are fine, a bit small, but - it´s London :) If you are a light sleeper, maybe its best to get a room not facing the road, it has´nt bother me, but maybe it would if you are a light sleeper.   The hotel is clean, the staff are nice and the best is the location, we usually walk everywhere from here, so it´s perfect for a shoppingtrip with girlfriends.   The breakfast is fine, instead of cont. breakfast, we had coffee2GO last year, and that was also fine, you get a choice of coffee, a bread and some fruit, perfect to take with you out.  We are going back in july this year.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
4896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Last minute Easter break, would not go back","I booked this hotel for a last minute Easter break for myself and my teenage son as our usual hotel, Travelodge Covent Garden could not accommodate us.  Location is good - about 8 mins walk to Leicester Square and literally around the corner from Oxford Street and a couple of main stream restaurants (Cafe Rouge and I think Garfunkels) but unfortunately that's where the positives end.  Having said that, the service on the most part from the staff was great.  Check in was swift and although we arrived early, we were able to access our room, leave our luggage and head off for our first day of sightseeing.  The room though, left a lot to be desired.  We found ourselves on the top floor, only accessible by an extra lift.  The carpets were pretty grim/dirty and the bathroom with no…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,We keep coming back,"We keep coming back to this place. The location is unbeatable and mostly you can find a good deal, especially when booking well in advance. Check in was smooth, rooms the ordinary small size ones. Pleasant was that bathroom had been refurbished. But they really should do something about the rooms soon, they are getting really tired...",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK for a couple of nights,"Stayed for 2 nights in March on business.  Excellent location, just by the junction of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road, and very close to the underground.  Double room was nice and clean but quite small and very dark thanks to the one small window facing onto a wall.  The bathroom was small (shower rather than a bath) but it was very clean.  Breakfast was a bit of a free for all - typical self service buffet of average quality.  Seating area more like a school cafe than a hotel restaurant.  There were lots of overseas school groups staying there which meant you could have long waits for the lifts in the morning as they were very busy.  Definitely more of a business/school group trip hotel than a romantic get away.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4895-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worse than average for a faceless London overnight stay,"Was struggling to find somewhere to stay at short notice and found St Giles with what looked like a great Gym downstairs - happy days.  Disappointingly slow checkin, dark corridors, dingy room with very poor lighting - space is a premium in London but this was properly small. The hotel needs a total revamp. At least put nice sheets and pillows on the bed...",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good central hotel,"stayed here twice,already booked another 2. we stop here because its very close to all the theatres, oxford street, etc. yes the rooms are small, but,hey,all we want to do sleep,take a shower,make a cup of tea, etc,and when we come back from a show go in the bar and have a drink before bed, weve always had a room on the back, which is quiet,i don""t know about the front, but the rooms are very clean and the staff are very polite. it is also within our price range,which is hard to find in that area,on each floor against the lifts is a vending machine were you can get ,water/beer/chocolate etc",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tight  Spot,"I stayed for one night at the St. Giles Hotel.  It had been a miserably cold day, so I was glad to be tucking up in my hotel.  I didn't use any of the leisure facilities on offer.  As to accommodation, admittedly, it was a single room and I had no great expectations. But I have to marvel at how they can squeeze a room into such a tight space.  However, the real trick was to put the handbasin into the shower.  In fact the ""bathroom"" was so small that there was no room for a door and to the extend that you might want privacy which, admittedly doesn't really arise in a single room, there was a curtain just beside the petite toilet bowl.  I considered taking a shower but I just couldn't see how one could do so without banging some important bits off the edge of the handbasin or how…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location,  rooms in need of maintenance and upgrade, cold shower","Stayed here on business for one night. Ideal location. Room was basic which is ok but beds were very hard and uncomfortable with worn out, bobbled quilt covers. Bathroom sink was cracked and shower was cold. Breakfast was like feeding the 5000, long queues and table sharing just to get a seat. Was disappointed in this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,complaint - would not go here again,"this hotel charged me twice for the room, deducted from credit card then informed me at desk my card declined(which it didn't) , made me pay cash on arrival. have proof I paid twice and still have not received my cash payment refund and have had unsatisfactory response from the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
4904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4900-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Gem of a hotel in centre of London,"I've stayed here several times for business and leisure.  Prices are mid-range for hotels in London, but you know you'll get a clean room (some rooms can be a tight squeeze) and it's in a good central location.  There are load of cafes, bars, restaurants and supermarkets within 5-10 mins walk.  I didn't find the breakfast very good value, so I go to All Bar One, round the corner on New Oxford Street.  The British Museum is a short walk away and the Dominion Theatre is round the corner.  This is one of my 'go-to' hotels in London when travelling to/from Euston train station.    On my last trip, I was upgraded to an executive room on the 9th floor, which had fantastic views over London.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel,"Very Nice Hotel, very large, great location, good service, good food, the restaurant is always crowded for breakfast & you stay in long queue, sometimes elevators also are busy, but overall it's  a nice stay for shopping, night life & bars.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
4906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Good central place,"The hotel is good for theatres, which most are about 20 mins walk away.Oxford Street is just a couple minutes away. Many restaurants nearby. We found the room we had was smallish but had everything we needed. A good tv, tea & coffee making ,a  bathroom with a good shower  which didn't want to fall to pieces while using it. Breakfast is a bit of an expensive let down and haphazard canteen style layout and very ify coffee (the coffe was ok but the milk) . Although there is a very good small coffee shop in the hotel (run separately). The receipt area is nicley done out. We found the staff on the receiption helpfull and also being able to leave our luggage in their secure room untill our departure",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,location location location,"location location location Very nice location for london buisness or play. in walking distance from the nigthlife  , restaurants shops and almost everything. Small rooms but the stay was good. Was upgreated too executive room but dit not find any extra space :-)",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
4908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Location is great for theatres, shopping, piccadily circus etc.  Sainsbury and Boots around the corner.  Nice restaurants and bars near by. Hotel is very busy and large. Would not bother with the breakfasat again, its a bit canteenish, nothing in order, staff not at all happy, they look very fed up first thing in the morning!!  Room very very small, never stayed in such a small room, very small window with not a good outlook that was on 4th floor.  However, for one night it was ok.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4905-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and value for money,"The St. Giles Hotel is a good 3-star hotel, very large, but helpful staff and in a prime location. You are certainly in a noisy part of London right by Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street. However, it is possible to walk to almost all the main London attractions as Trafalgar Square, Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace are 15-30 minutes away. The breakfast at this hotel was quite good, and their other restaurant options were reasonable. If you are not a fan of large hotels, then find somewhere else, as there are a lot of rooms that are literally right next to each other. The walls are thin, but besides that the accommodations are very comfortable. If you are looking for a budget spot right by The British Museum and Oxford St, then the St. Giles is for you",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location - bad staff,"The hotel is in the best location you can find in the city. Everything is near -  oxford street, tube station, a supermarket, primark,  Dominion Theatre (the musical ""We Will Rock You"" plays there). The problem is that the rooms are very very  small, the staff is not friandly and you fill there not very welcome.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"location, location, location","Being a frequent visitor to London, I`ve stayed in many hotels. St. Giles is certainly not the best but if you want a central, inexpensive (relatively), you won`t find a better one. The rooms are quite small but clean, has a kettle and coffee/tea. Breakfast can easily be omitted as there is a Sainsbury`s just across rhe street and while the water is boiling in the kettle you can get a sandwich or a yogurt to start your day. For the shoppers there`s a Primark across the street for CHEAP clothes. And the most important to me it`s an easy walk to all the west end theatres.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Again an average OK,"Stayed again here during Easter-break. The (absence) of lifts  still are a nuisance,try to stay on a low floor so you can avoid the lifts and use the stairs ! In fact this is a touristfactory in a ugly concrete building.  Rooms are small, impossible to place two suitcases in the  room. But it's the location that counts, in the middle on the citycentre, near Tottenham Courtroad subway, on walking distance to SoHo and Theatre district. Enjoy the location and forget the rest.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,tiny tiny rooms,"Finding rooms in London mid week for less than £100 is a challenge so when you do find one at £75, expectations are not high! In fairness, for £75 for one night, this hotel is about passable although had it been any more expensive, my 3 star rating would have quickly became 2 stars.  the plus side: - rooms are clean - reception is friendly and check in was effecienct - on site Chineses restaurant is nice although portions are quite small  - the beds are quite comfy (I like a soft bed and that's what i got). Bedding was in a good condition.  the down side: - the rooms are tiny! The room was just about wider than my outstretched arms - literally - so pack light and don't spend too long here.  - continuing on the tiny theme, you step straight from the bedroom into the shower. There…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4910-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cold Room,"Just spent 3 nights at St Giles, this is the 5th time my wife and myself have stopped in this Hotel, previously we have had one bad experience where we were given a room at the side of a lift. This visit though will be our last to this hotel, we booked an executive room, the room itsellf was ""not bad"" in fair condition and large enough the problem was it was FREEZING when I phoned reception they said they would send someone to look at the air conditioning unit, 15 minutes later a maid turned up with a small heater plugged it in and left. We then spent 3 sleepless nights due to the constant noises the air conditining unit gave out even when it was turned off. The Breakfast experience on a Monday due to the resturant being closed is nothing short of a ""cattle market"" people…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel London,"Stayed at St Giles overnight 23/03/13 on an all inclusive theatre break weekend. Location was excellent. Straight out of the tube,&  across the road opposite the theatre showing We Will rock You (forgot name), then hotel was just the next but one street along, literally approx 5 min walk from the tube. The check in was efficient, the room adequate for an overnight stay, free safe in wardrobe, hand wash & shower gel provided if needed, the beds were so comfy. We stayed in room 430 near the lifts, little noise during late evening but guests returning after evening out like us so wasn't too bothered. There is a small café upstairs serving coffee sandwiches etc, very reasonable prices, for hotel, we had an all you can eat breakfast buffet before check out on Sunday, priced at approx…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good but very simple budget hotel,"Well, if you pay yourself for your business trip accommodation and you want to do quick shopping in London at the same time, this is definitely the hotel to stay at. I stayed there two nights in December and I loved the location as this is JUST on the Oxford street with all the shops and bars where you can really enjoy shopping and quick, nice food after you attended a business meeting or a conference. The hotel is also very close to the tube station. I did enjoy it and felt really safe and close to everywhere. The reception and concierge was nice and helpful. Now, do not expect too much in terms of design or space. In fact, my room was so tiny that I could hardly manage with my shopping bags:-) But on the other hand that was the cheapest accommodation in that perfect location…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location! Okay Hotel for the price,"This hotel has a lot of horror stories attached to it, and I was scared when I booked it. I think if you are expecting a top notch, amazing hotel, this is not the one for you. However, if you are a traveler on a budget who is mostly concerned with location, this is your hotel!  This St.Giles is very no-frills, the rooms are very 80s, and of course it's Europe so the rooms are small (although I've seen smaller), but you are in the heart of SoHo, a short walk from Trafalgar Square, and situated right next to a big Tube station, a Starbucks, and tons of shops and restaurants.  It does the job! Also, the Concierge was very helpful, and we were able to check in immediately upon arrival at 10AM!",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base for tourists,"My daughter and I stayed at the St Giles for 3 nights, and were more than happy with it. Our room was pretty spacious for central London, and very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was small but didn't feel cramped. Unlike some previous reviewers, we had no problems with noise, which was odd as we were in a room near to the lifts. Check-in was quick and easy, and all the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. We didn't have the breakfast, so I can't comment, but it certainly smelled good.  This hotel really is ideally suited to anyone wanting to visit the West End, and I would be more than happy to stay here again. Incidentally, we managed to get a better room rate by following a link on the hotel's Facebook page (an extra 10% off the lowest price available).",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4915-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not an inch wasted in the design of this place,"First all the pluses.  Ideal for tourists/sightseeing.  China Town, Soho, British Museum virtually on doorstep.  Clean and bed comfortable.  But....  It reminded me of a factory with the efficient checking ln; the design that ensures that not an inch is wasted; you can just about move around in the room but keep your eyes open; it's a place for processing guests; a place to rest your head but not relax.  I had to leave early in the morning and the water in the shower remained cold which was not a good start to the day.  I think overall that it cost more than it was worth.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful,"Stayed at the hotel for one night on a business trip. My first room was on the twelfth floor, the corridor was shabby, the room freezing cold and the room stark with a shabby carpet , no curtains and a very small bathroom with no heating. After being promised a heater and waiting one hour for it I gave up, packed up and went to reception to request another room. They initially told me the hotel was full, but then found another room? This was on the 8 th floor. It was better, but noisy I could hear EVERYTHING taking place in the bathroom next door and the windows are not very soundproof so the noise from outside was a problem. The room was exceptionally clean but that's the only good point about the hotel apart from the location. The standard of the first room wasn't even up to 2…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"My girlfriend and I arrived at different times and consequently got separate electronic keys but only one was allowed to be active, which was a bit off putting and would of been a problem if we had been going to different places and different times, which wasn't a great start for us. The hotel itself is in a good location just around the corner from Tottenham Court Road tube station and the British Museum. Unfortunately the room I stayed on the 4th floor was compact although although we are of average height and build would of struggled in the small bathroom and shower if we were of a bigger build. The bathroom had only one bath towel and hand towel for a double room and 2 of us. I called Housekeeping and got an answerphone message to say their opening hours and to call the…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value Hotel,"Stayed at The St. Giles Hotel on a one night Theatre break. The reception team are very polite. Rooms are small but clean with Tea and Coffee facilities, the beds are comfortable, and the Bathroom is small but functional. It was a very cold evening but the room was warm, in fact too warm at the beginning, but heating was easy to adjust. We didn't experience any noise as the room looked out over a side street. We would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel London,"Very good location, central London, near Soho and Oxford Street - this is the best point. Nice room, clean and very comfortable, good beds, good shower. Not enough elevators (and quite slow). Stressful breakfast in a big space, overwhelmed staff, running around.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4920-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Super value for central London.,"This is our third visit to the St Giles hotel just off Tottenham Court Rd .The team are polite are efficient the hotel is clean. The rooms whilst not being massive are comfy clean warm with tea coffee facilities extra pillows , and we were given a small suite on this visit which meant we had a sitting room ,fridge , two tvs , hairdryer , and a seperate bedroom. Im sure there are many more upmarket hotels in London but if you want a great location you can walk to Leicester Square in 10 minutes and be on the central line tube in 2 minutes then this is the best value well run base for great 1 or 2 night weekend breaks .We will use this hotel again definitely.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Almost average,"As a family get together this hotel was booked for me so it was a matter of put up and shut up.  The rooms are small but acceptable what wasn't was that it was really really cold.  The radiator or at least the bit of folded tin under the dressing table was barely tepid even with the 6"" of snow outside.  Eventually we were offered a portable heater but heater but it was too late.   The bed had broken springs all over it; so was actually painful to sleep on.  The bar prices are what I expect for the centre of London we didn't eat there as just outside the door is a much better choice on offer.  I would not use this hotel again would rather spend half the amount on rooms at a travelodge outside the centre and travel in on the tube.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, small rooms ...not enough lifts!","We stay here regularly. the location is great, the staff are friendly (for London!). The rooms are always clean, although very small.   We always stay in the executive rooms, they have more space and a seperate breakfast room that doesnt become feeding time at the zoo!   Biggest problem is the lifts, there isnt nearly enough and you can end up waiting 5 + minutes at busy times.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location...Tiny Rooms,"The hotel is in a great location in central London , a few minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. The check in staff were polite and efficient and my keys were in my hands within two minutes. My room on 3rd floor was reached after an horrendously long wait for lifts that only accommodate 6 people at a time and there always appears to be a queue of about 20 waiting but stairs are available.. My room was the smallest I have ever stayed in with a single bed tucked into one corner. The room has all things you need, TV, Safe, Coffee making facility and a tiny en suite bathroom with shower cubicle. It felt very claustrophobic and I thought I would never sleep. The bar and facilities are good value and comfortable as are the restaurants, although step outside and…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate accommodation,"My husband and I just returned from this hotel. Not much to add from other reviews. Rooms are very small, bad pillows and just a Venetian blind at window that let in light early morning. Very odd heating system, convector heaters that are under the dressing table. Ours was not working and as it was freezing weather we had to ask for electric heater that was promptly supplied. Breakfast was ok, we were on inclusive deal with Superbreaks. Highly recommend these for UK visitors.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4925-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value and location,Just returned from this hotel. I was worried about staying here with my family after reading the reviews I have to say we had a great time.  The location is great. You can almost walk anywhere. Yes its a budget hotel but all we wanted was a bed and breakfast and great location and thats what you get ,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London on a budget.,By far the cheapest hotel in this area and bearing that in mind I had no complaints. Easy check in and out in lovely reception. Pleasant staff. Clean comfortable room.Cheap and cheery.Excellent location near Oxford st.,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Low quality,"- Very small room (No place for the luggages) - Low quality of the breakfast (industrial food without savor) - Very noisy breakfast room. + Near City Center + Near bus and metro. + Near commodities ( restaurant, food shop, ...) + In london",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Money down d drain,"I spent 7 nights in this hotel. The only advantage of this hotel is being very near Oxford street. Single rooms are tiny and if you are a bit above average do not think of having a shower in the mini bathroom or washing your hands in the wash hand basin. Breakfast was very basis and semi frozen. Imagine eating ice cold hard eggs and croissant. Even the bread rolls were cold and only 1 type. No brown bread was available and not even toasted bread. The coffee machine was out of order for 2 days. The breakfast room has no central heating, imagine having breakfast in a -2 temperature with no heating. Even rooms are kept on minimum heating.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Premier inn is much better,"What a pity this hotel doesn't get it's act together. Reception looks great but as soon as you get out of the gloomy lifts it all goes down hill. The corridors are narrow, very tattily carpeted and gloomy. The feel of the place is very 70's and out of date. Then you open the door to the room. It's so small with nowhere to put anything. No seating area, awful artex wall covering and a tiny bathroom with very very basic low budget toiletries. The shower is tiny. I would definitely not stay here again given the comparisons that are available. I just thought I would give it a try but you win some you lose some. Don't be a loser an stay somewhere else for similar budget. ",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4930-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great price, great location","Have stayed at this hotel several times & have never been disappointed. This hotel is within walking distance of all major attractions & is perfect for seeing a show. Yes it's a little noisy at night, you are in the centre of London! If you want peace & quiet go stay in the country! Breakfast good, great selection of something for everyone. Everything you need in room & comfy beds. All staff friendly & efficient. ",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent position, helpful staff.","We stayed here in February for 2 nights and were a little apprehensive having read some of the reviews, but we needn't have worried. It is a large hotel with a coffee shop and two or three restaurants and bars, as the weather was so poor we chose to eat in at night; the first evening we sampled the Italian option and the following night after seeing War Horse and arriving back about 9.30pm we had Thai/Chinese, both meals were very adequate. Breakfast was busy even though we had delayed going down till after 9am, There was plenty of choice for continental and cooked food.  Our bedroom was on the 3rd floor at the front, it was small but had everything we needed. It was clean and comfortable with a compact bathroom. We weren't disturbed by traffic noise. It's situation is so good…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel!,"Me and a friend stayed here for 3 nights a couple of weeks ago from a Thursday to a Sunday. This hotel was in a perfect location. You are literally on Oxford Street, right next to a Sainsbury's and seconds away from Tottenham Court Road Station. I can't fault the location at all it was spot on for everything we wanted to do. The reception staff were very welcoming and lovely when we checked in. I was a bit worried about the room size because I had seen some negative comments about them on here but I didn't need to be. We were on the sixth floor and the room was definitely big enough for two girls and all their luggage! The room was very clean, there's a hairdryer, kettle, mugs, safe, extra pillows and towels. The bathroom looks amazing! The window looked right out onto Tottenham…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hugely disappointing....,"I felt this should be a good choice given other reviews but I was incredibly disappointed by my stay....thankfully it was only one night!  The room was no more than a box, far too hot and when I asked reception where to find the hairdryer I was told ""haven't you looked under the dressing table madam""? Why would I have done that???? Huge disappointment and couldn't wait to leave.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very helpful assistant manager and staff,"I've stayed at the St Giles many times and have always found it adequate. This time I was particularly struck by the helpfulness of the staff, in particular the assistant manager, Mark. Early in the morning (4.30am), a street person with a boom box started to blast the area with his music (as he apparently does this fairly regularly, despite intervention by the police). Unable to sleep, I actually went outside to ask him to quieten down, but it was quickly clear that I wasn't getting through.  When I reported this problem to the hotel, Mark, the assistant manager on duty, apologized for the nuisance, said that they'd call the police and immediately offered me a different room (he had experienced this unsought entertainment himself). He couldn't have been more courteous,…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4935-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"In the main, very good","We stayed 2 nights on a B&B basis at the St Gile's Hotel (March 15th / 16th 2013) as we were going to see a couple of shows in London.   Check in was remarkably easy with friendly, efficient staff.  We had room 302 which was right at the end of a corridor overlooking a side street. As we got off the lift we were met with drilling, hammering and lots of other building work noise as there is internal renovation work taking place at present (which we weren't advised of when I booked).  However, it was Friday afternoon and the builders had finished and left before 5.00 so peace returned!  Our room was very well situated - we had no noise from people walking back and forth to their rooms or chattering in the corridors and the noise from the side street was minimal.  The room was…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Silver wedding trip,Our children Adam n Kirsty booked this as a surprise theatre break hotel was perfect situated near Tottenham court road tube station and close to Oxford street .iIt was clean staff friendly room a little small for an executive room view over roof tops of London was fab could of been better if weather was nicer.Breakfast was nice but would of been better if it was a buffet and free use of pool would be nice .,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
4941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for sightseeing.,"My wife and I stayed at St. Giles hotel for two nights of St. Patrick's weekend( Fri & Sat ). It's location is spot on and so easy to reach from Heathrow airport via underground tube. Take Piccadilly line to Leicester Square and change to Northern line for Tottenham Court road.  The hotel is about 100metres from exit. The hotel is a large and very busy.  The reception staff were very efficient and friendly. We  arrived before check-in time but our room, on the 3rd floor, was ready for us. Our room was to the side of the hotel so there was very little road traffic noise. The room was clean but quite small, and it contained a safe and also tea and coffee making facility. The shower could have been doing with some maintenance to improve water flow and the cold water tap in the sink…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bed Bugs beware,Stayed in hotel last weekend - staff very helpful and a brilliant location.  Breakfast great although it was like queuing in a canteen to get fed.  The only problem is that all four of us came home with bed bug bites so I would advise you to check out your mattress first,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Stayed here for one night on a business trip. The first room I was given was so small that I could hardly turn around in it. I was given a bigger room on request. The second room was better but still cosy. The restaurant facilities were okay but the breakfast was disappointing. The 'nominal fee' to use the pool/gym was £5 - it would have been cheaper to use the nearby public facilities. YMCA facilities were good, but the hotel just looked run down.  It was noisy and I was woken up by what seemed to be noise coming from students accommodation opposite - 4 til 4.30am. I wouldn't go back.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4940-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a quality budget sight seeing hotel,"We stayed at St Giles for one night whilst having a girls weekend in London and it ticked all the boxes for us: perfect location for central London, very clean rooms with all you could expect at that price and a sound cooked buffet breakfast. It was a very busy hotel, but felt right for the central location in London. Staff were friendly and welcoming. We couldn't have wanted more. Can't comment on the pool/ leisure facilities as didn't experience them.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location brilliant the hotel awful,"What a great location to the st Gilles , but the room the service was awful  I had a room overlooking the main road so forget opening the window because of the noise  The wood paneling and lack of light made this a dark and awful place to stay  Which is a shame as where it is a great place to shop and get around London  Don't like slamming hotels but this is one that I will not be going back to ever",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
4946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"Title says it all, the location is great, at the bottom of Oxford Street just a 1minute walk from Tottnomcourt road (were the show ""We Will Rock You"" to performed) right on the tube line, I've stayed here 3times and the staff have always been friendly, the rooms are just what you need, clean and somewhere to sleep comfortably at night, a few minutes from Soho, the rate for a night is about £100 pound which I think is great considering your right on Oxford Street and on the tube lines, my only one issue is that the buffet breakfast is £9.90 per person if you don't book when booking your room, and your not given a option to buy it for the nights your staying when you check in... And I don't remember it being a very obvious option when booking online either (but I could be wrong…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very poor hotel with rude and unhelpful staff,the receptionist knocked on my room at 23:30 pm and then walked in whilst i was in bed with my wife. i had to tell him to het out 4 times before he did. i then put some clothes on and sewage was pouring out the toilet and backed up out the shower flooding the floor in sewage. we were moved to a room that stunk of smoke then 3rd time this now at half midnight a decent room. i would never stay again this must have happened before as the carpets are stained from it. seriously avoid its a health hazard. ,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad for London,Went here for two nights. Room small but fine for sleeping in. Good location for shops and tube. Breakfast was all a bit chaotic but adequate and plenty of it. All in all fine and reasonably priced for a London hotel.,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4945-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, poor service, nothing special","I stayed here Monday to Friday on a course in London my work chose the hotel for me. I arrived late on Sunday and was immediately met with lots of noisy European teenagers, I think as this hotel is inexpensive it's a favourite of school trips. At breakfast and every evening the place was littered with noisy teens. There is a concierge desk but on check in and out there was no assistance offered to help carry heavy suitcases up the steps to reception. The reception staff were helpful but I get the impression they are understaffed as there was often a long queue at the desk. I was given a room with 2 single beds, it smelled smokey so I rang reception from the room and asked for a room swap and a double if possible. The reception were very obliging and told me to wait on the 4 th…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but noisy and rooms are small","Stayed one night last night on business.  The reception staff are very helpful and friendly, check in was very quick.  The lifts are very slow and the stairs are like walking through a car park staircase, not very plesant.   The rooms and beds are very small, not just my room, my collegue reported the same.  the beds are more like small doubles and really only good for one person. The rooms seem to smell of old smoke and I wonder if the hotel has not been redecorated since the non smoking laws were introduced. However, rooms are clean with tea/coffee facilties, hair dryer, tv, wifi etc. Lighting in the rooms is terrible, provided by lamps that all need to be switched off seperately. The blinds in the rooms are also not great as they don't block out the light very well, this…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"nice, clean, really convenient.","I have been in this htl many times and i have always found a warm welcome, clean en suite rooms, a very good restaurant and pleasant and helpful staff. I happened to go to the gym and it was  amazing. The concierge staff are always ready to help you and give you smart tips if you need to plan a visit or a day of shopping nearby.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
4952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,wygyrs,"The only advantages of this hotel are localization and nice staff. Rooms are small, bathrooms smaller, lifts slow. So if you do not have huge expectations, you do not want to buy oyster card that is a place for you, although price/quality ratio is not best.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A good overnight stay,"Bit worried after reading some reviews on this hotel that we would be staying somewhere not very nice but we were pleasantly surprised. This this was probably helped by the fact that we almost literally only slept in our room ( and had a good nights sleep ). I have never stayed in such a small and compact room but it met our needs well. It was all very clean, had everything we needed for a nights stay , was warm and comfy. The room had a tv, small chair, coffee and tea making facilities and a compact and adequate shower room.Dont think the room would have worked if we had wanted to do work , or just chill out as it really was quite small!!!!! All the staff we met were helpful and friendly. We enjoyed a pre theatre drink in the Lazy Dog bar which was pleasant. THE VERY BEST thing…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4950-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location! I will come back...,"Located close to Oxford street and Covent garden, it's the perfect hotel to stay at if you want to go shopping or see some musicals. No need for an oyster card if you stay at this hotel. Small rooms, but you don't need anything else than a bed while staying in London. Good value and very friendly staff! Clean and modern rooms. Walls aren't exactly sound proof, but it was ok. I would most certainly go back to St Giles!",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location but give 'The Lazy Dog' a miss!,"We have just stayed two nights in the hotel in a standard double room. The room was small and could have been cleaned to a higher standard (eg dust and sweet papers at back of bedside table). We found the hotel staff pleasant and helpful but a visit to The Lazy Dog put us off ever returning to the hotel. The staff there were rude and the food overpriced. They got our order wrong and then tried to blame us! On a brighter note, the concierge desk were helpful and efficient and the breakfast was plentiful. The location was excellent, within walking distance of the shops, theatres etc.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,HANDY FOR THE SHOPS !,This hotel very close to Oxford Street and the underground. It was a bit like a rabbit warren the room it's self was a bit besu but don't take the cat because you would be unable to swing it around the bathroom ( only joking for all cat lovers) We found all the staff very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was a bit of a bun fight when everyone seemed to pick the same time for dining.All in all ok for a weekend break.,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, warm & brilliant location","All you need from a hotel! yes the rooms were small but they were clean,warm and quiet (requested - as from reading previous reviews). Didnt get chance to go to the restaurant but the menu looked good! Excellent location for shopping and not far on the tube to get to the main attractions! Also cheap for london at £80 per night.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"We stayed in a 'standard' double room for 2 nights on the noisy side of the hotel which overlooks the nearby theatre.  While the location is good, there was a great deal of noise from the street below.  Having done many city breaks, we don't have a problem with small rooms - but this was extra small and should really have been a single room.  Neither of the two receptionists we dealt with were able to raise a smile and could benefit from some customer service skills - unlike the porter who followed us out and happily carried out bags into the taxi.  We also believe that customers paying for their rooms should not be charged for Wi-fi.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4955-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, Nice Hotel","The hotel is located only 1 min walk from Tottenham Court Road tube so is really easy to get to.  The location is excellent for theatreland / Chinatown / shopping etc.  I stayed one night for business and would be more than happy to go back.  The Rooftop floor rooms have a really nice view out over the city and, although mine wasn't huge, it was certainly fine for a night.  There are a number of restaurants within the hotel and the executive breakfast is cooked to order - but could mean waiting.  Staff were all nice.  Very good value for central London.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location. Small Rooms,"Stayed here for three nights, hotel was situated in great location for exploring soho. and the main shopping district. Rooms were small but had everything you would need. Bathrooms were also small with a small shower, they didn't supply shower gell. One thing I really didn't like was that the maids in the morning entered the rooms even with the Do Not Disturn sign up. Didn't like this at all. Check out was at 11, 12 would have been at a better time.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","This is a nice hotel close to attractions like British museum and Oxford street. It is also a short walk to Covent Garden where nice shops and narrow streets enhances the atmosphere. Soho wit it's restaurants and bars is also just a walk away from the hotel. We stayed there for four days. We did not use the Tube once. The staff is friendly and the room is small, but clean.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Life saver,"Great hotel, friendly service, small cozy single room, metres from tube station. Spotless bathroom with decent pressure shower. Breakfast included.  (after a nightmare experience at the Britannia, escaped here to st Giles for a relaxing 2nd night in London)",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worth breaking my own rule for!,"When I started writing reports for Trip Advisor, I made a rule that I would only write one report for every hotel in which I stayed.  The alternative was to write, effectively, the same thing again, and that would be boring and that would never do!  So what has made me break my rule?  Well, since it is my default hotel when I stay in London, I stayed there again recently.  Whilst I was there, I thought to myself ""At a time when people are cutting corners and cutting costs, this hotel really is worth a second report, as it is has been consistently up to the same standard"".  This time, although I had booked a standard room (cleverly designed just to fit two adults!), for some reason I was allocated a deluxe room.  I must say, I appreciated the extra space!  No, it is not the Ritz…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4960-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We have just spent 3 nights at the St Giles hotel after reading reviews about room size we booked a deluxe double room. We were given a quiet room on the 7th floor with a small bedroom but a seperate lounge/dressing area and bathroom with a shower. Everything was clean in our room and all the public areas, staff pleasant and helpful, good breakfast plenty of variety. Excellant location and would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"Stayed overnight with breakfast included at this hotel. Rooms are small, but very clean and comfortable. Breakfast was buffet style with plenty of choice to suit all tastes. Location is excellent. Close to tube station and just around the corner from Oxford Street. Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Small room, big location!","The St Giles hotel is located in the heart of the City, barely 3 minutes walk from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road tube station. The reception looks very grand, almost like a hotel in Paris or Manhattan. Unfortunately the rooms are not so grandiose! Ours was very small, with only a queen size double bed and an equally small bathroom. However the bed was very comfortable and the room was always spotlessly clean. A proper dressing table and mirror was provided, as was satelitte TV and tea/coffee making facilities. However there was no blackout blind or curtain so the room will be very bright in the summer mornings. No air conditioning was provided either, but there was a large table fan in our wardrobe, suggesting there may have been past complaints about the temperature of…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice for a Short stay in London,"I've stayed at St. Giles for one night and I've paid around 120€ (including breakfast). The Hotel is very well located, very close to Tottenham Court Road station and to Central London. The rooms were quiet small, but clean and the breakfast was decent (maybe decent minus). The one think I disliked was that the Wi-Fi was payed.  Nevertheless I think it is a good option if you look for a well located inexpensive Hotel in London. In my opinion since the rooms are very small and noisy I recommend it for short stays or for people that are spending their time outside the Hotel.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful location, but tiny room and grumpy staff in the Reception","We stayed for 5 nights on business at the St.Giles. The room was surprisingly small and the bathroom too,  but everything was clean and had all the basics. The window was also very small. The location of this hotel is great; Oxford Street and the train station only few steps away, just to name a few. Also the Theater, with the Queen Show is only next door, really handy .) The Concierge, as well as the staff at the breakfast area and the Bar were nice, but the staff in the Reception was REALLY grumpy and not friendly at all ! Nevertheless, I can recommend the St.Giles for the location and price.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4965-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,girlie catch up!!,"stayed here for 2 nights with my best friend for a London show break Hotel has a great location, around the corner from Oxford st and the tube Room was small but clean and everything you needed staff were great, very friendly and helpful and nothing too much trouble its ideal for a short break, not luxurious but great value we didnt have time to check out the pool facilities only down side, the bar was expensive £11 for a small wine and a small beer!! i would definately stay again though",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,"I stayed at the St Giles w/end of 8th - 10th February with a large group.  This hotel has an excellent location, central for everything we wanted to do in London.  It has obviously been a beautiful hotel in it's day and as a result is now looking a little tired, however it is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful with the exception of the bar staff who I found to be very rude and aggressive, they really let the hotel down.  A tip when booking - don't ask for a three bedded  room as we did because you will be given a tiny room with a single bed and a four foot bed for two people.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St. Giles Hotel London,"Lovley quiet room found for us at 12.05pm & able to go to the room immediatly. The receptionist could not have been more helpful. The breakfast in the morning was very adequate although it was missing the some ingredients like mushrooms, tomatoes poached eggs within the cooked breakfast. However, there was plenty of continental style breakfast plus coffee, tes & fruit juices plus croissants & fruit.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Good Hotel","The St Giles Hotel is in a very good location for The British Museum and events at UCL and Covent Garden and Leicester Square are only a 10 - 15  minute walk away. The hotel can be  busy at week-end but it is efficiently run. Rooms are on the small side but adequate for a short stay. If you do not want breakfast in the hotel there are plenty  of cafes in the vicinity together with a Sainsbury, Waitrose and M & S food shop within 3 minutes walk.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Central very quick check in/out,"Book early as it is highly in demand very practical and efficient check in and very good English breakfast, keeps you going till 4.00pm. We had a corner suite which captures the sun, a luxury when in London price is very reasonable and only 1 minute away from underground station.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
4974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4970-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel - Nothing Special,On our arrival i was slightly disappointed with the St Giles hotel as it just was not as nice as i saw on the computer. The room was very ok but didn't give me the WOW i was expecting. The swimming pool was the highlight of my trip and with breakfast being a let down in not sure i would stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
4975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Stopover,"Great Location(2 Mins Walk Tottenham Court Rd Tube Stn)with easy access Oxford St,Cvent Garden etc, Check in reasonably painless but English is not 1st language of most staff! Rooms ok, if a little dated in appearance, with comfortable bed but not a lot of space,(ask for bath if that is your preference as soom rooms are shower only)  Views are limited due to layout of building and i expect all rooms are similar in this respect Layout of Hotel rooms can be confusing on arrival so consult room layout guide as you exit lifts!! Speaking of Lifts, lift controls appear to be very random and it can be a long time before a lift arrives!!(Suggest walk down service stairs is quicker than waiting for lift) Lively bar, with multiple screens if you need to catch up on sporting events Did,nt…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location Below par service,"This hotel has a very central location for London visitors, right beside a tube station and within walking distance of Oxford Street. However the Double room that I got for my 15yr old son and me was so small that a mouse would be doubled over in it. There was nothing complimentary in this establishment, you had to pay for anything extra including wifi. (£1 for 20mins)  This is one shabby hotel, the walls the carpets need attention and the breakfast which I had to pay an extra £10.00 for was almost inedible, with no toast, cold and gloopy croissants that looked left over from last week. A dark liquid labelled coffee, sausages made from who knows what, and unfriendly staff hovering clearing trays and trying not to catch a customers eye. The bathroom in the room was about the size…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location,"We found this hotel to be in a very convenient location. Although we booked a standard double, no breakfast, they kindly upgraded us to an exec double at no extra charge which included breakfast. The staff were charming and very helpful . The rooms were very small, you could just swing a mouse, if you so desired. There weren't any by the way!! but it was only for one night. All very clean and very comfortable. Well done St Giles. Special thanks to the Polsih lady who served us breakfast!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Right place, wrong standards","You get what you pay for, right? So if you wanted a ""cheap"" hotel than one in the centre of London for around £100 a night seems like a good deal. And I suppose it sort of is.  But this is not a nice hotel. It's certainly shabby, with scuffed walls and doors everywhere, threadbare carpets, scruffy bath linens, tired paintwork and dated decor. Rooms are very small indeed, have poor blinds/curtains that mean you are woken up with the dawn, and furniture from the seventies. My bed could certainly be described as ""firm"", as in ""firm as the pavement"".   It is the only hotel I've ever stayed in that actually take your credit card and make you pay for breakfast before even allowing you into the dining area. I can understand why after eating the food there. From Orange juice that has…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4975-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Average , not much to offer","Stayed their on Saturday.  Not much to say really. It's location is perfect. Probably the most central hotel in London. But that about it . Customer service is non existent, small room,breakfast to avoid. So only stay their if you need somewhere quick and central to sleep.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Near theatres,"St. Giles Hotel is situated near the theatres and next to Oxford Street about 15 minutes to walk to Covent Garden. The hotel is quite big, but the rooms are really small. As a tip: try to get an executive room, it is a little bigger and you can have a special breakfast. My bathroom was comfortable and the shower large and clean.The hotel inside is clean and my room was quiet. The personal was friendly. Downstairs is an restaurant and bar.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Conveniently situation and comfortable,"We stayed here recently as part of a theatre package.  It's conveniently situated on the Tottenham Court Road and Bedford Avenue within easy walking distance of Covent Garden, Soho, the various art galleries and tourist attractions such as Trafalgar Square, Westminster Bridge and most of the theatres e.g. The Lyceum where we saw The Lion King musical.  There are some lovely restaurants also within a few minutes' walk if the weather is fine - and taxis are readily available if not. The hotel itself is clean and friendly even if the decor is a little jaded! The hotel has several lifts which is just as well as we were on the 11th floor!  Our room was ready on arrival but we did think it was intended as a single rather than a double as it was extremely small and the bed, although it…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location but not for light sleepers,"Just across the road from Tottenham Court Road tube. Efficient check in. My room was fairly small but comfortable. Plenty of lifts so no waiting.  All in all a good hotel but the walls are pretty thin, so perhaps best avoided if you like quiet at bedtime.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles ,a central hotel that is cheap and friendly","I recently stayed 3 nights at the hotel and found it very pleasant . My room was a single and very small but clean and the bathroom was nice with black tiling ,again very small. The breakfast was really good with an excellent choice, all self service. The staff were friendly and the concierge service impeccable for a tourist class hotel.   The tube station is 3 minutes away on foot and Oxford Street is 5 minutes away. You can walk to Covent Garden and Piccadilly Circus in 15 minutes ,if not less.The British Museum is literally round the corner.   A good choice for a sightseeing trip to the capital... Will surely return...",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4980-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay for Dominion theatre,"I had stayed here previously with my sisters on a visit to the city. This time we decided to stay in a larger room and choose an  Executive Suite, which was spacious, had great views and even a mini kitchen with fridge. The bed was the most comfortable bed we had slept in. My only criticism was the room decor and furniture looked very dated, but it was comfortable and we would stay again. With this room there is a complimentary breakfast in a small restaurant. The food was excellent, well served and of good quality, staff were very attentive. This hotel is very busy and ideal for the sites. We would definitely use it again and enjoyed our stay very much. Great taxi links and tube station. Close to Oxford street. Excellent.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location,"The St Giles Hotel is at the top of Oxford Street corner with Tottenham Court Road just metres away from the tube station. The hotel is all about location. Shaftsbury Avenue and the theatres are just a few steps away as are the stores of Oxford Street. All the sights of London are within a walking distance. On the down side the rooms are tiny and so are the bathrooms. But then who spends time in a hotel room in London.There is a casino and a health centre attached to the hotel, and a convenient late closing supermarket across the road.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What an odd mixture,"I was tagging along on a trip my wife had organised for nine of her students to attend a conference in London. This place is an odd mix of smart hotel and youth hostel! It is a large concrete monstrosity at the south end of Tottenham Court Rd. The location is fantastic: two minutes from the Tube, ten minute walk from Soho and the theatre district. If you are on a sightseeing trip this is great. The initial impression on entering the large lobby is that this is a pretty smart hotel. However, the rooms are small with adequate, but only just, facilities. The wait for the four small lifts is frustrating at busy times. Breakfast is served in a large cafeteria style room with a fair bit of queing at peak times. The food is reasonably good with self service cold and cooked options…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not Impressed,"My wife and I stayed here this weekend. The room was very small, the extractor fan in the bathroom did not work and when we asked for decafe coffee for the room we were told that none was available. The breakfast in the morning was more like a cattle market and the food was not of a standard that I have come to expect from the rating of hotel. We will not use the St Giles again.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can't complain for the price,"Altogether there were 21 of us. The hotel was clean but dated. Some of the room had an updated bathroom which was lovely it just needs to be carried into the rest of the hotel. We were split up off down different corridors, but all on the same floor. The rooms were small but comfortable IT'S ONLY USED FOR SLEEPING!!! Breakfast is EUROPEAN not English so don't expect toast fried egg or otherwise. Breakfast is basic but you can fill up on what's there! The pool was great for the children and could be left and watched by on site staff and life guards. The hotel is in a great location and is easy to find.   The only major problem with this hotel is the lifts. You can wait up to 10mins for 1 lift to come and there are 4 to choose from!   If you want a hotel with a central location…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4985-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Awful room.,"Awful, tiny room with barely space to walk next to the bed.Horrible (non opening) door onto shabby flat roof.Very small portable tv. with extremely poor reception as to make any channel unwatchable. Bathroom clean but somebody else's rubbish in the bin. Noisy room. Dirty stained carpets in hallway. The foyer and entrance appear grand but our room was an embarrassing cupboard. We did not complain at the time as it was our first hotel stay but we would now. Check in easy and quick, good central location, staff ok. I would never stay here again and felt that any charge for this room would have been too much. We stayed here approx. 2 years ago",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
4990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A sausage factory,"Two nights in St.Giles was a sad experience.  When checking in the silent receptionist gave us a key and the room number but did not bother to give any other information such as the way to the room, breakfast and other facilities.  The double room we got is the tiniest hotel room we have ever stayed in and that includes single bedrooms.  The narrow double bed filled 80-90% of the useful floor space and it was virtually impossible for two persons to move about in the room at the same time.  Thanks to the thin walls and the big gap between the door and the floor you could almost hear the guy next door take off his socks.  The bath room had a foot print the size of a stamp where you constantly bumped into something with your head, elbows or knees.   The room was clean but not more…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, executive rooms a bit overpriced","The hotel is in a fantastic central location, the service I could not fault. Very efficient staff, the rooms are good sizes and good value but the executive rooms I feel where overpriced. Very clean hotel. Would definitely recommend.  ",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London trip,"It was a weekend away for my bithday,The hotel was  in a great location, walking distance to all the attractions. No problems with the hotel, it was very clean. The staff was very friendly. The rooms were a bit small but that did not bother us as we were out most of the day. The buffet breakfast was fine, plenty to eat. Would stay there again",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel. Great Location,"We stayed here for two nights and loved it. We had the breakfast to go package and it included a drink, pastry and piece of fruit each morning. The room was fine with all the mod cons. The staff were all good. Only issue was the hotel bar. The staff are a bit in your face and the surroundings are a bit old but really not a problem.  When in London I'll stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4990-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London party weekend,"Another weekend away this time to celebrate best friends birthday. This hotel was in a great location just off Oxford Street in walking distance to Leicester square and near the underground . The staff are lovely in this hotel Ahmed the concierge was funny helpful and brilliant at his job thats how you should be greeting customers and giving information. Ken the night security helped us with taxis and information so ask those two if you want to go anywhere. The room is small and just average there is a hairdryer  extra pillows and a fan in the cupboard that was a first ! I dont know what it is with hotels but the heating system just seems to be so hot so the window was open a lot. Tiny bathroom it was clean though , the maid service parked their trolley outside our room and one…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location... If not important choose another hotel,"Just across the street from the Oxford shopping street.  Theatres, Starbucks, Soho and a lot of good restaurants just around the corner.   Rooms: double standard for single use. About 10 sqm incl. bathroom. Bad flush and waterpressure in toilet and shower. Dirty towels. Left some on the floor and they were back on the rack. Nasty. All rooms have carpets on the floor. Very thin walls, almost like sharing room the ones nextdoor. The traffic from outside didnt bother me much. Quiet area,  Breakfast: must eat before 8 am every morning. After that time its not sure you will get a table. You have to line up to serve yourself and its not sure you will find cups and forks or even any food left. Besides that, the cured bacon, coffee, hash browns and scrambled eggs tasted good.  …",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,"My wife and I stayed at the hotel for one Friday night on a theatre weekend. We have no complaints about the staff or the rooms. Over the years I have travelled and stayed in many different types of hotels worldwide, and I find some of the previous bad comments a little surprising. However we had a good size room with a view over London to the South and a double bed. We had the special breakfast given to us by the hotel free of charge as a gift. Checking in Staff were very helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Good value for money for a London Hotel in a central position.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dont listen to the negative this hotel is 100% positive!,After reading negative reviews i was really surprised when i got there. Greated by friendly helpful staff. The room was amazing really clean you could smell paint and the bathroom was amazing the shower was a nice hot power shower. Tea and coffee and hot chocolate in the room with a kettle too and a safe.  Location 100% amazing and value for money at the back of Primark and starbucks and a little sainsburys so everything on the door step. Brillant weekend will definatly stay there again!,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but a real let down,"Stayed at this hotel as part of a theatre weekend and assumed that given the cost of our one night stay (around £200 for my partner and I for a single night) the hotel would be of a good standard. I travel in the UK for both business and pleasure quite frequently and so think that I'm quite a fair judge of hotel...... In short: (1) Reception staff were not very friendly and didnt provide relevant information on check in (checkout, breakfast times....details of fitness facilities etc....)  (2) myself and my girlfriend were given a double room with 2 single beds (AND the room was VERY small)   (3) Our shower wouldnt get warm and wouldnt drain properly   (4) somehow using the shower for 3 minutes set off the firealarm in our room   (5) the cleaner tried to come in to clean our room…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or4995-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Love this centrally located hotel, consistently helpful and friendly staff.","My favourite hotel in London. Ok, so it's not Claridges.....or is it??!!  In terms of customer care, attention and service, I think it warrants 5* If a room is available, the Reception staff are very obliging, often organising an early check-in. They are always very helpful, friendly and interested in your stay. The bar-staff are very professional, remembering you and the drink you enjoy, every time you return to the bar. The Concierge are really attentive and engaging. Helping with bags, arranging transport and helping with directions. I stay at this hotel often, because it is in a fantastic location, central to the West End and Theatre-district. The hotel is very reasonably priced (which means I can afford to see even more shows during my stay!) and has outstanding facilities,…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
5000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"Booked a deluke room for our much anticipated break in February. OMG I'd hate to see the standard roms! Rooms small, cold, lacking character and comfort. The most unfriendly hotel I have ever  stayed in. No character. Staff didn't give a damn. It was like guests were an inconvenience. This hotel is like a conveyor belt with people coming and going all the time. Breakfast time is a joke. It's listed until 10.30, but staff lock doors at 10.20 and then act as if they don't understand what you're saying. Restaurants in hotel to be avoided. All in all this hotel should be avoided. ",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
5001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"My husband booked this as a xmas /valentine present for me and after reading the reviews here I was very apprehensive about our stay. So on arrival I was very presently surprised. Only minutes from Tottenham Ct Tube station and just off Oxford st, Super location! The welcome from the reception was really friendly and efficient. We were allocated room 186 and again I thought ""oh no... probably wont get any sleep with a room so close to the road/noise etc""... well we both had a great sleep, very comfy bed and street noise was very very minimal.Ok, the room was very small,tiny even, but as we were only going to be sleeping and showering it was absolutely fine. Spotless clean and a great powerful shower. The guys on the concierge desk were really lovely and very helpful with advise…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
5002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good central place to stay.,"The hotel is in a perfect position for sightseeing as you are not too far from bus and tube links to anywhere you want to visit. Covent garden and theatres are within walking distance particularly the Dominion which is just aroung the corner. The British museum is a short walk away, 5-10 minutes, where you can join the Original tour buses which are a great way to see London. The rooms are small but serve the purpose of a good nights sleep, although we had to ask to be moved from the first room on the ninth floor, 948, which was damp and smelly and very out of date with old dirty carpet in the room and lino in the grotty ensuite. We then got room 335, thanks to the helpfull receptionist, which was very nice and more in line with expectations of quality. We ate the first night in…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
5003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very busy hotel,"I stayed here for one night whilst working in London. Yes the single room was small but it was very clean and everything worked. Yes if you open the windows it is busy outside but not so bad you can't sleep. The room was comfortable and warm enough despite being very cold out.   The main drawback is how busy the place was. It appeared that several coach loads of German students were staying and along with all the other guest meant long queues for the lifts and the busiest breakfast place I have ever seen. It resembled a high school canteen and was so busy there were hardly any seats available, after several laps of the overcrowded and hectic place I managed to finally find a spare seat on stable with several students. Milk dispensers were empty, the search for toast is pointless…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
5004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5000-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny rooms, disappointing breakfast. Brilliant location.",We stayed at the beginning of feb 2013. Location wise this hotel was perfect. The proximity to the shops and west end was brilliant but that's where the good points end!    The room was on the forth floor in the west tower facing Tottenham court road. It wasn't too noisy and I wasn't kept awake by traffic but after a days shopping I was asleep with in minutes of getting to bed.  The room was tiny and the decor made the room feel dirty and dark although it was relatively clean. Not what I was expecting though as the entrance and reception looked quite modern.  The bathroom was very small. The shower was claustrophobic and the complementary shower gel nasty. There was also no where to hang your towels up In the bathroom. We used the rail in the 'wardrobe'. Breakfast was a massive…,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
5005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Check your room,"Checked in and given room 583....in the quiet side said the receptionist....without telling me the room was so small and stuck in a corner of the hotel, stale smell,hardly any hangers and certainly not a coat hook in site...and certainly no room to swing the proverbial cat...and certainly no stretching exercises..   Returning after a birthday meal we had to call Reception between 12-1am and ask the staff to attempt to get the noise reduced in our little end enclave....thank you Mark.   Breakfast at 9am was just a mad scramble ...good pun as only scrambled eggs available!!! ...never seen such a bun fight for breakfast in any hotel before with a continuous queue....advise going for breakfast at 10am...just normal.    Finally have never been to a hotel where NO toast available at…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
5006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient hotel,The room was Compact but comfortable quiet and very clean . Quite a queue to get into a no frills dining room but amazing breakfast.  Handy for all the sites and transport. the Concierge folk very helpful on bus numbers and where to get on and off. Very precise accurate route descriptions given each time I asked for help. Reception staff a bit unhelpful but for a cheap no frills comfy clean good location hotel excellent.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
5007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location but that's all it has going for it..,"Wanted to book a room for the night, the receptionist didn't even know the room rate, was told to call back the following day even though I needed the room that night. Eventually a Manager came on the phone, he didn't really know either, just confirmed what I had told him from the internet. Room was cold, noisy (asked for a quiet room), wasn't impressed at all. Heaters kept coming on loud every hour and the TV came on at 5am. Doors banging and noisy guests. Even Concierge ignored me coming in with my bags. The next night I decided to give it another go in a different room after speaking to reservations, only reason was it was close to work and my car was in the car park below.  So the reservations agent told me she would provide me with a quiet room on the 1st or 2nd floor,…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
5008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but pick your room wisely.","This is a no frills hotel offering a good location for reasonable prices (good for London anyway).  We've stayed here twice in the last year.  The first time the room was so small it was like sleeping on a ship.  This time the room was better and the bathroom more modern (room 804).  However we've just come out of breakfast where we were served by a surly young woman.  We asked for poached eggs but were told we could only have fried.  The breakfast consisted of one rasher of bacon, a child-sized portion of beans, and 4 slices of mushroom.  See photo attached.  Would I stay here again?  If I had to.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
5009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5005-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for business,"Stayed in the st giles when I was completing my training for work. Hotel was close to everything, right on Tottenham court road and next to the underground. Also close to Oxford street. The rooms were really clean and the bathroom was lovely!!! Only downside was the small size of the room. The breakfast was also really good. Can't comment on the value as it was paid for! Overall very nice hotel. ",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,value for money great location,"This hotel is in a great location for a London visit if you dont want to pay a years wages for a room, it is just off oxford street and pretty close to everything the tube station is about one minute walk and you can go anywhere from there, walk to the shopping in Oxford street in minutes. The hotel has smallish rooms and smaller bathrooms we had a twin bed room it was the only one we could get as did the couple we travelled with we were on the 7th floor you can open a window which is good but it can be a bit noisy. Overall its good only thing its bit short on the shower gels etc but we usually bring our own or you can pop across the road to sainsbury and pick some up.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
5011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but it ends there,"This hotel is very well located for central London and is very close to Tottenham Court Road station but I'm afraid the positives end there. London is of course very expensive for accommodation but we paid a little over £250 for 3 nights for a double room excluding breakfast so not the cheapest but relatively low, however the room was tiny and the decor incredibly old fashioned. The decor and colours were so old fashioned they actually made the room look dirty although to be fair it didn't seem to be. The bathroom was tiny and really just too small to be functional. We were on the third floor on the corner of the hotel next to Charing Cross Road and the room was very noisy. I get particularly annoyed where people review 3 star hotels as though they expect them to deliver what a…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
5012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If you adore youth hostels...,...you'll love this place. It is shabby with not a hint of chic. The standard lamp in my 'cosy' room had an unintentional lean that would have been the envy of the Tower of Pisa. Cat swinging was out of the question and the affectionate shower curtain seemed keen to cling to my body. The threadbare carpet lent an ethnic air to the room which was reasonably clean. The bath and shower products were clamped to the wall prison style and would double as paint stripper if you felt like a spot of necessary redecoration. They want you to enjoy a lengthy sleep in this establishment - my requested alarm call never materialised and so I had an unsheduled lie in which meant my breakfast was a little hurried. This was not a problem since I have an aversion to work canteens. The orange juice…,Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
5013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,An absolute kip,"Shockingly poor. This used to be the YMCA and to be honest I've stayed in better youth hostels. Rooms are air heated and had to open the window as it was like a sauna in my room, only to be greater by a bright blue neon sign. Opening the window did nothing to reduce the temperature. The bathroom was horrible the sink didn't drain properly and was full of hair and the previous occupants tooth paste.  Avoid at all costs, the central location isn't worth the trade off!!",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
5014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5010-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Terrible place,"Double room had 18"" around the bed to walk around, we were on the 3rd floor and still the noise from the street below kept us awake. The windows were not adiquate to block the noise. The breakfast experience was terrible, staff were rude ""where are the bowls please""? ""Over there"", dirty tables, food looked not fresh. Terrible place",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
5015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value, central location","Booked here for a cheap hotel in Central London for a Thursday night. The hotel is a little tired but clean and the staff were friendly.  I liked the fact I was given a room high up which had an extra living room attached  to it with a pull down bed in the closet if needed (it also had a seperate bedroom). Very impressed for the price but I must have got lucky.  The bathroom is small and functional but perfectly clean, there is only shower gel on the wall so if you are fussy bring your own soap.   Bed was comfortable and clean, very good value",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,There are 540 better hotels and 540 worse hotels in London,"The location of this hotel is central for the theatres and the shops - it is good if you are on business in central London. First impressions are good , the entrance and the reception is bright and the staff welcoming. The hotel is very large and the impression as you head to your room is one of long hallways with  a number of right angled branches leading to even more long hallways.  The room - i had a twin on the fourth floor - had a small window overlooking Tottenham Court Road . The room was fine - made for sleeping in rather than for relaxing - my bed was very comfortable , the walls and doors are thin and you hear folk moving around. The shower room was functional - no bath , basic shower gel in wall mounted container.  Breakfast was not a relaxing experience - there is…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The perfect location,"Just returned from a 3 night stay at the st giles. The location is fantastic, Oxford street,  soho, Leicester square, covent garden are all few minutes walk away and the tube station is literally round the corner from the hotel.  The breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice. We didn't use the restaurants so can't comment on those. Now the rooms, I paid £100 per night for 2 including breakfast, which for the location is very reasonable, on the down side, a standard room is tiny, just enough room for a bed and dressing table and the bathroom is also tiny. For a short stay it is tolerable. For me the location was its selling point, so would definitely stop again but maybe look at upgrading the room if its not to expensive. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,5 stars for location,"St Giles Hotel is excellent for its location, situated right in the centre of London city on Oxford Street. Tottenham Court Road Underground is just across the street which is fantastic to start your trip around London. The underground is very much recommended.  The hotel has 2 restaurants which we didn't eat in as we always went out for dinner but always looked busy. Helpful staff at the reception and recommended us some visitor attractions.  This hotel is definitely worth staying in as it has lovely rooms, comfortable beds clean towels every day and heating was great. It is excellent for shopping on Oxford street, i had a great time in the January sales.  Defo recommended.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5015-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, very small single rooms (like a closet)","Stayed for one night for work.   Very good: location   OK: breakfast;    Not that good: noisy (you can hear the neighbours as well as outside); very very small single rooms (I suspect they should be classified as closets);   In conclusion, one cannot expect much from London hotels, but i would probably not go back to St. Giles (for single use room). Do not know about double rooms.",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
5020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"If you want a ""base"" to explore London then this is the hotel for you.  You can get from health row to this hotel in under an hour, you come up from Tottenham court tube station and the hotel is more or less right in front of you. Oxford street is 2 minutes away also. The staff on arrival were very friendly. The rooms are compact but comfortable. The concierge was very helpful and we could leave our bags in the hotel after we had checked out at no extra charge. Breakfast was not included in our package but we did buy breakfast in the hotel. The breakfast itself was nice although I'm sure there are better options around for £10. The breakfast area was more like a canteen than a hotel though.  I would stay here again on a sight seeing/ shopping trip. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,For london a very fair price. But not a gret experience.,"For london a very fair price. But not a gret experience. The botel is gigantic in nr of rooms. There is nothing nice or cosy about it. It is just plain rooms. With ol and outdated furniture and carpets. Bur if you just need a plce to sleep in a very convenient spot in centrl london, then for the price this is actually an ok pi ck. The hotel is in what must architecturally  be one of the ugliest buildings in town or even on the planet.... But hey, you sleep in it, there is no need to look at it. ",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
5022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,never again,"check in was quick and no problems there. Rooms was tiny and needs up dating. no heating at all (used hair dryers to get some heat and now both have come down with the flu) At to queue for half hour  to get breakfast then walk around until you could get a table.(no toast)  The fire alarm went off on a morning so we got out and went to reception we had to tell them the fire alarm was going off all they said was yeah we know trying to sort it. They never even told us where to go, so we all stood outside the building,then was told by the doorman to go across the road.No signs to say fire point.   The lifts are very slow, you can use the back stairs(  looked like they been forgotten)",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
5023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"The st giles hotel..Convenient, comfortable and a good quality for money hotel. The whole of London is On your doorstep. Oxford street is 2minutes away.  The tube is almost right outside...Check in, drop your luggage and go explore. The rooms are newly refurbished and clean. Bathrooms again clean, tiled and newly refurbished. Both are not big..But for the prices charged more than adequate. A good bar and chinese restaurant are on site as are a Casino and leisure centre. The staff are very obliging and multi- linqual.  A good mix of international clientele.  GOOD HOTEL, GOOD LOCATION AND VALUE FOR MONEY.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5020-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"This was my 2nd visit to this hotel and I really can't fault it. We arrived at 10:00am on a Saturday morning but were able to check in straightaway. Reception were friendly, polite and efficient as is the concirge desk who are really helpful with maps and directions.The room was small but clean and the bathroom a decent size and modern. Breakfast can be a bit of a bun fight but on both occasions we've stayed we got a table no problem. There can be a queue for food but this moves quickly and the cooked breakfast was really nice. The only problem we had was with the lifts which seemed to be permanently full and were a bit of a free for all!  However, the best thing about this hotel is the location. We purposely booked here again as we went to see We Will Rock You which is…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Weekend Away,"Rooms Rooms where nice and clean, safety deposit box free of charge aswell as hairdryer which worked really well, plenty of storage space to keep things. Extra pillows are provided in the wardrobe if you feel you need any. Bathroom again nice and clean, shower great and easy to use.  Lazy Dog Had a drink in the Lazy Dog, nice bar area, also serves food  Breakfast Breakfast room very busy and difficult to find seating. However food was lovely plenty to choose from from cooked breakfast items, yogurts, fruits, cereals, croissants, ham and cheeses.  Location Great central location close to theatres, Oxford Street and attractions as well as both Marylebone and Euston train stations.  All in all had a fantastic stay, staff very nice and helpful, would recommend this hotel and…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I don't normally comment but...,"I felt the need to comment on this occasion because I have never experienced a Hotel like this. First impressions, you walk in and all looks nice. Hotel buzzing with people (because of location). Check-in was pretty fast but then the dreaded journey to the room began. Walked into room and yes, they are very small and weirdly shaped. Bathroom, you cannot swing a cat in and mirrors, well girls - take your own! Not the cleanest but location is good so you think OK, I can deal with this. We stayed on room 744 - very high up and after showing (wear flip flops you don't know what you will catch), we decided to open our window. We we shocked to find that the security latch didn't work and a real hazard - especially if you have children!!!   Breakfast, well, as a frequent traveler, my…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
5027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is cracking but shame about the rest.,"Me and my partner stayed this week at the st giles and what we found surprised us after booking through the website. An executive room consists of a very small double bed, a very dirty carpet, tv. The best thing about the room was the bathroom as it was nice and clean and new. When walking into the room all that hit you was air freshener which wasn't pleasant, most confusing on all there where still sweet wrappers left on the floor.    Staff where nice at reception and also the door guard. We did tell the reception that we weren't happy with the room and they did give us a key for another and it was just as bad in regards to size. They are not executive so do not pay for executive as an upgrade thinking you will get more because you won't.  On a whole for how much we paid I…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Good location for the Dominion theatre, staff very helpful and courteous. Rooms very small and compared to what I am used to a bit pricey. Took on board other reviews and didn't have the breakfast as felt £9.95 a bit much. The inside of the hotel very shabby, carpets marked and certainly the furniture in the bar looks like it has seen better days. As it was only for one night it didn't matter, but would not stay there for longer than one night.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5025-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value in the heart of London,It's not all good news though. The rooms are quite odd with weird shaped spaces. The corridors on the bedroom floors look like those in a nuclear bunker and the signage is very poor. The public rooms on the ground floor are OK and the room rates are very good for this part of London. Breakfast is adequate but my usual gripe HIGH WIFI CHARGES.,Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good place to flop,"The accommodations were adequate. The location was good (near the underground). I didn't care for the breakfast that much (bangers, ""bacon"" (more like Canadian bacon but not quite), etc.). However the cereals, fruit and drinks were good. I'm used to more electrical outlets in the U.S. and the dearth of electrical outlets seems to be chronic in Europe.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"stayed at St. Giles 18-19 Jan 2013 for my 60th Birthday, rooms arn't very big but the room we had on the 3rd floor was quite and had all that we needed for our stay. Excellent for underground station at Tottenham Court Rd. Breakfast was very good and staff were very helpful. Close to Oxford St and buses the taxi we had to get to Victoria Coach Station was quite cheap at £10.60. Cannot complain about this hotel. The trip inc. the Harrods Vintage bus around london, a boat trip on the Thames and 3 course lunch at Harrods. The boat trip is barely 20 mins and not worth it. But the bus and lunch at Harrods was definitly worth it.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ideal location,"Stayed with a friend as part of a theatre break package for 2 nights on bed and breakfast basis. Well situated close to tube station and walkable to Shaftesbury Avenue for theatres,shops and restaurants.Room quite small but modern with usual facilities. Can be quicker to use stairs than wait ages for the lifts! Breakfast time was an experience! We didnt bother queuing for cooked items as queues very lengthy both mornings. Not sufficient seating at times and any groups larger than two would struggle to sit together.As per other reviews it seems odd theres no toast! Staff friendly,hotel clean. The concierge make a small charge to look after your bags if you are checking out but not leaving until later in the day.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in great location,"We stayed at St Giles for a 2night mini break. Ideal. Perfect location for West End, Covent Garden,Westminster, in fact most places. That good we didn,t even bother with tube. Hotel very good, staff very polite and helpful. Breakfast very good, especially as hotel very busy, but don,t expect any personal services, it's just look after yourself.  Rooms very small. We had double on second floor but was more like a single room. It had everything we wanted including hair dryer and extra pillows. It was very clean with nice comfy bed. Would definitely stay there again and would recommend.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5030-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good standard hotel, good value for central London, very minor issues","I stayed at the St.Giles hotel in January 2013 for 1 night on business.  I got an executive room (which includes executive breakfast) for £145 including taxes - for central London, that is excellent!  The hotel is 1 minute's walk from Tottenham Court underground station - stand opposite the Dominion Theatre, turn left, then walk around 100m and look for Bedford Avenue on your right.  The hotel is an fairly non-descript from the outside, and needs the signposts saying it is a hotel to find it ;)  The foyer/reception is NOT big, and not especially well laid out - there was a constant movement of tourists (mostly American) in the area, generally using it as a meeting place and effectively preventing fast checkin. NOT GOOD! Check-in staff were however polite and courteous.  The room…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Short distance to Oxford Street and all the shops. Easy access to all attractions.  Hotel very clean, friendly staff, concierge very freindly and helpful. I stayed with a friend for a weekend break and will be visting again this year.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,super location,"The hotel is superbly located within a 3 minute walk of the tube,(walk past the We wil rock you musical) and then turn right after the casino) Check in was very quick and allowed us to have our room nearly an hour early , which seemed to be the case for most people there. We were upgraded to an executive room which was fine for our requirements. They werent that big but had everything needed and the shower/ toilets were especially clean with toiletries provided. They were also very quiet even though the hotel was very busy. The breakfast in the Japanese? restaurant had a good choice of cold items, and a well cooked hot selection. Overall a pleasant hotel and would recommend it to anyone who wants a central hotel ideal to see all the sights of London.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location but tiny rooms,"Solo travellers take note...the standard single rooms at this hotel are by far the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in, at any hotel, anywhere. Not sure what the doubles are like, but be aware that the single rooms are miniscule... I cannot exaggerate how tiny they are, so be forewarned! Breakfast has a good variety although served in a large and a rather characterless office-cafeteria style room. Also, no wi-fi is included. Small, slow elevators. The hotel is clean, I will say. But the best part about this hotel by far is the location, just steps away from Oxford Street shopping, the British Museum and the theatres and restaurants of the West End and Soho.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,relaxing break in the heart of London,"The St Giles Hotel just off Tottenham road is only 500mts from the tube and within walking distance to most theatres. Although double rooms are small, with wardrobes to match it was ample for our 4 day stay. We have been on various floors over our previous 3 visits and all are very quiet. The bathroom had been recently refurbished and rooms were very clean. Reception staff were efficient and and although we arrived early our luggage was stored away and we were allowed to register there and then.  The 'coffee and go' is a good, as in the morning we are not hungry due to us having a dinner the previous evening, a full breakfast would be a waste. We dined in various Cafe Rouge restaurants, the closes one being on the way to the tube station. Not only was the food excellent but we…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5035-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A bit grim, but clean","It's not horrific; the problem is that it is grim from the moment you walk in the door to the moment you leave. Reception not very welcoming, walk to the lift lobby and it's grim. Up to the fifth floor, across a cold link bridge along a narrow corridor, into a small small room. Room decor is 1980s with poor sound insulation overlooking a noisy Tottenham Court Rd. Furnishings are uncomfortable, bedding is scratchy. No irons available - have to hike down to the ironing room on the floor below. Redeeming features are that the TV is a new LCD model with a good picture and the bathroom, although small, has been recently refurbished. Towels are scratchy. Breakfast is very grim, dreadful self service operation with no toast, rubber croissant, awful looking cooked food and undrinkable…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal London Hotel,"I have been staying here almost every week for over a year, It is a very large functional hotel. I like the choice of room levels and upgrade when the prices are lower. Rooms are always clean and functional. Front desk and Concierge are always friendly and helpful. Lifts can be a bit painful sometimes. Location is ideal at the end of Oxford Street, 5 mins from Soho and right next to the Tube. The pool and Gym underneath the Hotel are very good. Overall an ideally located functional hotel.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,pros and cons,"Pros:  Location.  Clean.  Friendly staff.  Good lights and mirrors in the room.  Hairdryer.  Kettle.  Safe.  Flat screen TV on the wall with freeview channels.  Mixer taps in the bathroom.  Hot and cold breakfasts (No toast machine though - see cons). Breakfast served 6.30 to 10.30 when I was there on a week day.    Cons:  Small basic rooms.  Not built for the larger person!  I had to walk in the door side ways as it didnt open fully.  Shower cubicle door doesnt open fully either. (I am a normal healthy size 10.)   No black out curtains only horizontal blinds at the windows. Light came in the room from under the front door too.  Silver plug permanently in the sink, water has to drain away slowly (too slowly).  Same principle in the shower so the shower water was coming out…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel For citytrip!,"I think the St Giles Hotel in London is quite allright when you go for a citytrip or a shopping trip too London but now for long stays. It's location is really ideal if you want to explore Oxford Street and Regent Street! It's also close too supermarkets and the subway. I stayed there with a friend 1 night on the 12th floor (the highest). This was not ideal because  the elevator didn't reach the 12th floor..you had to take a separate (very!) small elevator or the staircase. The hallway also smelled a bit funny and the room was very small. We also noticed, during our night, that the rooms aren't very isolated.. you could hear a lot of noise from the other guests and from the elevator. So I think this hotel is ideal if u just need a bed to sleep in and a bathroom but not for long…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can't swing a cat,"I guess you pay for what you get, so this hotel is good value for money given its location. The staff are friendly and food is ok for the price. For me though, it does not suit a business man who needs to stay in a hotel for a few weeks. My room (436) was small and cramped. I couldn't draw the roller blinds, the heating thermostat is under table, the wardrobe is small so if you're hanging anything or have a lot of clothes, you will be leaving them in the case. The bathroom is really small with the toilet, shower and door very close. There is no iron in the room so you have to use an ironing room. The sink drained very slowly. I left a bag of rubbish in the room and it was not cleared. The road noise was loud. You have to pay to use the gym. I would ONLY recommend this hotel to…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5040-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Last minute decision to travel New Years Eve.  Great price, location , just off Oxford Street, and breakfast yum!  Will definately use this hotel again.  Excellent location for Theatre distyrict too wich underground easily accessible!",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"excellent location, great value","Excellent location, a few minutes walk from Oxford Street shops and Tottenham Court Road tube station, so it's easy to get to all the sights, theatres and shops.  You can leave luggage free of charge with the concierge if you arrive before check-in and after you've checked out.  It only cost me £82 (I phoned the hotel to book) for a twin room which had comfy beds with extra pillows and a bathroom which looked like new.  We were on the 6th floor so there was no street noise and we had decent views.  Staff were efficient and friendly.  Lots of good places to eat nearby (e.g. Garfunkels for breakfast) so we ate out.  Intend to stay again when I next visit London.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
5046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just another number,Stayed here at Xmas . Room was adequate but small and very noisy. Breakfast o.k. Was woken at 8.00am on Sunday morning by maid trying to clean the room. She actually came in whilst we were asleep. Complained and was told it was normal practise to try and clean rooms after 8am unless do not disturb sign was put on door. How can this be at £100 a night. UNBELIEVABLE.,Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
5047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I think the best about this hotel is its location. It is less than 1 minute walk from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Rd station. Staff were a bit rude when I arrived, both front desk and concierge. Maybe it was because it was busy, not sure. The room is nice, quite big (for European standards), shower wasn't the best. There is a bar downstaris and restaurants (a cheap one). I would stay there again, but mainly because of the location.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Reasonably priced central hotel,"Booked this hotel through booking.com for a weekend shopping and theatre break with a friend. The room was small but adequate (it was a standard twin room). It was clean, comfortable and perfectly fine for a one night stay. There was some traffic noise and noise from people outside in the early hours but it wasn't really a problem. The central location was perfect for shopping in Oxford street and also within walking distance of the theatres. Right by a tube station too.   You can also leave your bags at the hotel after checking out for a £1. Much better than carrying stuff round London all day!   Would stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5045-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bargain with breakfast and great location,Very impressed with this hotel room looked newly renovated and bargain price for London also with breakfast too which is very rare. Only downside is breakfast room very long queue but staff worked hard to keep everything running. I would request a room on low floor do you can use the stairs as lifts vvvvvslow!!!!,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
5050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Couldn't even book in,"Tried several times to book via the website, but it just would not register that I wanted to start my stay on 30 March, continually changing the first night to 31 March.  Then tried calling the so called central reservation desk, and found that the automatic answering service was on an eternal loop so I had to keep pressing 1 for reservations.  Finally managed to speak to a human being only to be told that I had to call back the following day.  Sorry, you've missed your chance St Giles Hotel!",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
5051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Very small bedroom. Complained and shown another one which was exactly the same. No doors on clothes cupboard area. No soap just gel containers on wall of sink and shower. Poor quality towels.Small double beds. Pay extra for internet, printing, and storage of suitcases for short peiod on leaving.Lifts take ages and most people used the staircase. Not so good if you are on the ninth floor. Breakfast was a shambles with long queues for a buffet breakfast. No toast. On the positive side all the staff were very friendly and helpful. Very good location for theatres , shopping and the underground",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very noisy air condition unit outside.","I recently stayed at the St Giles Hotel during a trip to London. The location was the major decision for choosing this hotel, as it is situated within an easy walking distance of both the British Museum and Drury Lane.  On arrival the room had everything that you could require, although the room could have been cleaner. There was hair in both the sink and the shower (which could also have done with a good scrub).  The major problem with this hotel was the CONSTANT LOUD HUM of the air conditioning unit outside of the hotel, making it impossible to sleep. The unit was five storeys below and the window was firmly closed, but the sound still penetrated.  At £82 for a double room, this was fairly reasonable, but I would strongly advise that if you decide to stay here, have a look out…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
5053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location!,"If the West End is your destination then this hotel is perfect. There are better hotels but obviously more expensive. English and Continental breakfast with adequate seating. Other facilities include Japanese and Chinese restaurants, comfy bar with hot snacks and a 'chill out' section with hot drinks! Wifi doesn't appear to be available but pc stations for Internet access are available at £1 for 20mins. However, my data signal was very good.  If all you need is a clean cosy room to sleep in (with tv) and comfortable surroundings to relax in the evening (the Chinese food was very good) then this hotel fits the bill!  ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5050-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One night only,"Went with my daughter for a one night stay in London. Was a nice pleasant walk from Kings Cross train station. Round the corner from the nearest tube station. Good location for people going to see theater's. Small room but adequate, over looked the London Eye which was nice. Good price and very handy for shops and restaurants. Room was abit dated but we didn't really mind as it was only for one night. However bar lacked atmosphere.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Hotel in the center of London, good price-quality ratio",This hotel is at 10 minutes bus-time (line 390) from St-Päncras Station (where the Eurostar arrives). At 500m from the British museum. Many other bus-lines in the neighborhood. Good price-quality.  Check-in and check-out is very fast. Good conciergerie.,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location....poor experience,"good location as the hotel is central and has access to a tube station within a few yards of it. However,The hotel was dated and felt as if there were too many people staying there. Getting into the lifts was a nightmare, as there were so many people there. The breakfast experience chaotic, with no seating arrangments and people queing for the food without getting a seat, then wandering around looking for a table. Coffee was shocking and the juice was like syrup. The room was small and poking with no room to move, bed was uncomfortable and bathroom was tiny....not like the rooms shown on the website. I would advise expecting a bad hotel experience, though if your only there to get changed and stay out late without wanting to relax in your room then the location makes up for a…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
5057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,New Year in London,"We went on our annual NYE trip to London and tried the St Giles for the first time, one of the rooms was very cold and the shower was broken, however they were moved to another room with very little fuss. We found the staff very pleasant and helpful, we visited the bar and found it to be friendly and open late. We did not try the food as over the road there is a little shop selling freshly made Turkish coffee which I enjoyed also a small café that sold a good English breakfast. The hotel is in a great situation as it is easy walking distance to any of the touristy places, Oxford street and the tube. The rooms are not huge however they are clean and good value for money, also in the room is a kettle and hairdryer. We will visit again.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than I expected,"Fed up with Travelodges after 6 months or more, decided to try the St Giles as it's a similar price. Very pleasantly surprised, double room not huge but big enough, shower room good, all recently refurbished. Had room on 10th floor so minimal outside noise. Tried one of the restaurants (Italian) - food fine and not expensive. Have re-booked for the next 2 weeks, if all goes well I will use this place long-term while I continue working in the City. Makes me wonder why everywhere else charges twice the price!",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5055-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bargain basement hotel,"If you want a cheap hotel in the centre of London then you could do worse than go to the St Giles. Billed as a 3 star hotel a good place to base yourself for exploration of London. Breakfast was very basic and I would suggest you don't raise you expectations as it is very much a communal affair.   Room was small with usual amenities, bathroom was very small with the smallest shower cubical I have ever seen, this was difficult to use as it was about a foot above floor level  other than this I would be happy to use it again.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Staff are great, Room is on the small side, but the bathroom made up for the lack in room space. Nice room, excellent furniture. Stayed October 2011  I had a single room, would request a double room in future for a bit more room to move",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Breaks in London,"My friend and I go to London, usually a couple of times a year mainly to see a show and we always stay in the St Giles Hotel......its great, it's within walking distance of all the sights, the shops ( if you like shopping that is) and the theatres.  The rooms are standard but clean, the staff are very approachable and friendly, and it's very reasonably priced, we wouldn't bother trying anywhere different",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad for the money,The gym was very good - £5 to enter but well worth it. Room 421 was small but adequate for one night. Breakfast was ok. Location is perfect for shopping on Oxford Street Check in very efficient Do not accept a room facing the main road - noisy all night from the 24 hour cafe across the road. There is a casino below which added to the nighttime comings and goings.,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel and very central,"I booked the hotel through Superbreaks. We arrived around 1pm and although we were told we could only check in after 3, our room was ready and we checked in on arrival. We were on the 8th floor in a twin room that was clean and good in size. The bathroom and towels were clean, we didnt hear any noise from other guests. TV, hair dryer, kettle all worked fine.The breakfast room reminded me of a works canteen it was basic and very busy but the food was good and there was plenty of it. Bread rolls and scrambled eggs replaced toast or fried eggs,  but every thing else you would eat for breakfast was available. The hotel is just off Oxford street in a great central location (about 10 - 15 mins walk from Euston station) shops, shows, restaurants are all just a short walk away. We had…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5060-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,this is not worthy of 3 stars!,"My wife and I stayed in the st giles hotel on the 27th december 2012.  On arival we went straght throught check in which was easy and fast but sadly that was the only good thing, it went down hill from there. Our room stank of cigarette smoke so I complained and we where given a diffrent room. The room was tiny and pokey, the bed was past its days and the sound proofing is terrable, every door on the hallway squeaked and you could hear a pin drop in the other rooms around us. the bath was tiny and tatty, the towles were like sand paper, we had a terrable nites sleep. Breakfast was compleat chaos,  there is not enough seating, no real order, it was just a free for all and the food was terrable.  There is no way that this hotel is worthy of 3 stars, I would say 2 is pushing it,",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
5065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cheap central hotel,The room was clean tidy and the shower room was very clean and well kept. But the water in the shower was cold and the room was hot. All in all it was good for £85 for the first night and £115 for the second.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel , super location","Ok hotel. nothing out of the ordinary,  very handy for oxford street and the tube, we arrived at 9 30 am and gave our bags to the concierge who looked after them untill check in time, we also did this on checkout day too and returned about 6pm to collect them (this service was free and saved us about £60 on euston locker fees for three bags) buffet breakfast isn't that good and it is exeptionally busy. rooms were clean and tidy, I would use this hotel again mostly because of its location. I hope this helps :)",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"We stayed in the hotel for one night and that was enough. Double room, clean bed, carpets filthy. Very pokey stuffy and noisy! The bed had seen better days, spent the night trying to miss the protruding springs, only one pillow provided for each no extras available should you require them. Bathroom was clean but there were no supply's so don't forget your toiletries and no plug for the bath! Breakfast wasn't good either, not what you would expect from a hotel in our capital city. A full English is not available. The staff however were very good. We went to see a show which was brilliant but the accommodation spoilt what should have been a great weekend. All in all very disappointing.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
5068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Expensive, butlins is better!!","I dont normally complain, i seriously except errors or busy environment, it was my birthday and my fiancee took me away for a special treat to see Les Miserables, we Stayed in Premere inn the night before at fraction of the cost, we received 100#  1st class service, large clean room with large Tv, shower & bath, lovely staff, nothing too much trouble and finished with fantastic breakfast at the restaurant next door! we then travelled into London and booked into The St Giles, instantly it was hot, booking in was easy but not friendly, we found ourselves in a tiny noisy room that had a distinct urine smell although appeared clean! The lighting in the room was awful, I could not see to put my make up on! We had to fight for the lift and although breakfast was booked and paid for it…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
5069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5065-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Room to small,"The bedroom was far to small and the sound proofing is very poor, there is no shaving socket. Room very clean but I would not stay again.when I asked why was there no shaving socket,just a blanking plate where it should have been I was told if you don't like it put it in writing, which is what I am now doing ",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
5070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Averagely adequate,"You get what you pay for in London, and £102 a night including breakfast is pretty cheap. The location is excellent and the staff, bless 'em, do their best to deal with the throngs of worldwide travellers in reception trying to either check in, check out, ask where the nearest tube station is, or why their shower is so small. The queues are slow and tedious, people running everywhere talking at full volume, more resembling the first day of Harrods sale than a hotel reception. It can take 20 minutes to get a lift to your room, well it did me. I must have been shoved out of the way by people from more countries than I've been to in my life, including plenty of Brits!   My room was small but adequate, god job I hadn't got a cat with me I needed to swing, and I needn't have bothered…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for!,If you are looking for a convenient place to stay at a reasonable price in the centre of London look no further! I have been using this hotel most weeks for the last 6 years and have probably stayed in most of the rooms!! Ok the good points - the location is brilliant within 10 mins walk you can be in Covent Garden or Soho in 15 Mayfair. The views from the roof top rooms or indeed anywhere above the 6th floor are stunning although better in rooms on the south or east facing sides. The bar can be great fun particularly after the theatres close. On the other hand many of the rooms could do with a refresh and many of the rooms suffer from plumbing and noise issues. Unless you enjoy the sound of revelry in the early hours try to get a room that is not on Tottenham Court Rd! All in…,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good service at good price!,"I have stayed here many times and whenever in London always stay here, good customer service, good size rooms. Never done breakfast as close by there is a little food cafe which service good food but cheaper. But other than that good location, right next to Oxford Street and We wIll Rock You show and Tottenham Court Road Tube Station.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Stayed her for just one night while crossing over London, Friendly helpful staff, we had a small suite, and executive breakfast. However when we went for breakfast I was asked was I English ? never realized i needed a passport for my own country!! The hotel was very clean, put the bar prices were rather high even,  but it is London.Excellent location 2 mins from Oxford Street. Would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5070-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"nice hotel,really central",A really nice hotel for a short stay.Central for Oxford Street and theatres.Rooms are very small but clean.The italian restaurant serves lovely food and the service is great.Wouldnt recommend for longer than a couple of nights but if it is for a short break then it is perfectly situated.,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,£10 of FREE chips for the casino next door just for staying here!!!!,"Handy location for us, we were surrounded by everything we wanted...the subway, the theatre, shops, pubs, cafes, casino etc Room was fine for one night.  The only 3 bad points were...the room wasn't ready at check-in time, the elevators were really slow, and breakfast was extremely busy/slow.  Handy hints.....you can drop your luggage off/leave your bags here at any time for free so it saves paying to leave them at the train station. Also, you get £10 of free chips at the casino next door if you tell them you are a guest of the hotel!!!!!",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,convenient for the shops and bars,"This is the fourth time I have stayed at this hotel. Its situated just off oxford street so handy for the shops and also ideal if you have booked to see the show We will rock you,  at the Dominion theatre just round the corner. Its also a close to walk to Oxford st ,china town, Leicester square and Soho. The rooms are a little on the small side but ok if you are not planning to stay in your room for long . Hotel staff are efficient and polite, and hotel also has a bar which is busy and open late, so this is handy if you have been to a show and missed last orders.  We didn't have breakfast included but have found several nearby places to eat which are always a nice change to hotel buffet food, however have had breakfast in the past and it was good. The hotel also has a leisure…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with hotel altogether,"Rooms provided  really small, shower like a box, only 1 bath and 1 hand towel provided. Photo's on their website misleading , we went for my son-in-laws birthday first visit to London for him, disappointing for us and for him, dining area like a canteen, breakfast only warm and queues unbelievable. This hotel was not cheap for the 4 of us stayed 2 nights, would not use again.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
5078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location to stay whilst visiting london,"Clean & well decorated room, had a twin room to myself for i was aware that people had commented about small rooms. Room had hanging space,tv, lovely bathroom. The only issue was the breakfast it was an experience i had never had encounted before, many people were queing to access the buffet service. Think we some re-planing this could be improved!!!",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5075-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,1 night stay,"Stayed here for 1 night 8th December , room was ok bit on small size to hotels I've stayed in before. Bathroom was clean but there was only one bath towel and one hand towel for two of us to share. What can I say about breakfast it was like being back at school queuing for cold baked beans hard sausage salty bacon which was also cold sloppy scrambled eggs hard bread rolls and not a slice of toast in sight thank god cafe rouge is 2 mins away. I'd stay again but won't be rushing back there are far better hotels for the same price we paid.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleased with my adequate stay,"I was booked in here as I was in London for work purposes and stayed for 3 nights.  Perhaps this is more of a comparative review but it was MUCH better than the Tavistock Hotel which my organisation used previously but got fed up with the complaints about it.  Other reviewers mention the location which for shopping and the British Museum is ideal.  There are also plenty of local restaurants.  As for the hotel; I asked for a room as high up as possible and was put on the 8th floor in a standard double room.  This was of an adequate size, similar to the London Bridge Hotel (previous reviews).  Usual facilities; flat screen TV, tea tray, hairdrier.  The shower room has no fancy toiletries but does have a couple of large bottles of shower/handwash gel attached to the walls, oh...…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,short break in london,"Stayed at the St Giles hotel just off Tottenham Court Rd for 2 nights, 6th and 7th December. I had a single room which was small but perfectly formed. The hotel was extremely busy all the time, but reception staff were up to the challenge. The location is excellent for all the places we wanted to see, and the hotel bar had a good atmosphere. I would be quite happy to stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No heating froze,Stayes at the St Giles with friends 7th to 9th December. One room was ok but the room I stayed in had no heating and was freezing. There was a small grill under the vanity unit  It was cold to touch. We complained of no heating on Friday night and froze all night. We complained again on the Saturday ang they wrote it down again. By saturday evening I was so cold I run over to Primark and bought thick passion killer pyjamas and went to bed. Its not the first time we stayed there but it will be the last. They couldnt be bothered. No explanation and no heat. Spoiled our weekend.,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
5083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Touristmachine with great location - but needs refurbishment!,"At the corner of Oxford Str/Tottenham Court Rd this hotel is perfect located for London shopping, and still only 5-10 mins walk to London nightlife in Soho, Leicester Sq, Covent Garden etc..  Rooms are very tiny, and the comfort is so so... Beds are hard, ventilation non-existing, and bathroom old and small, but OK. Opening windows works, but prepare for quite heavy noise from traffic and nightlife. Quiet with windows closed. One small closet, TV and boiler for coffee/tea available in the room. 3.party wifi available for a fee. Also there were kind of a sour moisty smell in our room....not a good indication!  Breakfast: Food OK (full english++), but the diningroom is heavily undersized, so always crowded and caotic!   Only 4 small and slow elevators in a 12 floor hotel with…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5080-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Superb Location,"I stayed at the St Giles hotel when I was in London early December 2012 for my holidays. I booked a twin bed room with an attached bath which was clean, comfortable but small.  My package came with the English breakfast and the buffet spread was commendable for the price that I have paid. The hotel is surrounded by many good boutiques and Sainsburys supermart across the road. Its is walking distance from the famours Bond Street and Regent Street where all the big names like TopMan, HMV, H&M are located.  The hotel is a throw stone away from West End and I could conveniently catch as many musicals as possible during my short stay. Strongly recommended for travellers with a short stay and would spend time to shop and catch a musical.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,two nights,stayed on the 6 and 7 of november after looking at many hotels on different websites this worked out to be the best value for the location.it is a very busy bustling hotel with people checking in and out all the time although on the whole the staff cope very well.on our first night it rained so we stayed in the hotel bar which was very lively and the service was very good.overall this hotel is ideal for a short break for value and location,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stinking,"During my stay at this crap hotel, I went to Sainsburys that night just to buy Airwick spray to help my breathing as the level of stink in the room was incredible!! Honestly, the smell of the room was stinky. I'd say we are humans, can't sleep or eat in a place like this!! it should be rated as 1 star or even worse!",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
5087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,worth the upgrade,we have just returned from a weekend break in londonwe stayed at the st giles hotel. having read some previous reviews we decided to upgrade to an executive double. we were given a  rooftop room which cost an extra 120 pounds for three nights. money well spent. the room was spacious with magnificent views over london .we were also able to eat breakfast in the executive dining room on saturday and sunday thus avoiding the crush. the service here was first class. the hotel itsself is so very well placed being only two minutes walk from oxford street and tottenham court road tube making it easy to get to shops as well as all london attractions. all in all a very agreeable weekend. we would have no hesitation to using this hotel on our next visit to london,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for central London,"Stayed here for a couple of nights Bed and Breakfast.  Rooms very good (ask for a high floor) we could see Big Ben and London Eye from our window.  Very central and right by Oxford Street.  Been here before and they seem to be better organised than last year.  Only downside is the scrabble for buffet breakfast in the morning - suggest you go early to breakfast, as after 8.30am there is a long queue to the small dining room",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5085-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good central tourist hotel nr Tott Ct Rd, Oxfd St, Soho, London","We stayed in this hotel in November, having found it fairly late-only 8 days beforehand at a good price for 'half term' time. It's v large  hotel on about 10/12 floors. Ask for a refurbished room as they are immaculate. We discovered this from reading reviews! And if poss, ask for a room not overlooking the Tottenham court rd. but one instead on the side of the hotel (Therein a good night's sleep lies!) The staff are most friendly and helpful It is in a great central location, right near bus stops and tube station. Breakfasts are plentiful ,largely self service- some queuing involved in s-service and as there are three grades of breakfast service available, do check out which brek is inclusive with your room package. We didn't realise till afterwards  that we had paid for…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"The perfect location. A short walk onto Oxford street. Tottenham court tube station around the corner. The hotel room was small, clean and tidy and the staff was all very friendly. Hotel very busy,only a few lifts for the whole hotel. An OK breakfast, very busy and didn't do toast. Used the leisure centre below the hotel, cost £5 which was good value for the gym,sauna, steamroom and swimming pool. Nice hotel if staying for a few nights but nothing fancy. Location the main advantage.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,small but cosy,"we spent two days for xmas shopping at st giles, very convienent, oxford street two minutes away, covent garden 10 minues walk away and it is right in the middle of theatre land.a bus stop is at the end of the road so if you dont want to tube its there.Our room was a twin with coffee to go very small but clean modern with a safe, shower and bath, we only sleep there so space was not an issue, but any longer than two days might get a bit small as no wardrobe only hanging space for 10 items, tea and coffee and kettle but no biccies, we were in 374 in the side of building so no noise from street. coffee to go was great a tea/coffee/pastry cheese roll/piece of fruit if wanted and all staff were very helpful and kind. would stay again but only for short stays. did not eat in any of…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location,location, location !!!","Thanks it´s perfect location St. Giles is good choice for  some nights during your tourist / shopping visit of London when you do not intend to spent lot of time in the hotel. Rooms are small but clean, you can prepare your coffee or tea in the room but there is not free wifi connection. Twoo main problems : 1) breakfast - do not book it it when you do not want to stand in the long queue every morning. The breakfast area does not correspond to the hotel size and is equipped like a school canteen. The food is not so bad but nothing special. 2)Lifts - the same as breakfast room, not sufficient for the number of people, you have to wait very long time and also the stairs are overcrowded so to use it with your luggage is nearly impossible. Keep it in mind by your check-out and…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location - but not very modern,"Hotel is perfectly located in the heart of London. Close to everything and perfect if you want to spend your money shopping.   The rooms show signs of age/not very modern. Got a very small room with a narrow bed, and with hardly any space around the bed. The bathroom however was great - and the cleaning was very good. Noisy when window was open, try to get a room in the back yard.   The location is the great - a 1-minute walk from Oxford Street and Tottenham station - perfect if you want to spend your time shopping in Oxford street and Regent Street. Buy the Oister-card at the airport for public transport - we spent less than 15 pounds on travel from/to airport Heathrow and around London on the double-deckers, and got 5 pounds in return at Heathrow when we delivered the…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5090-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"I never expect much from a Hotel in Central London, but was very pleassantly surprised!  Good sized room (although tiny shower room), spotlessly clean, none of the queues either at check in or for lifts.  Location is superb, a 2 minute walk from Oxford Street (and the Christmas lights are very pretty this year).  Staff very pleasant and helpful.....everything I needed for a pleasant overnight work trip, and all at a very reasonable late for December in Central London.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,BEWARE!! This hotel charges twice!!,General warning to everyone regarding this hotel!! Booked in October for December stay. Booked online. Received ONE confirmation email to say room is booked. Week later I went to the shop and card my was rejected. Looked on my account. Transaction had been taken out my account not once but TWICE!! Phoned the hotel. They told me to ring back Monday. Phoned back monday. The guy on phone reassured me that the money will be in my account within 2-4 weeks!! I waited over a month. Checks account. Money still not in! Phoned back this morning. Spoke to female accounts manager who was very rude as if I'm in the wrong!! Told me she would speak to a colleague before getting back to me. Still no phone call so I phoned my bank who is doing an investigation!! I am really not looking forward…,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
5096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location clean and comfortable with no frills.,"Stayed in the st Giles hotel in November when we were there for a couple of nights. A friend had said she had stayed there. The location is excellent and handy for theatres Convent Garden and there is a tube just round the corner. The hotel is very busy and we were booked in on a bed and coffee to go basis which turned out well as tge queues for breakfast were quite long. The coffee to go is either s coffee or tea, a pastry and a piece of fruit which we found to be perfectly adequate. You go to tge upstairs lounge and you pick what you want then you can sit in the lounge to eat it. The rooms were clean and adequate. Very busy hotel being central London and there are no frills here but we were not expecting any. ",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Distinctly average - definitely no frills!,"Location is perfect for shopping - literally a stone's throw away from Tottenham Court Road. As for the rooms, we paid extra for a ""deluxe"" double. The best I can say about it was that it was clean and comfortable. Not sure exactly what qualifies as ""deluxe"" in their classification! To me, this was on par with a Travelodge anywhere else in the country, only difference being that you got to pay London prices here! I called down to reception to ask for an ice bucket and 2 champagne glasses. On first attempt, the call connected and I was told ""I'll have them brough to your room madam"", before I'd even spoken to anyone! When I asked what they were bringing up, I was put on hold then disconnected. On the second attempt I was told ""we don't do room service"" and that I would have to go…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average,"We stayed here for a night in September, it's okay if you want a central base but otherwise I wouldn't stay again at all. Rooms are tiny, dull and basic. Forget about the breakfast, very disappointing! The restaurant is more like a school canteen - don't bother paying the extra its honestly not worth it!",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5095-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is everything,"I stayed here 3 days in a single room - although the room/bathroom was very small, it was o.k. and clean. After all you are in London to do shopping, sightseeing etc. The hotel was very busy - sometimes a long waiting time for the elevator .... the breakfast was not that delicious but basic. I would stay there again because of the location.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,East access to London,"This hotel is brilliant if you just want to get your head down on a visit to London or Heathrow. It is right opposite Feltham station and on the end of the main high street.Parking is only £7.00 a night. So you can park up, check in and be in Waterloo station half hour later. Don't bother with breakfast because there's a Wetherspoons 2 mins away on the high street and a Macdonald's opposite. The rooms are basic but warm and clean. We arrived at 10am and checked in only to secure our rooms, but the 2 rooms were ready. We dumped our bags and jumped on a train 5 minutes later. We were in the West End by 11am. Amazing. Feltham can be a bit noisy and we could hear the trains. But great for a basic, cheap stay near London.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
5101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location close to theatres,"Booked this hotel with a hotel and theatre package, ideally placed for most of the theatres.  Rooms as stated are very small but clean and pleasant  Bar in hotel very good when we returned from our evening  Breakfast included in price and cannot complain good choice and hot",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,19-26/12,I've booked this hotel for 7 days with my sister after a good friend of mine recommend it as nice centeral hotel right next to Oxford st'  Well I got nice  twin bed room small but good on the sixth floor nice size bathroom in the morning the meal was allright good selection of things to eat . The hotel is in great location and the stuff are nice and friendly  I could ask more for that price I honestly recommend it .,None,4.0
5103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central spot, comfy but smelly room","When you need to stay central in London, St Giles offers a great positon close to Oxford Circus and on the corner of Tottenham Court Road. Check in was torture. First the room was ready, then when I raised a query it suddenly wasn't. Staff take a while to 'warm up' in the friendly stakes, am sure it because they are the front line for flak, but come on, we're not all ogres. Finally got the room, on the 9th floor. Tiny room but all you need with a narrow dressing area and a caravan bathroom. Two windows, one overlooking TCR the other out the back. The room smelled strongly of stale damp towels, pseudomonas. Eugh, couldn't get it out of my head. No fan in the bathroom probably didn't help. Noisy night, can hear upstairs clearly and even though high up, the street noise was…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5100-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location and ok rooms, that is all!","I spend at least 2/3 nights in this hotel a year for business and lets just say it seems to get worse.   It is an ideal location if your looking to be centrally based (2 minutes from tottenham court road station) and some of the rooms are quite comfortable but in terms of service that is where it lacks improvement on.   For instance in the morning you can wait up to 30 mins or more for a cooked breakfast and there are always queues in the hotel lobby when you check in.   The price for this hotel is £140 per night and keeps rising but the service keeps dropping.  I guess finding a half decent hotel in central London is a continuing challenge and the cost is a reflection of being a centrally located a hotel. However service is something that I 100% feel they could improve on,",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location for tourism, otherwise don't go","I stayed here on business for one night when our usual hotel choices were unavailable. You really cannot fault the location right at the corner of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road. You are right there with the shops, nightlife, everything. To be staying next door to the Dominion Theatre is fantastic. Check out the buzzing restaurant scene behind nearby Goodge Street station.  Beyond that fabulous location I am afraid there is little to recommend it. You expect rooms to be small in central London but these managed to be depressing and scraggy as well. No bathtub just a shower and by sod's law I just happened to feel like a nice long soak in the bath that evening. Slightly wonky TV and Soviet-style central heating system that was impossible to switch off. The room was very…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,shoe box room,"room very very small, the bathroom was tiny ... was clean etc but nothing else to recommend it ...breakfast poor ... like being in my works canteen ...  was a bit noisy but this is London so expected to a certain degree",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location,"My sister and I stayed here for 4 nights in November. Had stayed here before so knew it was located centrally and perfect for sight seeing.  Rooms are small but sure we didn't spend that much time in them anyway as we were out all day. They were very clean and well maintained. My only negative about the room was you could hear people above you (especially when they were using the toilet and flushing the chain, which they seemed to do alot of during the night - not the hotels fault I know but still).  All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel for those on a city break to London",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very central,"Stayed in this hotel last tues and Wednesday night with a group of girls, really enjoyed our stay, lovely staff , clean rooms and so central to everything , sure will be returning very soon, well done to all the staff ",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5105-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,jaded tiny rooms,Started off in room 121. You need to be fairly slender to get into the shower it's a squeeze past the loo. The mattress springs had gone so requested a replacement mattress. This was not rectified and reception suggested I changed rooms. Replacement room not much better. I will not be returning. Better off in a premier inn or travelodge,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
5110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just a walk from most places of interest,"The location and reasonable price is the really big plus point for this hotel. It is a big hotel but manages it well with quick check in and plenty of lifts available to the various floors. I have stayed here twice, the first time the room was very nice, this time the room was perfectly ok but looking a bit tired. I suppose there is an ongoing room refurbishment plan, so if you are lucky you get one that has just been freshly done. The rooms have everything you need. There are couple of places to eat in the hotel and a friendly bar. All the staff were very helpfull and friendly. Don,t be put of by the breakfast room if when you go in it looks real busy, there is plenty of selection and any queues go down quickly, there are plenty of tables and the staff are very efficiant, I…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value,"Stayed here twice in the past two weeks with work. It's a very big hotel that for a relatively cheap price makes a fairly grand statement.   Staff allowed us to check in at half 11 (rather than 2pm) because the rooms were ready which was fantastic!!! Many other hotels refuse to do this regardless of availability.   Check in was fast and efficient with lots of pleasant staff to keep the queue down.  Lots of lifts to the rooms.   Rooms themselves are fairly basic, though are very clean, comfortable and have everything you need. Beds were very comfortable as we're the pillows and duvets.    Breakfast is very impressive for such a standard hotel - cooked breakfasts are buffet style and were scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, beans and hash browns.   There was also continental breakfast…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"huge hotel, good location, old rooms","the location is good, in the middle of everything, but the rooms are terrible, old, dont look clean, i didnt sleep well. it is a factory. concierge service is not bad. they have a pub downstairs. but again, the rooms are terrible.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
5113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location..Everything you need,"Stayed last Christmas for two nights, it couldn't of been a better location for our show.. Winter Wonderland and shopping all over London..had meal in Covent Garden, which didn't realise was so close, had a lovely breakfast each morning to get us going, room was just what we needed a bed to crash in, clean bathroom & stocked up fridge & very helpful & friendly staff. We are coming back Feb 2013 to see Viva Forever!!",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5110-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect situated hotel,"Hotel is easy to find, the walking distance to Oxfordstreet is 2 minutes, and to leicester square 10 minutes. The rooms are small, the bathroom could be renovated. The breakfast is ok, but very busy on sunday.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, decent hotel","Ok, so it isn't the lap of luxury and you don't get oceans of space, but... The location couldn't be better and if you are going to see We Will Rock You, you have a 1 minute walk. Same for a main tube station and Oxford street. Tick that box. Everything was clean and tidy, the shower was adequate, staff were helpful and cheerful enough. Breakfast was edible. No real negatives. It is what it is. A good hotel that doesn't need to be any better in an EXCELLENT location at an affordable price. Would certainly not tell people to avoid...",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Please read this before you stay,"I stayed for 1 night in November, and was given a single room 262.( dont stay in this room) The noise from the heating ( water) system coming from behind the radiator was terrible, it kept me awake most of the night. the sound resembled  a toilet constantly flushing. The room was very small,very clean, the bed linen was new. The room cost was £99, which for central london is really cheap. The location was excellent, across the road from the underground, central line. Reception was fast, although i suspect it gets very busy, as there are designated rows to queue at to the reception desk. As previous reviewers, this is not the Ritz, you get what you pay for. If you do stay at the hotel, check that there is no background noise in your room from the pipework, or better still, be…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value for money,Stayed here two nights in November.  Stayed with friend at a cost of just £99 per person for the whole stay.  Did not use the facilities so cannot comment upon those but the room was pleasant and clean.  Room a little too warm at night.  Think it had underfloor heating as could not see any radiators.  Hotel was central London and no more than 10 mins on the tube to all the usual sightseeing attractions.   Lots of places to eat near to the hotel.  I have recommended this hotel to my daughter who is due to visit London in a few weeks.  I would certainly book here again.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What a dump!,"Really disappointed with my stay, the room was really basic, shabby and there was a really strong smell of damp. Breakfast looked nice, if you are prepared to join a queue of about 20 people. If you want a cheap hotel in London, don't stay here, stay a little bit further away from the centre.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
5119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5115-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,As ever...,As ever ... By and large you get what you pay for.  Very central location and reasonably priced ... So its not the Ritz ... You want the Ritz ... Stay at the ritz!!!  Very good staff as well.  It more than met my expectations.,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Place - Try it!,"Just returned from a two night stay. For the price I paid for a hotel in the central part of London it was excellent! I was sceptical reading the other reports on here BUT was presently surprised. All I would say to those on here who have given a negative review pay that extra and get a Hotel that suits your needs!! Some comments state it was noisy! for goodness sake its in the CENTRE of London!!! So an honest review: a superb location, yes it is a busy hotel (if it is that poor why is it so popular), room yes small, but ample, breakfast is busy, but always found a seat, food is good and ample (alright no toast lol). Very clean hotel and the reception and concierge excellent, yes at times can be busy but at one point they had 8 staff dealing with booking in/out, quickly dealing…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Poor breakfast, wi fi very expensive","I visited this hotel. I took a double bad, room quite small but was ok. The breakfast was not good. The bread was not fresh. scramble eggs very oily.  was not worth it. Their wi fi belongs to a company called IBHAN, which has nothing to do with the hotel, they charge 45p for a week , or 10p  a day. I took it for a week, and they charged me 90p. Now my credit card company is dealing with them. You can use the wi fi only in your room , not downstairs, On second thought I should have taken a better hotel with a free wi fi, and  it would cost me the same. I would not have this aggrivation.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good budget hotel,"Just got back from a three night stay at the st giles. If your looking for a bit of class then this is not the hotel for you, it is basic but does provide all you need and to be fair probably worth what we paid. The rooms are small (especially the bathrooms) but they are clean and have t.vs and tea and coffee making facilities.  Breakfast was a bit like being in a school canteen to be honest but a good choice on offer, staff were always cheerfull and very helpful but yes you do have to wait a while for the lifts sometimes. Bit of a pain getting a wheelchair to the breakfast room (have to use the staff lift which unfortunately didn't stop on our floor, so it was a case of going down in the public lift to go back up in the staff lift ) but as I said staff were very helpful. Great…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Centrally located Hotel...Great Disabled facilities!,"We stayed here as part of a large party for 2 nights, 16th-18th November 2012, We had already asked for a disabled room, so knew We were getting one, the Hotel is in a really good position, situated just off Tottenham court road, which is adjacent to Oxford st. and near to the tube station, but We never used the Tube. There is flat access into the Hotel, and in the foyer there is a disabled wheelchair lift up to reception, from there there are 4 lifts  (quite busy) We were given room 232  it was quite noisy outside the room as it was quite near the lifts (lift noise and people going past with suitcases). The room was quite small but had easy access up to the bed, there was tea/coffee making facilities and also a small fridge, both the room and rest of the Hotel were…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5120-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Facilities insufficient,I stayed here on business.  I chose it for the location which is very central and is good value for the money.  But the facilities of the hotel are just insufficient for the number of rooms.  There was a constant wait for the elevator along with the front desk.  It's always not good to see guide rails at the reception.  It means they expect people to be waiting. The rooms were very much on the small side.  We had trouble opening all of our bags. I extended our stay with a night purchased on bookin.com which they failed to process.  Perhaps next time I will pay more for a better hotel in the area.,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient central location.,"Easy access with a tube station 50m away, check in was quick enough, we asked for a late check out which we were told would be charged at £10 per hour after 12 midday which we thought was reasonable it was even better when at checkout they waived this charge meaning we got a hotel room slap bang in the centre of London for less than £100, it had everything we needed. Yes it was small but it was in the centre of London, yes it was a little noisy especially with the window open but it was in the centre of London. If you're looking for a central London hotel you could do a lot worse!!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fine for a mini-break,"I had no problem with my stay at this hotel for a two night theatre break. Twin room was a fair size although very small bathroom. The most important thing was that it was clean. Yes beds were not comfortable but I could put up with it for two nights.  Excellent location . Breakfast was ok , usual continental ,  didn't try the cooked part of it. We were able to store our luggage after checking out for as long as we wanted but there was no charge. [ perhaps those who were charged were staying during the Olympics?] Room was on Bedford Avenue and there was people noise rather than traffic noise. If you are a light sleeper then take earplugs. Would stay there again if visiting for two or three days.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location....","I have just come back from this hotel where I stayed for 2 nights with my sister. I was scared to come in because I read all the reviews, however it was nice. The hotel is very big, but , during our stary, not to crowded. Ideal for some days in the centre of London, for those who use the hotel just for sleeping and with the tube station at some feet distance! There's no curtain in the room but a venetian blind and some light can enter and also some noise cause there is no insonorisation.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just London Theatre Break,"Just returned from a - just london theatre break. St giles Hotel, one night stay and the Bodyguard the Musical show at the Adelphi theatre. WoW - the whole experience went without a hitch. Hotel was clean, room a little small, shower tiny but like I said Clean. Staff very friendly. Breakfast was advertised as continental breakfast but there was a choice of continental and english. Breakfast served between 6.30am - 10.30am - get there early to beat the queues. will be staying again without a doubt :-)",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5125-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location still hanging on to it's hostel roots,Service ok rooms small and fairly clean but lingering smell of cigarettes and  old room. Hair drier antiquated and not worth using as no on and off switch and only turns off after several attempts to put it back to the point of a burning smell coming from the unit! Breakfast adequate but very basic. Tried the Japanese restaurant after reading great reviews on trip advisor where it was described as a hidden gem. I would be happy for it to stay hidden as anybody with a love of decent Japanese food will be sorely disappointed. If your looking for hostel accommodation and dont mind paying over the odds for the experience of roughing it in London then st Giles is just the place. If you want to stay 2 star or above you need to look elsewhere.  ,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
5130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Don't expect too much, good location, but that's about it..","First impressions were good looking through the doors, consierge service, well staffed reception, very busy comings and goings through the doors. First impression of the room was very crampt, double bed barely big enough for one large person to spread out in, dirty grubby looking shower, mould in the grout and various holes where previous things had been screwed then removed from the walls without even being filled back in..just a general feel of grubbiness. You get what you pay for here; if you want a cheap, centrally located london overnight stay and you're on a tight budget this will probably appeal, but if you want to stay more than one night and want a quiet relaxing bit of luxury then don't bother.  I'd barely been in situ about an hour, just relaxing watching TV after…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
5131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, decent value","Hugely busy hotel reception, like a queue at the Post Office. Room was immaculately clean, as was bathroom, very small, and pretty basic. But everything I needed for a one-stay stay. It's right near the British Museum & some nice places to eat (including good greasy spoon just round the corner for good value cooked breakfast). 15 mins easy walk to Euston. It was great value for money for the centre of London. Could have done with a curtain mind you - the blind wasn't very effective at keeping the blue neon light out of our room. Take a sleep mask.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good price for excellent location,"I used to stay at this hotel every time I came to London (2000-2006) for two reasons: good location (close to my HQ at Spring Gardens and close to City Centre) and good value for money for this location. As far as I am not mistaken, I was paying about GBP 65 per standard room. The room itself was too small and had only bed, working desk, shower and small TV. But what would you need for this money in the centre of London? I was just coming there to sleep and have breakfast, which was really good. The staff is very welcome and helpful.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,This hotel is great value for money and in an excellent location! The hotel is fantasic for shopping on Oxford Street and the tube station is only around the corner! The rooms are clean and comfortable and the service is great! I will certainly be returning!,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5130-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Probably OK - Budget Hotel,"Our room at the St. Giles Hotel had the worst bed we've ever slept on - very lumpy. Avoid Room 609! I didn't complain and request a change of rooms, so shame on me.  Now that I've vented on that, the hotel was not too bad and is probably OK for the budget traveller. The room was adequate, and everything worked, but it was certainly nothing fancy.  Breakfast was expensive, but there was a good selection and was reasonably well prepared. Long lines at peak times, though, so be prepared to wait.  The location is very good - very close to the Tottenham Court Road underground station and very close to the theatres. The British Museum is just a few blocks away. The St. Pancras rail station is just a short taxi ride away.  There were several reasonable restaurants close by as well as…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for your shopping and getting around in the evening.,"My husband and I stayed at the St.Giles for five nights at the end of September. It was just round the corner from the tube station so didn't have to walk much with our luggage on arriving from the airport.  We arrived at around midday and where given our room key immediately although check in was supposed to be at 14.00.  This gave us plenty of time to go around and check out our surroundings.  The room was small but quite comfortable with an en-suite bathroom and tv and kettle with coffee for our use (came quite handy when we returned from a long day to sip a cup of coffee and relax on the bed)  Breakfast was a choice of the traditional English breakfast, yogurts, fruit, cereal, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, warm milk and if you make the right choices you don't have to have an…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"We have just returned from a 3 night break.  We have also stayed here before about 4 years ago.  The location is brilliant just around the corner from tube station, Oxford Street and the theatres.  The hotel is very clean, the rooms are basic but adequate.  We were not bothered about the facilities as such as we were all about the location! We only spent minimum time in the hotel and we cannot fault it.  Having said that the breakfasts are to be honest dire, the experience isnt a good one, total chaos, but we only had one and went out to eat on the 2 other mornings. We did try the Italian restaurant for lunch twice and it was very nice.  The bar was also pleasant for a nightcap.  We love this hotel because of the area and are planning on staying here again next year.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Transport Cafe Feel and Food at Breakfast (with queues),"Stayed here over night when going to the theatre as its one of the nearest Hotels to Theatre Land, I will not be staying here again. The main reason was the breakfast, very little choice on the hot side only scrambled eggs and they were not very good, the sausages looked like cheap supermarket sausages and they were, absolutely awful. The only other hot offering to go with it was Beans, Bacon (Bacon was ok) and hash browns. The Breakfast area has feel of a transport café from the early 80s and the queue when we left was out of the door. It has the location agreed but its poor value overall. My own fault I booked it quick and did not read up on it.  Do yourself a favour and stretch to the Russell Hotel, the Breakfast and surroundings are tremendous.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
5138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel Great Location,"We stayed for two nights, the hotel is excellently located, walking distance from Oxford St, Leicester Sq, Piccadilly Circus and all the Theatres. The room was small but very clean with tea and coffee making facilties, hairdryer and a safe. There are three Restaurants on site, we didnt eat there but did have a drink in the Lazy Dog Bar which opens late. There is also a health club with a pool with discounted rates for people staying. The staff were friendly and helpful. We had a great time we will use the Hotel everytime we stay in London now.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5135-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,It's All About Location!,"Now if you're looking for The Ritz move on and pay their prices. St Giles is not the best hotel I've stayed at (neither is it the worst) but considering it's central location there's not a lot to rival it at this price. I've stayed here several times now and yes the hotel is dated, breakfast reminds you a little of school dinners but the basics are there. Rooms are clean with flat screen TV, tea/coffee, safe, en suite shower room and a reasonably comfortable bed. There's also been some improvement of late with updated en suites and refurbed corridors. Some of the higher floors also offer great views across the capital though if you're this central, get out and enjoy it, don't just admire the view from your room! Breakfast as I mentioned earlier is canteen style and at times very…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,trip to london,several times we have stayed at this hotel as its such a delight. Its ideal position for anywhere in london the rooms are spotless and the food is amazing. I love the little bar at the bottom its quite lively and serves great snax too beers not bad either. The swimming pool is nice just like the whole hotel im accually going there in dec for business in london and booked in by work and much looking forward to it,Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
5141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location at ok price,"Was more than a bit worried about having booked this hotel after reading some reviews on here, however I needn't have been concerned as it fitted the bill perfectly.  I had wanted somewhere that was central, but not too far from Euston station (took a taxi to and from the hotel, £6 each way).  I was going to a gig in Soho and wanted to be able to walk back to the hotel easily afterwards, and again this worked out well.  Takes about 5-10 mins to get to Soho, Bloomsbury and 15 mins to Covent Garden, so this hotel is excellently situated.  I cannot lie that some parts of the hotel are slightly old fashioned and jaded.  However complaints on here about the lifts were not something I had to experience (and we were on the 10th floor!).  All of the staff I encountered were very…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"We stayed at this Hotel at the end of October with our Grandson.  We were supposedly in a ""Family Room"". A good job we did not take the cat. Hardly big enough for two never mind three. A good breakfast, but get down before 8am if you want a seat and don't want to be in a very long queue.The Hotel put signs up about this , so its not us being picky. However the Hotel was clean and could not be better situated for all you need to see in London  Regards Alan, Jean & Seb",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Grim,"It was with trepidation that I entered the hotel having read other trip advisor reviews. The reception area was rather surprising and was bright and attractive and well organised. It all went down hill when I took the lift to my 2nd floor room. Oh boy this place is as close to what I imagine prison is like; long, uncarpeted corridors, rooms packed in beside each other. My room was small, 2 single beds and unattractive fitted wardrobes. One of the beds had a blood stain on the sheet. Pillows were woeful, covers smelt stale and beds seemed incredibly small, even for me who's only 5ft 2! No curtains on window, just Venetian blinds that didn't close properly. Bathroom was small but clean although 'shower gel' was no more than water in a bottle.  Breakfast continued the grim theme,…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
5144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5140-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We have previously used this hotel for an over night stay as its so convenient and central,we did not use the leisure facilities but we did eat in the ""il gusto"" Italian hotel restaurant which was lovely and the 2 waitresses were very friendly and really looked after us. The bedroom was clean and well equipped,I did this time phone through before and request a quieter room and was well worth it, as on our last visit it was extremely noisy as we had a room over facing the main road.We would return as its a clean and well located hotel.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Total nightmare! Stay away.,"I stayed at St Giles hotel from 2-5th of november 2012. The day we checked out I was feeling ill. I checked out at 0930 and we left our bags for the day. We came back at 14 because I was to ill to be out, I felt dizzy had a  fever and needed to lie down for about 2 hours before my flight back home. I asked at the concierges desk if there was anywhere I could rest and got the answer: ""No, you can go to the lounge!!"" and then I asked at the reception for a place to lie down for the 2 hours and got the same answer. After 5 minutes of arguing I got the ""offer"" to pay 50 GBP to use a room for 2 hours. Is that how you treat your customers? Where is the human sympathy gone at your hotel? I am NEVER GOING BACK and I hope that you stay away from this hotel. The whole place feels like a…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
5146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but Cosy!,"A great location, within 2 mins of Soho and the west end. Fairly busy little place on check in, we got upgraded to an Executive suite  FOC so no complaints there then!!  I'm glad we had the extra space because the rooms were pretty tight to say the least! Nice views on the 6th floor though. I would recommend using the stairs as the lift had a habit of stopping on every floor going up and down! Breakfast was ok, although it did take a while to cook it and the restaurant was not that busy. Usual continental with a choice of full english. We only got this option as we had been ""upgraded"", I poked my head into the ""normal breakfast room which looked pretty sad! Overall good value, clean quite rooms, hot showers, comfy beds and ok food.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good city hotel,"Good, central hotel for a visit to London. We booked a suite to accomodate our daughter (6) in the room as well. The room was clean and our daughter slept on the comfortable sofa bed. To our surprise there was an executive breakfast included in the deal (separate from the ""normal"" breakfast offering). This was very good with cold and cooked breakfast options in a nice relaxed area.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
5148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Extremely small rooms,"- extremely small rooms with very few/noen opportunities to store your belongings in the room, but very nice with a (free) safe in the room - large hotell with very many rooms = very many guests - feels like queuing all the time during the stay : queuing for check-in, queuing for the lifts, queuing in the steps, queuing for breakfast, queuing during breakfast, queuing to check-out, queuing and paying for storing luggage after check-out - must pay £1 pr kolli for store luggage after check-out - no good value for money; you pay for the location - which is perfect if your goal is entertainment and shopping in the Tottenham Court- area :)",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
5149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5145-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Centrally located hotel, ideal for the West End.","Situated in a wonderful central position just of Tottenham Court Road and opposite  Tottenham Court Road tube station, this pleasant and comfortable hotel is an ideal base for visitors to the West End theatres, Covent Garden, The British Museum etc. The rooms like all central London hotels are on the small side, but perfectly adequate. The buffet breakfast is of a good standard, but gets a little crowded at peak times. We have stayed here a few times and the small extra cost of a more central hotel, is more than compensated for, by the saving in taxi and underground fares.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,"Brilliant hotel just the right position for shows ,buses , taxis  and trains .Breakfast self service but very good and hot well worth the stay.I am disabled and they staff are very helpful  I will stay here again ,in the near future I loved it.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Dump,"I sent in a review of this hotel before as they refused to refund after a mistake in booking, they came up on a web site whilst looking for a hotel in London....what a mistake.. the room was dirty, and even though it was a single room I booked it was so small I couldn't believe it.  The room key had several tries at working had to get someone from reception up at the 3rd try!!  The breakfast was awful, what kind of hotel doesn't have toast or fried egg??? even cheap travel lodges have them, the food was lukewarm and tasteless I would never stay again and would never recommend to anyone even on location, one woman at the lift says she spent 20 mins looking for her room!! the signs were not helpful or easy to understand.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
5152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value,The single room was very small but adequate for my needs.  It was clean & quiet.  The hotel is in a very central location for West End shopping and the nightlife in Soho. The underground is close by and convenient for trips to most tourist attractions,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for,Stay here if you want a great location. Food and shoping just around th corner. The front desk staff are not too serviceminded. The concierge staff are great. Clean rooms but small. Expensive an slow wifi so dont pay for that.,Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5150-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,AMAZING!!!,"I stayed here for two nights with my sister for a little shopping trip, this hotels location is AMAZING!!! PERFECT for shopping, sooooooo close to Oxford street!! The staff were amazing and very friendly our room was ready on arrival even though we were very early!!  Room was perfect size for two people sharing and was very clean, cant recommend this hotel any higer, perfect location for shopping, sigtseeing and west end shows.  Thanks for an amzing trip and we will be back same time next year for sure :):)",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient but very busy hotel,"We stayed in this hotel for  nights and found it to be a very convenient location for the London shops but the hotel was very busy consequently, we often had to wait a long time for the lifts and I had to queue for a very busy breakfast room. Also, the noise from the traffic outside was noticeable from the very busy Tottenham Court Road when in the bedroom. I guess for its location the rooms are very reasonably priced but I would prefer to stay in a quieter location with a hotel that is less busy even if it was slightly more money. Our room was quite small and for a couple of nights this was ok. Having said this, the bed was comfortable.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel for any reason other than a cheap price if you can get it. We used our Avios (air miles) points to book this…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for location,"Central location, what you would expect from a large hotel, room was small, had a twin. Service was slow, reported broken kettle three times and took over a day to get it sorted.  Not sure that I would stay again as would probably try another central one for comparison. The concierge desk is very helpful, would sake there rather than reception.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is perfect for shoppers, right near Oxford st and not to far from all the night life. Room was basic but had all you need, restaurants in hotel don't live up to expectations, didn't eat there. Breakfast was ok but was like a very busy canteen. Would stay again for location.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Hotel,"My daughter and I stayed here this week for one night while visiting london to see a show. First impressions of the hotel were very good, very central location just off Oxford Street. The staff were extremely helpful, friendly and professional and check in was very quick. I had booked a twin room and we were allocated a room on the 8th floor near to the lifts. The room was small but clean and functional and the beds were comfortable. If you require a hotel without noise then this is not the hotel for you because there was lots of outside noise late into the night with sirens and night-time revellers, however this was not a problem to us as it is expected when in a busy city. The only slight negative point I have is the fact that there are four lifts but they took an absolute age…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5155-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"If you need quiet to sleep, forget here.","Location is very good for access to lots of site seeing venues, less than 5 mins from tube station. Check in was quick and uncomplicated. We were allocated a corner room in the West tower. Small room but functional. Corner window kept out the draught and that's it. No curtains only  Venetian blinds which let the sun through as soon as it was coming up. Bin lorries empty glass recycling bins every morning. You can here noise from every room above, below next door and from corridors, also the streets.  Breakfast not worth £10 each. Poor choice, orange juice was disgusting. Worst sausages I have ever tasted. Microwaved scrambled egg yuk. Tasteless coffee to boot.  Bar drinks expensive but hey ho this is London! Would look elsewhere if we came back to London.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Big and very central,"If you like Soho and / or Oxford street - this is a good, fairly priced hotel to stay in. It is a factory of a hotel, but an OK resting place. The internet is expensive (nothing included) and the rooms are small, but nothing to complain about if you are not really staying in the hotel anyway except to sleep and drop off luggage and shopping.  So - nothing really to complain about, but nothing to praise either.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value and convenient.,Stayed here for a reunion with two brothers and two brother in laws. The single room was small but adequate. The breakfast was like eating in a cafeteria. It was busy but a good selection and plenty of it. The location is ideal for being in central London. All the staff were friendly and helpful plus you can leave your bag with the concierge for £1 whilst you are in London before travelling on. Would be happy to stay there again. Booked through Trivargo.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenientmy located basic hotel,"I stayed in St Giles as part of a Thomson Sport NFL package. The hotel is located right by the Tottenham Court Road underground station. So it's a great base for exploring London. The downside of this location is that the area is busy and noisy. The windows cancel out most of the noise, but for light sleepers ear plugs might be necesarry.   The staff were efficient and friendly. I noticed that some reviewers complain about busy lifts. We had a room on the 7th floor and always managed to get a lift in under 5 minutes.  Our room was basic, but clean. From the pictures on here I saw that some bathrooms are new and sleek. Out bathroom was rather dated and small, but it didn't bother me. The breakfast consists of a combination of a continental and English breakfast. Don't expect a…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, reasonably priced and great location.","Room was ideal for what we wanted, very wide choice of breakfast and plenty of it. A busy hotel so there will be busy times for breakfast if everybody is to come at the same time, but breakfast is served for long enough and starts early if you want to miss the rush. Pleasant staff always willing to help. Pleasant and enjoyable experience will definitely be back. Thank you to everybody.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5160-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very adequate,"Stayed here for two nights whilst on a course in central London. Firstly location is excellent - you're 50m from Tottenham Court Road underground station, and that's on the corner of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road for shopping. Many theatres are within a few minutes walk, and the British Museum is 5 minutes away. Even the Thames is a half hour walk away if you wish, going down Charing Cross road and Whitehall However prices are very reasonable for London  - £109 per night in my case. I'll agree with many other comments that the rooms are small, and the escalators can be very slow to arrive. Breakfasts are OK - nothing special, but included in my room rate. Staff are quite helpful, and the concierge is useful for leaving luggage. I was in a first floor room, and it was…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient Hotel,"The Good: a.  Close to Tottenham Court Road underground station and Oxford Street b.  Substantial breakfast (but see note below)  The Bad: a.  No free WiFi b.  Single rooms too small c.  Guest noise late at night d.  You have to pay for the safe in your room  I recently joined a family reunion in London and stayed at the St Giles, I paid £108.00 whereas my brothers paid £89.00, both prices included breakfast and the rooms were exactly the same, I should also add that we all booked and paid within 12 hours of each other.  The message here is to shop around and not to accept the first price that you see.  They booked through Travago and I booked through Bookings.com.    Check in was efficient and friendly with all necessary information given at that point.  On arrival in the room…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,all that glitters is not gold!,"outside & reception very upmarket.took 10mins for receptionist to book us in,second night could not get into room as card was locked.had been booked in twice!clean but very small.no a/c.no shaver point.very noisy.tea coffee in room.very busy canteenl type breakfas fealling but plenty of choice.friends upgraded.this i would recommend if choosing this hotel.bar friendly.london prices.il grasso did meal with drink for £10 between 12/17.30pm.ok.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Top location and quite OK for a weekend break,"Went to London in October for a short vacation. We needed a centrally located hotel and found a descent price at the St.Giles which is located just a short walk away from the Tottenham Court Road underground station.  I’ve never stayed in this hotel before and had none expectations. However when we arrived in the evening the hospitality in the reception was very good and friendly.  My room was facing the backyard of the hotel and that was actually good since this area of London is quite crowded with people and traffic. So the good thing is that it was quiet outside.  The room was clean and the bathroom was also clean with a nice interior. Many comments here at Tripadvisor is that the rooms are small. Well, what do you expect at a hotel in central London? I had a standard single…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ignore bad reviews,"We stayed here for my other halfs 40th birthday for three nights. We had an executive suite on the ninth floor (room 903). We were dreading it a bit as reviews were not all that, but we were very pleasantly surprised by what we found. It's worth upgrading to executive suites as you get good service. You will find a big wall mounted tv in main bed area, a TV in a little alcove where you can sit and drink and look out of the window and eat a takeaway as there's a table. And most fun, a TV in the bathroom! You get a small fridge that's topped up with water everyday (two small bottles of still, and two of sparkling).  There's a kettle and even iron and ironing board and a hair dryer. Best of all you get breakfast included all of your stay.  Ok the bad points are check ins can be…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5165-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A little Gem in the heart of shopping paradise,This hotel was clean modern with very pleasant staff .The comments made that rooms were small and the t.v was small I don't understand .I for one do not book a hotel to live in the room I like to get out and see what is out and about.The hotel is very near tube stations and theatre s.If you are prepared to walk you can cover most attractions from this Gem of a Hotel. Would certainly recomend .,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in central London,"A good hotel ideally situated in central London handy for the tube station and reasonably priced considering its location. I booked three months in advance and managed to secure a deluxe room at a good price. On arrival there were a few people in the queue waiting to be served at reception, this kind of made me feel secure that if the hotel is this popular, they must be doing something right. Check in was smooth and effortless.  The room has everything you need for an overnight stay; it was clean and tidy but as with a lot of hotels in London the room was warm, but this was soon rectified by opening the window and letting in some cool air.   I had paid for “Room only” on the website, but when I arrived in my room there was note from the hotel inviting me to a FREE breakfast for…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"This hotel is clean modern quiet and best of all has a top location at the bottom of Tottenham Court Rd and 100 yards from Oxford St, We are always well satisfied when we stay here its brilliant I don't understand some of the complaints that the rooms are small,Hello this is central London and for value and convience  you will not get better or cheaper",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad,"Stayed for one night (25th Oct) Staff friendly but as usual for these city hotels, foreign. The room was very clean and well appointed, with air conditioning, internet access, safe, mini fridge and hairdryer, although finding a very small flat screen television in an 'executive' room was a little disappointing. Everything was well maintained and the bed comfortable. The only let down was the breakfast. Instead of the usual buffet fro the cooked breakfast this was ordered at the table and served by a member of staff. I ordered a full English with fried eggs, and had to return the first two submissions as not being anywhere near correct, additionally, a wait of 35 minutes from the time of ordering to delivery to the table is not considered acceptable.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, bad organisation","The good things first: Location is very good and the rooms and bathrooms clean. BUT: The service is very bad: Despite calling several time we could not get a written reservation. Seems you do not call the hotel but a callcenter who does not even listen to you!  We had to change room even tough we had explained our a bit special situation well before arriving. The employees do their best but the organisation is very bad. The rooms are very noisy not only because of the location but because of the very badly isolated doors. Rooms are small but clean, but broken things are not replaced. Worst was breakfast! If you cannot do better just do not offer breakfast. The feeling is one of badly organized vacation camp. Everything extremely tight, long queues, bread terrible and again, the…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
5174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5170-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stands like a beacon,"St Giles stands like a good old beacon in London's sea of hotels; not only for being a tall building with its 700 or so smallish rooms, but because it stands exactly at the right place for most visitors, and also because they know how to run a hotel. Yes, it has its quirks and problems, who hasn't growing old under a daily load of hundreds of travellers? But for a fair price (London standard) you get location, clean rooms, ok bar, friendly concierge, self-serving machines, gym (well, skipped that one), long queues at the elevators and real looong queues at breakfast. So don't pay for breakfast and head for, say, Pret a Manger out on Tottenham Court Road, with free wifi.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A depressing hotel,"The only thing good about St Giles is the prices, but even these cannot make up for the worn-down shabby atmosphere of this hotel. The rooms are extremely small with a claustrophobic feeling. The bathrooms are all black and by that very uncosy. Outside my room there was a blue neon-light which lit up the room in bright-blue. There was a long que to check in and since you are forced to leave and collect the keys every time you enter or exit this que is something you experience quite a lot. I was taking a taxi to Heathrow and asked how much time that would take at 5 o`clock and was told it would take 1 hour so I got up at 4.30 and ended up just spending 18 minutes going there which would have given me an additional 30 minutes in bed if they had told me the correct time. Will not…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
5176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"good location ""noisey room""","Just returned from a break, staying at the st giles hotel paid £99 for double room without breakfast.The hotel is located near oxford st.The room was very small with basic facilities but clean,the double glazing let the room down as it was noisey from traffic.Excellant location for center,good value for money.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Stayed overnight as we were going to the theatre.  Many of the mail theatres are only 5-10 minutes walk away which was perfect.  Our two rooms were ready when we arrived at 1:30pm.  They were small, but clean and tidy and had everything we required for an overnight stay.  The room was noisy, but when the window was closed you could hardly hear anything.  We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful.  The queue for breakfast was quite alarming.  We were asked to wait because the restaurant was full, but we only had to wait for a minute, however we had to search hard for a vacant table and then two of us had to sit at the table to reserve it whilst the other two went for their breakfast.  The choice of food was good - hot and cold (but no toast).  After check-out we were able to…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Elusive Elevators,"We stayed for two nights in October 2012. On arriving early we asked could we leave our bags at the Hotel until check in time and were pleasantly surprised when the receptionist informed us that our room was ready and we could check in immediately. The room we were allocated was very small but had all the necessary facilities and was tidied each day. The bathroom towels were changed each day also and tea and coffee replenished. Breakfast can be a bit of an ordeal as you have to queue in a long line and help yourself. The staff are slow to replace plates, bowls etc. so you may have to wait until these necessary items turn up. The breakfast choice is quite good and you can eat all you want. They turn out an excellent scrambled egg with nicely cooked bacon. The big downside here is…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5175-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Such a shame staff are so miserable they don't even speak . The rooms where really clean and we where right in the middle if town which was great . The let down was breakfast the place was mad had to wait ages and it wasn't worth the wait , overall I would go back because of where it was and I would go out for breakfast ",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Just returned from a theatre break, staying at St Giles Hotel.  On arrival the concierge on duty was extremely helpful regarding parking our 4x4 which was a bit tight in the nearby car park.  We found him to be very friendly and welcoming on our first stay at this hotel.  The rooms were very clean and comfortable.  The food was lovely and the breakfast the following morning was fantastic.  The location was excellent just being a 10 minute walk from our theatre and for lots of other main tourist attractions.  We found all of the staff to be very polite and friendly. We will definitely stay here again",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,noisey room,I paid a discounted rate of £85.50 to stay at this hotel for a twin room which did not include breakfast.The hotel is located near to the main shopping area of Oxford Street London.The room allocated was small in size and although all the main basic amenities were provided the hotel failed by having poor double glazing which meant I could hear any noise from traffic and night revellers which mad sleeping very difficult. For the bed I slept in was very hard and found again sleeping difficult.I had only booked for one night and if I had booked longer I would have asked for a change of room or asked for a refund,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect 3 star in perfect location,"Just returned fro m St Giles looking at some reviews on here think people expect 5 star when this hotel is a 3 star . My honest opinion is very welcoming  polite helpful friendly staff , nice warm cozy room (a littler tiny) but perfect for 2 everything you need inside tv hair dryer etc . Breakfast was faultless vast choices cereal fruit cheese meats , and f course full English as much as you can eat very warm and tasty . Lots of different nationals  staying here but very friendly . No problems leaving your luggage untill you depart whatever time . Would certainly return here Thanks to all staff at St Giles .",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"Having read other reviews we were not sure what to expect from this hotel. We were pleasantly surprised however, it is an excellent location, check in was speedy and our room was clean and comfortable. The shower with a curtain was on the small side but everything else was fine. It represents very good value for money and is easy to access from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station. We did not have breakfast there but we did go into the bar on the evening and although we had some difficulty communicating our requirements to one of the waitress staff it was all very good natured and we would certainly book at this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5180-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My top choice in central,I've stayed at the St Giles several times - most recent being September 2012. It never fails - location is excellent - 1 min walk to tott ct road tube - and for the price you could not ask for anything more. I have noticed that some rooms are nice and modern and some are not so I assume the hotel is slowly refurbishing the place one floor at a time. Most of the rooms are on the small side and basic but you cant possibly complain for the price you are paying to stay in central London! Always the first place I check for availability when I'm staying up in town as other hotels are far too expensive from experience. ,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - OK Hotel,"As others have said - the place is a bit worn down - but not so much that it matters. Location is perfect for shopping frenetic teenager, and still close to a lot of the more classical London experiences. Take a direct train (Gatwick Express or other) and a cab from Victoria - it is a nuisance going through the underground with heavy luggage, and cabs are quite moderate (14 £ from Victoria to St.Giles).",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Recent stay,"The hotel is quite old and dated. However, I found the room to be comfortable, and the temperature was fine once I'd found out how to operate the air conditioning The bathroom was a little in need of TLC but generally found the room OK. The breakfast was only average (where do they by those sausages, and what are they made of?)",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All about Location,"We have stayed at this hotel 4 times now and will always return, great location, friendly staff and rooms are very clean and comfortable. Our next visit to London is next month and yes we are staying here.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, awful breakfast","Stayed here for three nights in october 2012.  Hotel is busy but the staff was very helpful and kind.  Room was cosy with two nice beds (might be too soft for some).  I was missing a second pillow but cleaning lady was very helpful with this ""problem"" when I mentionded it to her.   The biggest disappointment is the breakfast.  Like I mentioned, the hotel is busy and so is the hall where they serve the breakfast. This might be forgivable if the breakfast would be up to par. Unfortunately it isn't .. Bread didn't seem to be fresh, tinned fruits (peach, grape fruit and pineapple) were awful, ham and cheese poor, sausages tasted awful.  Bacon however was better with nice thick slices.  Still, not worth the price of the expensive breakfast.   Location is great with bus and subway…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5185-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel but well situated,"Nice friendly welcome on checking in. Little confusion as we had booked two twin rooms and had asked for them to be together, as we were four sisters on a theatre break. We had been allocated one roon on eighth floor and one on ninth, but it was rectified. The rooms were clean and had everything we needed they were very small and pokey, which made the room very dark. I did sleep well as the bed was quite comfortable, the biggest problem was the noise outside, but it's expected in central London. The breakfast was a bit of a bun fight. The room was set out like a cafeteria, with a small area for everyone to walk through to get their food. While there was plenty of choice, cereals, meat, cheese, breads and usual cooked breakfast. I felt the quality of the food was poor. The…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Quite the most dreadful experience of the last two years.,"Dark rooms. 700 rooms with only two lifts! Breakfast is a total bunfight. Rooms have no shaving points, just one plug socket. Cold. I was so cold here and the traffic noise is ridiculous. Never, ever, ever be silly enough or desperate enough to stay here.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
5191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than I expected,"I'm not going to lie I was dreading staying here. We usually upgrade to an exec room but left it too late, so decided to stay in a twin standard room.  We arrived at 12:30 and was lucky enough to be able to check in early, we were given room 150. From past experience the twin rooms have been old, shabby and badly needing refurbished. Especially the bathroom. Was pleasantly surprised to walk in to a fairly good sized room with new carpet, new bedding an best of all a new bathroom. The room was clean and comfortable, apart from the rubbish pillows! Check in was fast and staff were friendly enough. Waiting for a lift was never a problem. Only bad thing I would say, which is no fault to the hotel itself, is the VERY inconsiderete guests that come in at 2-3am, shouting, banging doors…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,wonderful hotel,"we  stayed at this hotel  for 2 nights ,,,,was very pleasantly surprised ,,,,,brillant location ,,,,friendly clean modern hotel  ,,,,many falicities  ,,i,e ,,coffee shop ,,bar  ,,resturants ,,,pool ,,gym ,,casino  ,,etc .our room was lovely [yes liitle small ] but had everything in it u wished for ,,,hairdryer ,,fan  tv kettle etc ,,plenty storage space for clothes etc ,,i mentioned at reception i was cold in our room ,,,and within minutes a porter bought up brand new heater ,,,service was excellent ...staff so friendly  ,,even had ironing rooms on each floor ,,ice making machines   ,,beds were so comfortble ,,,enjoyed our stay here ,,and would deffo stay again  ,,,loved it",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for the West End shows!,"Stayed for 1 night when we went to see 2 shows in one day! Reception was good - we were allowed to check in early. Single rooms were small, but as we were not in them other than to change and sleep it didn't matter. Breakfast was busy, but there was plenty to eat.  We left our luggage with the concierge until lunch time and when we returned for it, the staff were very helpful, carrying  it to the taxi for us. Yes the lifts were busy and there were sirens during the night, but hey - it is London!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5190-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great hotel!,"great location, great breakfast, great service, clean rooms, just off oxford street, primark is at the other end though, but still loved it! Since the hotel has around 7 floors, the lifts are always busy and you end up stopping in each floor, but on the whole, everything was good! Great thing also, are the vending machines in each floor, that carry cutlery, you never know, they can come in useful!",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Would never recommend this place!,"We came down to london for 2 days, as a birthday gift. We had tickets to watch phantom of the opera, visit the london dungeons and london eye. We arrived early and could not actually check in into our room til 3pm we were told, but did all the neccessary paperwork before. The welcome we recieve was awful. Staff firstly hardly speak proper english, they were rude, stood talking amongst themselves, made you feel uncomfortable and they didnt smile once!! The hotel is overly busy, filled with many rude tourists! We returned to the hotel some time after 4pm, collected our keys and went to the room. The room which we had booked was meant to be an executive suite, with seating area and all extra facilities as stated on the website and over the phone. However this was just false…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
5196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good clean hotel,This hotel was very clean. The staff were very helpful. There was a taxi rank outside. Car park under the hotel was £36 for 24 hours but if you stay in the hotel it was only £20. we saw i Primark close by and nipped in coming out the other side we were on Oxford street. T.V. in room is small but we didn't even turn it on as we were only staying one night to see a show. I would definitely stay here again if in London the location was fantastic.,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Value and Location,"As others have mentioned, the best feature of the St Giles is its location, which, for the price, makes this a great hotel for visiting London, especially if you're spending most of your time exploring the city and not in your room.  It was convenient to everything, and the Tottenham Court Station was less than a 5 minute walk.   The room was an adequate size (I've stayed in smaller rooms in London). It was clean; there was a lot of storage and plenty of hot water for a shower. The main downside for me was the extra cost of 10 pounds sterling per day for wifi. The St. Giles should get with the 21st century and provide free wifi for their guests.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is the best feature,"The location of this hotel is its best feature. A 5-10 min walk to the centre of London (Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square) and right next to Oxford Street. The staff were friendly and helpful and the onsite bar and restaurant are nice, and far enough away from the rooms to not cause disturbance. The rooms are comfortable (if a little on the small size for the price) and provide everything you need. The only downside was how hot it was! Very stuffy in the rooms (the hallways seemed to be much cooler) and too noisy to be able to keep the window open all night as the rooms face right onto Tottenham Court Road. The ‘air conditioning’ made no difference and we had to have a fan running the whole time which again was very noisy. We didn’t watch the TV much but when we…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5195-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,value for money,"Stayed one night on an organised tour. Hotel worth what you pay, bare that in mind and everything is fine. Very close to heathrow. Coninental breakfast adequate but i missed not having ham and cheese.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Bargain in every sense!,"The hotel was full and I can see why!  For the price, to stay in this central location in a clean, well run hotel, the St Giles would be hard to beat.  The buffet breakfast (9.95) was pretty hectic of course, but I must say, staff did their best to sort any problems getting food and a seat!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but....","Is only two nights in London recently before her sailing vessel bsaotampton. Of course, that the short time we had, it is better to choose a hotel near the attractions. And this is why we have chosen this hotel. As far as the location is very good, but the hotel itself is very large (it's a disadvantage to me) a very basic level, room and breakfast and service. For two days was appropriate, but next time I'll choose another hotel.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,close to everything,"Stayed here for a week back in may. The location was the best, couldnt beleive our eyes, walked out on the street and we were on tottenham court road. heading to the major attractions. breakfast was amazine for 9 pounds all you could eat was great. Being summer, it was a tad disapointing that the hotel wasnt air conditioned. I wish my window opened a bit more than it did.  but i guess the hotel was only a base for sleep. The internet was disapointing twice having to be credited because the computers were down. the lifts man they sucked badly. glad i was on the first floor so i took the stairs most mornings. Staff were pretty good, they were helpful when needed. good stay",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Once again, location is key and this hotel has an unbeatable one. As soon as you get off Tottenham Court Road underground station, there it is. It's a short walk to British Museum and Oxford Street is right around the corner (almost literally).  The rooms are small, but clean, just like the bathroom, the beds were comfy and the staff were overall helpful.  Negative points: they charge you for wi-fi access, but the again, every Starbucks or other major coffee or restaurant chain offers you free wi-fi, so no worries. The problem was when I needed to print my boarding pass... It appears that the access to the hotel's printer is a tad complicated. Word of advice... in case of trouble, talk to the concierge, he's the problem solver.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5200-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"I booked a ""single"" room, which I expected to be a double or twin for sole use. It was, but I also had a separate room attached, where there was another fold-down bed, hidden in the wardrobe paneling. So plenty of space with the two rooms,  but there was probably only about 2 foot of clearance around 3 sides of the bed. Bedside lights were built into the wall and a bit bright. Main room lighting was not too good and it was almost impossible to see to shave in the bathroom. Low energy lights are good for the environment, but sometimes a bit more is necessary. Has a room on the 8th floor at the end of a corridor. The room overlooked Bedford Avenue and was quiet. I didn't eat or drink at the hotel. Breakfast is £9.95 I think, but literally 2 minutes walk down the road you can get a…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,happy traveller,"I was very happy with this hotel, our room was very nice and completely adequate, staff were friendly and polite, everything was very clean and the location of the hotel is the best. We will be going back definitely",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location....scarily busy!,"St Giles Hotel is in a great location at Centrepoint and the apex of Tottenham Court Road,Oxford Street and Charing Cross. For non Londoners/leaa frequent travellers it can be a bit bewildering. The hotel is vast but run very efficiently. I would say it's ok for a one night stay on business or for an extended shopping trip but not to make it your base for any longer stays. It's a strictly functional hotel with no frills or thrills. Lots of eateries nearby. Single rooms are tiny but very well designed to economise on space,clean and compact but can be noisy. I would stay again. Walkable from Euston.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here for 3 nights in march 2012. This hotel was in a busy location, on tottenham court road with fantastic access to shops,restaurants and bars. The hotel was a 5 minute walk from trafalgar square and also close to pica dilly circus. Fantastic breakfast and the staff were very helpful. Rooms were small but had plasma tv and all facilities you need for a sightseeing adventure around London. Watched the football on tottenham court road with Chelsea fans, great atmosphere. London is an amazing city and this hotel is ideal for sightseeing fans that want a clean comfortable hotel with lovely full English breakfast. Would stay here again. Tip...go see a west end show and go on the Thames river cruise...great view of tower bridge.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"After reading numerous negative reviews on this hotel, I was slightly concerned about what I would find when I arrived. However, I was pleasantly surprised and had a lovely 2 night stay. We booked a standard twin room, but I think we must have been given a really nice one as it definitely was not 'tiny' or 'run down'.  We had a room with 2 beds in and a separate room with a seating area and a desk with a kettle and hairdryer. We even had 2 flat screen TVs, one in each 'room' AND good air conditioning! Everything was very clean and the bathroom was nicely decorated and modern. The water in the shower wasn't that powerful but perfectly acceptable.  We were out most of the weekend and only really used it as a base but it was a lovely room and my friend and I are both planning on…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5205-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny rooms, but OK for handicapped","Like everywhere in London the rooms and the corridors are really small. Still the wheelchair accessible room is really accessible. I have a feeling that it was made out of two rooms, one of then rebuilt as a bathroom, making it quite handy, with all accessories. There is traditionally no mixer tap for cold and hot water. So be prepared. To get to the reception from the main entrance it is required to use a special elevator. Concierge is always eager to help with it.  The SPA and the pool (which was a great surprise for us) are quite big and are also accessible with wheelchair, just ask for support on the reception desk. In general the hotel is nice. The greatest advantage is the location, just few minutes away from the British museum, 15 minutes away from the Trafalgar square.…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very basic & small rooms but sensational location,"We booked a room with twin beds and I have to say the room was tiny with not much space to move. The rooms were also very dated. However, we did not intend to be in our room much of the time so this was not an issue. Rooms were still clean and comfortable, however the bedding could have been improved (extra pillows would be nice as they were flat as a pancake). Fabulous location. No fridge - this was a bit of a disappointment for us. Overall we were happy with the hotel and I would stay here again, predominantly for the location.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs serious work,This hotel is now attracting a very loud crowd and the rooms are becoming very run down. The breakfast is very basic and staff rude and many not speaking English. I guess any hotels with 500 rooms is a low grade hotel ..  Locations great but that's about it.,Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great Location, 15 min walk to Piccudilly Circus, 25 min walk to Big Ben, Very short walk to Soho. Resturants all around just take the time to find them Staff was very professional, helpful & friendly. The room was small but that is what I expected when  I booked it.  I will stay again on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights, room only - no breakfast. Good central location for shopping, theatre etc. We only used it as a base so did not try bar or restaurant as there are so many other interesting places to eat & drink in a short walking distance. Room was clean & adequate, although the hair dryer in the bathroom was useless. Good that there was a kettle to make coffee / tea. Found the staff to be friendly. Thought the price OK for London.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5210-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel in a great area,"I have stayed in this hotel before and only booked it again because of the area.  In general there is nothing wrong with the hotel, apart from it being the hub for many tour bus type of visitors and the reception and the lifts were always crowded (a good sign for the business but I prefer smaller, less en mass, accommodation). The room - a deluxe twin room - had more space than most London hotels, but after adding the additional fee for internet connectivity and breakfast, the accommodation isn't that cheap for what you get. The kettle and fridge in the room was a big plus.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"TOO MANY PEOPLE, and overpriced for what you get.","There were regular coach loads of people comming in and out of this hotel all day, very cramped lifts, you could wait for four-five minutes easily for a lift, rooms are small and could do with a refurbish but the room I got was fairly clean, my colleague was not so lucky and had to get his changed. The bar is very costly although the resturant was not to bad. It is in a great location for central London shopping, theartre etc but it is overpriced for what you have to put up with.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
5216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ladies weekend,"I have just returned from a weekend at St Giles in London, along with 5 friends. This hotel is very central and it was my second visit. The rooms are on the small side, but clean and tidy and all you need for a London visit.  The staff were very nice , especially the concierge. Although the Chinese restaurant was good , as was the coffee bar, but the main bar area was very expensive (£1 packet of Crisps ) as was the drink. I would avoid this if possible ,there are some pubs in the area, much cheaper option. I would use again, as the price is good and like its location.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,NOT FOR ME AGAIN,"The hotel was very busy and we had to wait to get checked in. We were given a very small room (you could not swing a cat) adjacent to the lift landing on the fourth floor which was extremely noisy. We got no sleep that night as you could hear the lift arrival bell on the adjacent landing throughout the whole night. The landing / corridor floor outside our door was tiled, so we heard every footstep from people going to and from the lift. In addition to this our window would not close properly, as the catch was broken, so there was a draught and noise coming from outside all night. On the plus side it was a great location for the theatres, shopping and British Museum. The staff were very polite and helpful and they did move us to a much quieter room when we asked on the following…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cramped!,The staff are nice and helpful. The buffet breakfast is pretty good- you certainly won't go hungry and the coffee machine is great! ...shame about the actual rooms though- by the time I found a small nook to put my suitcase down I then couldn't walk out of the room without side-stepping and squeezing my way out- the rooms were sooo small (even with just a single bed in the room I certainly did not have enough room to swing a cat ;)),Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5215-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but what to do expect for the price and location?","I can understand why other reviews might have been a bit disappointed by their stay at the St. Giles in Bloomsbury... but honestly folks, what do you expect for the low price and great location?  The Four Seasons?  I think the bad reviews have a lot to do with overly inflated expectations.  As a business traveler, I find this hotel to be perfectly suitable, but then again I treat it like a 'self catering' type of experience and am pretty much there just for the room itself, not for a high quality dining experience or 'lap of luxury' style customer service.  I actually find the staff here to be quite chipper and friendly, despite the hoards of low-end coach parties that tend to stay here.  The rooms are small, but hey:  This is London.  If you want a bigger room, upgrade.  I…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Where do I start. On arrival the hotel looks nice from the outside, reception is clean and modern but that is where it all stops. The.. 'double bed' has to be the worst I have ever slept on. It was like lying on springs. Above the bed is a lamp, an open bottom one so the light shines straight in to your eyes. The shower had just enough room to turn around in and I'm an average build. The TV, all 22 inches of it is high on the wall 12 feet away. The lock on the door doesn't work and whilst cleaning my teeth I very slightly lent on the sink, I was sure the whole wall was going to come down. The wife wanted a glass of water for bed and we were given a small paper cup, the type you'd get in an office from the water bottle. All this and we haven't even had breakfast, safe to say I…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
5221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tired,"This is our third stay at St Giles and probably our last.  We arrived early and were unable to check in however Concierge did store our luggage.  We came back and sat in the bar and waited until 2 p.m. when we could check in.  We got to our room 612 which was west tower (if I remember correctly).  We had the one bedroom with side room because the bedroom is very small.  It was very tired looking, with worn bedspreads, carpets and sofa bed.  Plus side, mini fridge and extra towels provided in the cupboard, tea and coffee making facilities (no cookies though).  Major con - no free wireless internet in the room and we were paying GBP140 for the first night!  The bed was lumpy and could feel the springs and it made a horrible grinding noise when getting in or out of bed.  Bathroom…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,BudgetHotel in an ideal location,"This hotel has great potential but the rooms though recently refurbished a very small, no A/C it does have central heating the room allocated to us on arrival had 2 single beds as I requested a Dbl, on the confirmation voucher it stipulated twin Double Bed and with my knowledge of travelling twin means two so I thought it has two Double beds I returned to the reception desk and asked for a Dbl Bed the gentleman on duty was very polite and tried to accommade me, I was given the room but it was so small, the bathroom has been redone and was fairly new so I did not complain but I would suggest if you are over fifty and do not like noise or any disturbance at night than I suggest you request a room away from the main road or choose another Hotel , the Breakfast is OK the location is…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, tiny rooms","The location is great, everything is near. The hotel is huge and not very cozy, more practical. The room was very tiny. If you had a large suitcase, you could hardly open it, because there was no space for that. The toilet was also tiny, but there was everything you needed. You could hear the traffic and other noise on third floor in the corner of Tottenham Court Road. The breakfast was all right but the atmosphere was like in school canteen.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5220-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Awful, think of Faulty Towers...","This is one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed in. The food was terrible, eg the soup was over seasoned and the main course tasted like school food. The waiters were rude and unhelpful. The rooms were ok and quite clean but the customer service is nom existent.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
5225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, fine hotel... would go again...wery good short stay","We picked st giles hotel beacouse of the location, you can walk everywere....the check in was wery fast and we were of to your room. The room was on the top floor 13th. we had to take elevator to 11th floor and then take another one to the 13th floor and that elevator was the smallest I have ever seen....wife and I bearly fit with our bags. The room had að wonderful view over the British museum. being on the 13th floor we could se london eye and much more. The room had coffee/tee station, a fridge with complimentary water 2 bottles sperkling and 2 bottles still water. double bead wich was very comfortable and with good space at boath sides. The bathroom was newly refurbished with a big shower, wife and I could easily  shower togeather. the ac worked well, and that was good…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location for touring and theatres,"We selected this hotel for its location. Double room with a seperate sitting area with tea/coffee making facilities.Small shower room but adequate, provided with liquid soaps over the basin and in the shower, lacks layout space, only one hand and bath towel which are changed daily. Bedroom rather narrow in width, only one bedside table/lamp and about 30cm otherside of bed! Comfortable and clean bed. No central lights on entering the rooms and had to ask as we could not operate any lights.A receptionist arrived and eventually plugged in and got table and standard lights working! One had to go round switching these on and off--who was responsible for this bizarre arrangement? We left a light on each time we went out so that we didn`t return in the dark. Had breakfast in the…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Decently priced but don't expect luxury!,"Booked way in advance for me and my partner for a short break of four nights. Main reasons for booking were the excellent location and the relatively low price (for London).  Checked out TripAdvisor reviews before we booked and found the most negative comments to be about the very small rooms so we knew what to expect.   Choosing room only, we had very little to do with any of the staff at the hotel so can't really comment on their manner or customer service.   The room itself was small as we expected although slightly bigger than some have claimed. There was room to walk comfortably around the bed and a little corner to store our suitcase. The room was too warm but we couldn't keep the window open at night due to the noise.   Enough wardrobe hanging space if you take out the…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Will not be returning in a hurry!,"We booked this hotel as a theatre package with Superbreak as it was nearest to the theatre. As said in all other reviews, the rooms are TINY! The decor is very dated and mattress very hard. Was up at the crack of dawn as you could hear a pin drop in the rooms next door! Doors slamming, toilets flushing, talking etc etc. The bathrooms are ok, again very small, but clean enough.  Breakfast was by far the worst hotel breakfast I have experienced. All crammed into what I would decribe as a food court. You don't get seated, and it was quite hard to find a table, some people had to share with strangers. The queue for the hot breakfast was ridiuclous and not worth the wait at all, I found it inedible.  Luckily we only had to stay a night or I would have gone insane in that miniscule…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5225-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, might return","I stayed in this hotel in May. My brother and I shared a TWIN room. The hotel's location is absolutely fabulous, I assure you. Rooms are also ok, clean and big enough, although a bit noisy (understandable but still somewhat annoying). Finally enough place to put all the luggage thanks god! I liked the beds. Shower was waaay to small, my brother had a really difficult time washing due to his height. Other cons: queues for breakfast and for the elevators. :( Apart from that, we had an enjoyable stay. Thank you.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get don't always get what you pay for!,"Have just returned from  a 2 night stay in the St Giles Hotel.  I can honestly say I have never stayed in such a terrible place in my 53 years of travelling round our wonderful globe. There were 2 couples in our party staying in London for a friends wedding. On arrival in reception we thought the hotel looked ok.  Quite honestly our room was ok but the room that my daughter and son-in-law got was disgusting.  The duvet cover was dirty and when thet complained they were moved to the sixth floor.  This room was smaller than my loo at home. There was six inches round the bed where they had to shimmy in and out. The bar down stair was so scruffy, the leather settles were bald and scuffed.  The worst was to come at breakfast.  This is held in a dingy room, with no one cleaning…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
5231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A dump!,"Smallest rooms ever.  Dirty carpets, even my dog would have refused to sleep in there.  Shower so narrow that I hardly could get in.  And worst of all, no aircondition.  Only one option to cool down room and that was to open window.  With the noise from traffic no change to sleep.  And the breakfast?  Bread selection against all nutrition recommendations, white scrabled eggs and the driest English sausage ever.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
5232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles Hotel, London","The staff were friendly and helpful, the hotel is in a good location. Our room was tiny and basic, but we didn't mind as we were only staying one night, and spent most of the time out and about. The room was also nice and clean.  I would consider staying here again.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Reasonably Priced And Convenient", Close To The Underground And Oxford St. Short Walk From Covent Garden And West End. Clean And Reasonably Quiet With Reasonably Sized Rooms. HAs Both An Italian And Chinese Restaurant And A Cafe And Door Leading To The Next Door Casino. Would Recommend As Central For Visiting London ,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5230-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"The St. Giles Hotel, London","At the start of our 17-day motoring trip of England, we stayed at the St. Giles for the first several nights.  The location was excellent.  It was away from the hustle and crowds of the Westminster area, but still within an easy walk to most of the well-visited sites. A great plus: it was only about two blocks from the British Museum!  Easy access to the nearby underground station (Tottenham) and also minutes from Covent Garden. Included was a full breakfast, a pub along with a Japanese Restaurant.  The service was fine and it was a great value for the weak dollar.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not What It Used To Be,"Although staff were great, check in was good I felt the standards have dropped since last year. The mattress in room 601 must have been 10 years old, the roof was very clean and the water was hot in the shower. No TV channel guide in our room. The works going on at noght also woke us several times a night. At a push I would only go back for an overnight stay but not for 4 nights.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,High priced then pricy features on top of that,"I don't know why it is, but it seems the higher the price for a hotel, the more they add on a high cost for features other hotels offer free.  Wifi? 5pounds PER HOUR from your room. Breakfast?  Add 10 pounds per person per day. Internet on their own computers? 3 pounds PER HOUR in VERY public places.  Really?  And this makes it worthwhile to spend extra for their tiny rooms with their tiny showers?  I don't think so.  Only the location recommends this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
5237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location!,"We stayed here as part of a 2 night theatre break- we got a great deal on a twin room with hot buffet breakfast.  Firstly the location is fantastic, 1 minute from Toittenham Court Road Tube station.  Check in was smooth we actually arrived 2 hours earlier but our rooms were ready so were allowed to check in early which was good.  The rooms are tiny and basic and the en suite is the smallest I have ever come accross. They were spotless but would say they were dated and need redecorating.  The hot buffet breakfast reminded me of a school canteen had to queue for 15 minutes with a tray just to get to the food and all the drinks were self serve, including tea! Wasn't impressed at all but the food was actually OK.   All in all a very busy hotel, with a fab location. The location made…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad,"Great location, lovely communal areas. Room was small and bathroom did not smell pleasant, but was clean and everything worked. Check in was efficient despite being a very busy hotel. Recommend for a quick, reasonably priced over night stop, but not a holiday destination!",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5235-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff, lovely food!","I stayed here for two nights while on business and can highly recommend it. The staff were very friendly on check in and were helpful to meet room requests.  One of the nights I ate in the restaurant and had a lovely italian meal, although the restaurant itself was cold and not much atmosphere! The waitress was very pleasant and went out of the way to explain dishes to me, and the chef prepared something specifc based on dietary requirements.  The room itself was quite small but perfect for a couple of nights stay. Unfortunately I did have a bit of a problem with the bath leaking and flooding the bathroom, but someone promptly came along and fixed the problem.  I ate breakfast in the hotel both mornings, and found the buffet/serve yourself style extremely practical when in a…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,My and my girlfriend visited london and chose St Giles due to it's location as it is an easy 5-10 minute walk from Euston with tube stations on it's doorstep to be able to travel around London. Thye rooms were small the building is confusing and good help you if you end up on the top floors as it will take an age to reach your room!  We shopped around and got a good deal (£95) for our nights stay and found staff in the hotel ok (the bar staff were not the best) Room was clean and had everything you needed for your stay. Would recommend but only if the price is good. Not worth £110 plus!,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location - terrible rooms.,"This hotel has a great location right next to Oxford street. However, the rooms were small and extremely dull. Depressing choice of colors and bathrooms the size of a closet. The rooms are also quite worn down and not a place to spend time. Staff was only semi-courteous, elevators slow and the bar depressing. Our room was very noisy at night.  I would choose a nicer - and perhaps more reasonably priced - hotel somewhere i London the next time.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"OK and nice, but a little noisy.","St.Giles is a OK hotel, close to downtown and Oxford Circus. But it is also close to store with ""broken"" noisy alarms. I did't got a quiet sleep before late at night.  The keysystem make it slow to get your room key and the ""British-queue-system"" is very central at this Hotel.  The rooms are small and clean, but do not take a shower to late in the morning if you don't like cold water. The conference rooms are OK, but it is to become a claustrophobic.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great hotel","Stayed here for just one night but couldn't fault it. The hotel is in a great location, lots to see and do within walking distance such as the British Museum, Soho, Oxford Street, Covent Garden etc and the tube station is close by if you want to go further.  The rooms are small but are very well furnished, clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay here again! Excellent value and quality for very central London.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5240-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location for price,"This is a hotel that I keep going back to.  The rooms are pretty small and not ideal for a long term stay.  However, it is perfect for a weekend getaway if you are looking for a place near TCR, Soho and Oxford Circus that won't break the bank!",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, Great Hotel",The greatest asset of the hotel is definitely its location! Two minutes away from Oxford Street and close to major sights of the city. The staff was great and helpful and I was really impressed when I was able to check in once I arrived which was about 11 in the morning.The room was small but really clean and breakfast was more than adequate. It will certainly be my choice next time i'll be in London..,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Why are the rooms so small,"Stayed at The St Giles Hotel for one night on a brief visit to London to see a show.! On arrival checked in, and was given room 304, with turned out to be no bigger than a matchbox, complained to the management, and a pleasent chap called Danielle on reception, changed our room to 752, which again turned out to be small, but not as small as room 304, the room was okay but the bathroom had a lot to be desired, with the shower being very poor, neither my wife or I could take a shower in it. The hotel reception and the Bar are very impressive, it is a shame that the rooms are not also. The English breakfast, was although, very good , and good value. I complained to the Hotel General Manager Victoria Milbank, who has been intouch, with me, since we left, and we are dicussing the…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
5247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel !,"I booked the hotel some time ago and then read some of the more recent reviews about the standards.  Filled with some apprehension I stayed at the hotel this last weekend.  However, I was pleasantly surprised upon arrival.   Accepting the room was small, it had everything you could possibly need,  The room was spotlessly clean, including the en-suite. The bed had crisp fresh bedding.  I found the staff courteous within reception & restaurant. The breakfast was piping hot and there was plenty of it. I would book again.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"We usually opt to stay in Holiday Inns in London but at the recommendation of a friend gave the Saint Giles a try. The location is perfect, on Regent Street, minutes from Oxford Circus tube station and a short taxi ride from Kings Cross. The staff were very helpful and the room was clean if a bit shabby, suppose this is just because of the vast number of guests that go through it.   Breakfast was good and plenty of choice and the views from the restaurant stunning. The only negative was we were located opposite the lift and it was a bit noisy at times.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5245-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Poor Hotel","My sister and I stayed at this hotel during the summer for a couple of days for some sightseeing. The location of the hotel was very impressive, very close to Oxford street and just 20 minutes walk to Trafalgar Square. The location was the reason we chose the hotel, but the price of the stay was fair given this location.  We were asked to pay upon check-in, which was not made clear in any of the paperwork I was sent, and ended up paying for the hotel on the second day, which the hotel was fine about, and I was satisfied with this service.  The room was satisfactory, quite small but was fine for sleeping, as we were out in the city mot of the days we stayed. I would have liked for there to have been some air-conditioning, as the window only opened a small amount, and it was very…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
5250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great budget,"stayed at this hotel many times, it is perfect if you are on a budget and want to be near all the action! right next to we wioll rock you show so ideally placed, 2mins away from oxford street and all the other attractions. rooms small but very lean with everything you need. breakfast abit of a free for all, but have large selection.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
5251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent  location!  will stay again!,"great 2 night stay here at St Giles Hotel. it is what u pay for. but it is clean and fresh hotel and the staff was very friendly and plesant. great value for you money. right in the heart of london, st giles is a little gem an di look forward to a return on my weeknd breaks away.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"Ive stayed at at this hotel several times now throughout the last several years and it has to be said , that it is in the middle of everywhere you want to be. For those not sure, it is immediately off of oxford street, where "" we will rock you"" is.  The check in/reception was quick, speedy, and the service was polite and friendly...although we barely were in the hotel aside from sleeping and getting ready.  The room itself was small but adequate, had all the essentials that you would need. It was clean and the room was serviced regularly every morning.  My only advise to the hotel is when they can get around to it is perhaps giving the rooms a facelift...i first stayed here ten years ago and nothing has changed since then in the rooms.  However that is being somewhat picky and…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good weekend,Great 2 night stay at the St Giles Hotel.This is about our 3rd stay here and still very good value.The rooms are very comfortable and clean.The receptionists were all very helpful will stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5250-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,I stayed here with my fiance for his birthday on a hotel + show deal on 15th August. The room was clean and spacious and we was very happy with it. It was quite noisy in the daytime as there was workmen working outside but we was not in the room much in the daytime so it did not disturb us. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would stay again.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing in comparison to previous visits,"Having stayed at the St Giles before we expected a stay of similar quality as on previous occasions, sadly this wasn't to be for the following reasons:  - Towel quality was poor as size of towels were small and didn't allow you to adequately dry yourself after having a shower. We ended up having to buy a towel so we could dry ourself properly after washing.  - Lack of air-con in hotel room, many hotels have air-con in their rooms as standard we had to make do with using 2 fans to cool the room down in very muggy conditions. Temperature in room reached 28 degrees centigrade at some points.  - Quality of breakfast had declined, couldn't see anywhere to have toast and meat quality of sausages was very poor.  - No shaving point available in bathroom, surely this is a basic…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful !!!!,"This was our 2nd visit to this hotel.  Our 1st visit 2 years ago was not as pleasant as this visit as we only booked a standard room.    We stayed here 24th -26th August 2012.  We booked an Executive Suite.  On arrival we had our own check-in desk.  Once we got to our room all we could say was WOW !!!!  A big comfy room with flat screen tv, dressing gowns and slippers. Iron and ironing board, fridge with complementory water. A huge bathroom with TV and luxury toiletries.  A seperate seating area with a comfy leather sofa.  A seperate dining area with yet another TV (YES 3 TV's) and a work unit with tea/ coffee/ hot chocolate and also luxury buiscuits.  We also had Air Conditioning.  At breakfast we were also very inpressed as we went to a different restaurant and was served at…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very satisfactory one night stay,"We booked a one night B+B stay at the St Giles for £109. The hotel exterior is an unattractive tower block, but the inside is clean and modern. Reception girl  was helpful, but not very warm and welcoming, possibly due to the thousands of people who go through there every day. Room was modern, clean, a little dark and a central light would be better than the 20watt beside lamps. Bathroom was very smart and modern and nearly as big as the room.  The full English breakfast was excellent, but we must have gone to breakfast with everyone else in the hotel at the same time, as it was a bit of a bun fight to get a tray, table and food. However the quality of the food was very good,.  In all, well worth the money for an overnight stay for a very central London location. I don't think…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Affordable place in the heart of London,"I am so glad that I found such a wonderful value-for-money hotel in the very centre of London. It's nothing fancy but you get a very decent room with good bathroom, tea-making corner and comfortable bed. As for the location, it is unbeatable for people interested in culture and sightseeing, and the tube station is literally 50 m away (barely 1 stop to Leicester Sq., but walking down the street is a pleasure, too). There is a supermarket right across the road where one can buy practically everything from toothpaste to fresh fruit and pastry. St. Giles will be my first choice next time I visit London.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5255-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect position,"Stayed for 3 nights (Monday - Wednesday) in a Delux Double. Whilst room was pretty average albeit clean, with a small separate sitting room, the hotel position is excellent. One minute from Tottenham Court Road tube station, the hotel is adjacent to Oxford Street, The Dominion Theatre (We Will Rock You) and 5 minutes from the British Museum. Room was on the first (of about 12) floors and whilst it was a bit noisy with the window open, when closed I had a peaceful night's sleep. Breakfast was very good in the 'executive' room which came as part of the room option. Ate twice in the Chikara chinese restaurant within the hotel and can recommend the curries (cost including starter and a couple of beers around £25 pp). In summary the room was probably deserving of a 3 rating but…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,too small and dirty room,"The advantage of the hotel is its situation, very near to the heart of London where you can go wherever you want on foot and nothing else.  the room is very very small, and the hygiene of the bathroom is almost zero.  The sheets had hair everywhere, and near and by the window there was fungus.  In general the room was too dirty.  The breakfast was a typical English one and too savorless like all the food in England.  Not a kind personel.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
5261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location but not recreation,"Very often hotel choice can be a compromise between location, price and quality and so it proves in this case. The hotel is in a very convenient location for many aspects of a tourist's likely itinerary and I have the, perhaps cynical, impression that this establishment relies too heavily on this advantage to attract its clientele. Of course, as a visitor to London, one would not expect to spend very much time in the hotel so perhaps the standard of the room is not of prime importance but it is a major factor in assessing the quality of the hotel itself. I stayed in a standard double room which was clean and in good decorative order. It was, however, very small and dark, requiring the assistance of artificial lighting at all times except when sleeping! I recognise that this is…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, little moore..","St Giles has a great location in the center of London. But apart from that, its not much positiv to say about the place. The rooms are very small, the air condition was very noisy and did not work very well, so it was really hot all the time. We had ordered a twin bed, but had a double, and they could not change it. The elevators were to few, so there was a long que there all the time. The breakfastroom is noisy and have absolutely no charme at all, and the food is just barely ok. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Awful, dingy, run-down hotel with unfriendly service","Booked for a 1 night business trip to London, and although in a very central location, I can safely say I won't be staying here again or recommending it to anyone else. The hotel reception hasn't been updated since maybe the 70s; the 'mirrors' that hang on the wall are so old that you can't see a refection in them. It seems I was subjected to the same room in most of the photos - tiny, out-dated, with a very small window that only opens a couple of inches. With lack of air and lack of air-con I was left to cool the room on a hot summer's day with a fan. The bathroom; well, not sure where to start. Tiles falling from the wall, a broken shower with loose fittings and one of those nasty shower curtains that sticks to you. There's no wifi or digital tv channels. I thought it was a…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
5264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5260-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Hot and cramped,"On the positive side, it is a well located and reasonably priced place. The rooms are reasonably appointed too.  However it is unbearably hot, the air-con is useless. The rooms are tiny and the hotel is very busy and noisy.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, monastic rooms","I stayed at the St. Giles for 13 nights during the Olympic Games. The hotel was one of those on offer from Track and Field News Olympic Tours. The good news is that it was steps away from the Tottenham Court Road underground station, which was on the Central line that ran out to the Olympic Park. It's an interesting area of London, near the British Museum, Soho, and the West End theaters. The staff members were always polite and helpful. The room, however, was Spartan. I shared it with my brother and there was barely enough space for two twin beds. The bath was cramped. Air conditioning consisted of a fan we placed in an opened window. Elevator service was inadequate for a packed hotel. There was an ample breakfast every morning, though it featured things liked canned fruit and…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,depressing but not as horrible as the Copthorne Tara,"My company's new corporate hotel booking service seems to have developed a somewhat sadistic approach and liberal interpretation of business standard accommodation. The lovely Milennium Baileys is but a distant dream these days.   Its near the tube though so escape is fast.  Incredibly dark room with tiny window at strange angle, somewhat claustrophobic, bathroom horribly planned, inadequate and broken blinds with the hotel's neon lights shining directly in most of the night.  Felt like a hostel.  No workspace.  Bed was comfortable.  Staff pleasant and check-in efficient.  Breakfast looked OK but the coffee was disgusting.  I think if you want a cheap central hotel its fine, but for business customers its really not fine at all. But it hasn't shifted my benchmark of the…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"I booked a twin room for me and my son and a single for my father.  The rate through booking.com seemed reasonable for a central area of London; however, both rooms were unreasonably small without any air conditioning which, during a hot spell in London, required the window to be kept open.  The area is very noisy - traffic, sirens and many loud pedestrians through most of the night.  Is the latter because it is adjacent to a YMCA?  The rooms were clean and did have tea/coffee facilities but no fridge.  The bathroom, like everything else was cramped and the lighting badly designed - not enough light to shave by.  The shower was reasonable, water at a decent pressure and hot when required.  Beds OK.  Internet is available in rooms at an exorbitant price (£10 for 24 hours); the…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
5268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shame could have been so much better,I stayed here on a recent trip to London only for one night but glad really because I was pretty disappointed with the room we were given was very basic and not what I expected for this part of London the only plus is the location,Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5265-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,All depends on what you are looking for...,"Stayed here for one night with my dad, was down to watch the cricket. In summary..  Positives: Location, very close to Tottenham High Road tube and walkable from Euston. Reasonable price for a twin room in central London. Pretty quick check considering it is so busy. No lift issues as per many of the previous reviewers.  Negatives: We stayed in what was booked as a twin room but the hotel consider it a triple (double and a single). The single is a pull down bed but there is literally no room left once the bed is down. Similarly, there is no room in the double bedroom either. The bathroom is tiny and looking a bit beat up. No aircon, there is a fan but you still had to have the windows open to get any sort of coolness. This was the hottest weekend of the year so far so even then…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A great overnight stay,"As part of a two day offer at Thorpe Park we stayed at the St Giles Hotel. We were unsure of the quality of the hotel as was inclusive of the offer but were delighted when we arrived. Allocated a family room we were pleased to find a two large adjoining rooms complete with tea and coffee facilities, a refrigerator and ample towels and toiletries.   The hotel restaurant had a limited menu, being the weekend but a suitable choice for a hungry family and very reasonable at £42.00 for four people. Breakfast was excellent, buffet style with a good selection.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London,"I stayed in this Hotel for 2 nights, through a group travel and booking confirmed by a travel agent.  The rooms and toilets are not very spacious, but were available clean and on time. The toileteries are just enough. You are expected to have European Toilet habbits. It is essentially a budget Hotel, although well located. The staff of the Hotel and other guests were polite and friendly. A clean and spacious lobby with smooth lifts are an excellent impression on arrival.  Internet facilities were not available. No Indian channel was available on the television, infact did not find anything entertaining on the television. The continental breakfast made available to us was decent.  The quality of sleep enjoyed by me was cool.  The staff of the Hotel was unable to provide any…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not given enough credit,"I recently stayed at this hotel, I loved it. Yes I read the reviews but I made my own mind up as everything is on personal opinion. The hotel is Close to the station and bus stop which is a plus. We arrived, greeted by lovely staff and given all the information. Our room was very clean, the room is a decent size you can move around and we had space even with our suitcases on the floor at times, oh and the beds are really comfortable. Breakfast was perfect, choice of yoghurt, endless cereal choices, continental foods, hot buffet, juice, all type of coffee etc with a large dining area to cater for everyone with flexible breakfast times.We spent a couple evenings in the bar, drinks were reasonable London prices, music was good. I found the staff friendly, the hotel clean and…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Don't stay long.,"I imagine that St.Giles is a perfect and affordable hotel for a short stay - a funfilled weekend with a minimum of time actually spent at the hotel. Having stayed there for three weeks during London 2012 the severe flaws did however become evident. The basic rooms are really small, hobbit small. I had to move the bedsidetables just to get enough floorspace to be able to open my bag. The breakfast has a seriously limited supply of stuff and some (not all) of the staff were arrogant and not overtly serviceoriented.  Again, a short stay will probably work fine at St.Giles as the location is awesome. You can tube anywhere from Tottenham Court Road and are within walkingdistance of alot of the downtown sights. The British Museum is virtually just around the block.  But to sum it up:…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
5274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5270-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Thoroughly unpleasant,"I accept this is a budget hotel but it really is unpleasant. It is well located near Oxford st and tottenham court road (it's main attribute)   The public areas are just about acceptable. However, in my experience the room was small and tatty. The window catch was damaged so I couldn't even close it all night.   The breakfast was very mediocre. Obviously cheap low quality ingredients.   Overall a bit grubby and certainly not displaying a positive impression of london hospitality  ",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,At least the location is goood,"The price for the location is great. Also the staff was very helpful, though a bit unpolished. the room has new but small HD TVs and a recently redone smallbathroomD  The rooms was tiny and despite decent furnishings it still felt old. The hallways were dingy and as I was there in the summer the room was extremely muggy. Even on the 6th falling asleep with the window hope. Left me with a bit too much of an Urban soundtrack.   Tldr-not that nice but cheap and in a great location. ",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central location at a good price,"A hotel with what you need in a very good location at Tottenham Court Road. Prices are attractive compared other hotels in the area. Can be a bit crowded at times, especially elevators are few and slow.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
5277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"My daughter and I spent 4 nights here during the Olympics and paid a fortune for a tiny dark room.. We were told check-in was after 2pm. We arrived at 3pm and were told to go away as the room was not ready. I suffer health problems and needed to rest. We waited 45 minutes before the room was ready. I complained,only to be told that check-in was any time after 2 pm. The reception staff were very unhelpful. Breakfast was very poor. I would not recommend a stay here. There are far better much cheaper hotels in London.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
5278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in central London,"I stayed here for one night when attending the Olympics at the Olympic Stadium. The room and ensuite were small but were clean, comfortable and perfectly adequate.  The staff were friendly, efficient and knowledgeable.  The breakfast was a good standard full buffet.  The hotel is a few minutes walk from Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road underground station, which was ideal for my trip to the Olympic Stadium and Hyde Park the next day.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5275-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shocker,I stay here often for work (booked by my employer) and it's a shocking hotel. the only good thing is the location being very close to Tottenham Court Road tube.   The rooms are terrible and the breakfast is awful.,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
5280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Stayed here for 4 nights, together with firends. The location is perfect, could not get better! You are right next to Oxford street and the tube, so you can easily get wherever you want. The rooms were OK in size, so was the bathroom. Rooms might look a bit old-fashioned, but it did not bother us, as we did not spend too much time in the room anyways. The staff were welcoming and polite, and our room was always clean. Even though it is placed in the heart of London, there is very little noise, of course, you can hear the traffic every now and then, but it did not bother us. Would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Location!,This hotel was bang right in the center of London!! Great location! However the room myself and my friend shared was rather small with a really really bad view of a roof of another building! We weren't in the hotel much as we were oot discovering London so didn't really bother us to much but if we had been in the hotel more then it wouldn't have been good at all! Breakfast was fab with loads of choice. I would stay in this hotel again but mainly for location ;-),Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
5282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, in need of updating","Fantastic location, across the road from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station, beside one of the theatres and leads onto Oxford street - you couldn't want more in London for the price. However, the hotel is in serious need of re-decoration. The recpetion is nice, well laid out and offers a concierge service and the staff were very friendly but it all goes downhill when you walk into the lifts. The mirrors are so old you can't see in them! Our room was tiny by European standard and fixtrures and fittings needed a lot of attention. Bathroom and linens were clean. Window in the room was tiny and didn't open very far - the temperature in London was mid twenty's when we were there - could have done with a bit more air in the room. Overall, fantastic location and if you're not that…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stay away!,"I Stayed at St.Giles Hotel London for 4 nights in July, together with my family. I will strongly advice you to stay away from this hotel! The hotel does not meet the standards of 2012 at all. For example are there huge lines at the lifts, the rooms are extremely small; the hotel is dirty and noisy.  Staff at the hotel are unfriendly and do not recognize you as a customer. They do charge for breakfast, but this is a joke…   You will get much more for your money eating at a café nearby.  Housekeeping at the hotel dropped my shaver on the bathroom-floor and damaged it. No notice were given and I found my shaver on the sink in many pieces. I contacted the reception and they promised me to look into it, and everybody was very sorry for what had happened.  The following 2 days I…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
5284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5280-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for a stopover,We stayed here due to the fact that we were going to a show in Tottenham Court Road so it was very convenient. We were also leaving via the Euro Star the following day so it made sense to stay. It was nothing remarkable but the room was very clean and tidy. The staff helpful and friendly.   Though not fault of the hotels - we did find it very noisy as our room overlooked the road. But then we should have expected it since it's in the middle of London and London NEVER sleeps!,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,We found the St Giles a great place for us in London. The staff that we came in contact with were all friendly and helpful. The room we had was a standard double room. It was clean and big enough for the 2 of us. The breakfast had plenty to choose from and the dining room big enough to find a table as soon as we arrived. We walked or caught a bus to anywhere we wanted to go in London. We were on Level 1 and we used the stairs to come down. We gave up trying to get a lift down as there are only 4 lifts so this could be a problem if you were on one of the middle floors. If we were to return to London this is where we would be staying.,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, that's all","Reached after a long journey to find a matchbox size room with a cupboard size bathroom. The wash basin was chipped and the shower area was like climbing into a dark and dank cell. The room was claustrophobic - asked for a fan that never came, so had to open the single corner window. Somebody had vomited outside my room and it was cleaned after three complaints.   The check out was bad as the lady said I could leave then came running after me to say that I had not paid! When I informed her that the company had paid, she said alright. However, the next day she told somebody that I was still in the same room!  The only saving grace was the location and the typical English breakfast - but the same every day. The Concierge was however very helpful.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for what you need  .  . .,"There are many outstanding factors to this hotel.  First, the location is excellent.  Right in the heart of London, immediately north of Soho and walking distance to the theaters and even to Hyde Park if you like to walk.  Second, given the location, the value could not be beat.  Third, and most important if you like to keep fit while away, the hotel is attached to the Central YMCA; a four story gym made available to hotel guests for a very low rate (5 pounds when I visited).  The only downside is that, as a single traveler, the room was rather small; but that is expected in London.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Tourist trap,"Stay away from this hotel at all costs. Someone cloned my keycard, entered in my room while I was away and stole money from the safe. Despite the hotel being very polite with the incident, the London Metropolitan Police where we registered the case had no doubts that it was an inside job. Who else would have access to the reception system and the safe master code? The bottomline is, would you risk ruining your trip?",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5285-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does the job,"Stayed 1 night in an exec room which we used only to sleep with us being out all day. Pros - location which is perfect, free exec breakfast at the on site Japanese restaurant, views (we stayed on the top floor in RT6), staff (fairly friendly) and cleanliness (no complaints). Cons - no free wifi in rooms, room was fairly small for an exec (I have stayed in one twice the size at the same hotel). Overall a good choice",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing room size,Short 2 night stay in business. Surely the plus of this hotel is location. The rooms are very small... service is ok but because is very busy hotel you don't feel they peraonalized and looked after..,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
5291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A 'just okay' experience!,"We stayed at the St Giles New York, so were looking forward to what this one had to offer. We were left disappointed and felt a bit rushed and unwelcome.  The reception staff were rude and abrupt and we were just thrown our keys and weren't told anything about our room. For £100 on a weekday for a double room, I expected more.   The staff need to go see how they do it at NYC! ",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very poor CS and careless hotel,"Terrible hotel. Don't choose them!! I've once made a general enquiry via their website and they replied very quickly. Yet, after I left this hotel and backed to my country, I found they deducted the hotel fee again from my credit. This is their careless mistake and I informed them but this time no one reply me! I sent 2 more times emails to them afterward but still no reply for a week. So be careful! They'll ignore everything after they receive your money! ",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
5293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean and well priced hotel","I always stay at the St Giles when I am in London on a short break. Its location is ideal, the rooms are clean, the staff very professional and thorough. The rooms can be small, the single rooms are tiny but fully functional. However when I go to London its to get out and about, so as a base this hotel is perfect. As other reviewers have said the rooms can be hot and that would be my only negative comment. Fans are provided in all rooms if needed. The hotel is busy but I have always found the staff to be very efficient. I stay here up to 4 times a year and have brought family and friends to it and all have agreed its ideal. I hold a great affection for the place, as its been my home on many brilliant trips to the city. You can walk to all the main theatres, the shops in Oxford…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5290-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OK,"I stayed here with a friend for 6 days in the middle of July 2012. At first we were pleasantly surprised by the modern interior in the lobby, but when we saw our room we were very disappointed. It was tiny and looked more like a closet than a bedroom. The room was dated, however the bathroom was modern and had obviously been updated quite recently. The staff was friendly and helpful and the location is very good. All in all, the Hotel was ok for a couple of days.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean but small rooms","Stayed for 2 nights from 07/07/12.  A very busy hotel, clean & friendly staff.  Upgraded as room wasn't ready & was excited until we entered the room & it was quite small.  Shower/bathrooom a squeeze but good hot water.  Rooms get very hot & you can't open window far.  Friends room tiny, beds to walls.  Nice breakfast, simple european style.  No toast as ""not european"" as I was informed.  Bar in the evening, relaxing.  Excellent location, nowhere far on foot.  Spa/swimming pool in another building down the road. Overall, fab if you want to get your head down & want a breakfast in the morning.  It's not for spending time in the room.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Gret location, clean room, cheap, would reccomend!","My girlfriend and I spent 4 nights in London at the end of June. We had a great stay in London, made even more so by the staff at St Giles Hotel!  Be aware, it is a very busy hotel. There is nothing wrong with that of course, but it will not be everyone's cup of tea. As per London standards too, the rooms are small. This too was fine for us as we came to London to see the sites, not to hang around our hotel room watching tv and eating room sevice. So ignore other reviews who complain about this.   The hotel was right near Tottenham Court Road train station, just off Charring Cross Rd, and an easy walk to the main sites of Lodon such as Big Ben, Trafalgar Square etc. The walk to sites like the Palace will not take 5 minutes, but it is a lovely walk through London so who cares.…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Decent enough if you need to be in the west end. But, rooms are very small and often bits of them don't work.   Doesn't stop me staying there though! Location really is a draw. ",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay in the heart of shopping and theatre district,"We stayed overnight at the St Giles and found the hotel clean and perfectly adequate. The staff are helpful and the location was excellent as we went to see ""We will rock you"" which is just around the corner. Very reasonable prices and the breakfast has something for everyone. I have stayed here previously with a friend and will probably stay again. No complaints!",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5295-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,awful.. but great location,This was our second stay here and my parents have stayed 4 times before. We have never had a problem and although rooms are small the staff have always been great and location is fantastic.. until now..................... we decided to take our 6 yr old son to london for 2 days and also watch the lion king for his 6th birthday so we booked the triple room.... well.... the 'double bed' was more like a large single and it couldnt even fit 2 normal sized pillows on it so had cot bed pillows instead. we had the worst nights sleep as the bed was so uncomfortable 3 days later our backs are still killing us. the single bed for our son was a pull out form the wardrobe and was a full size single which was good. the bathroom was so small and it smelt of mildew and damp which was gagging.…,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
5300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great overnight stay,Stayed here for one night as a layover on the way to Paris. Paid for a deluxe room and got an upgrade to an executive room A Gala casino is next door with an entrance from the hotel. There is a huge pool which is available to residents Executive rooms get a free breakfast  The rooms are clean and airy The breakfast was lovely The location is good Not the prettiest or swankiest hotel but great value and great extras,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A Decent 3 Star in a Handy Location,"I stayed at the St Giles in April for 9 nights whilst on a placement in London. Overall I had a good stay at the hotel with few problems. I stayed in a Small Single room which I must stress is extremely small. However the room was well fitted, bed very comfortable and I had a newly refurbished bathroom. The size of the room didn't really pose much of a problem for me as I didn't spend that much time in the room (something that I imagine would be true for many staying in London). On the other hand if you do prefer a bigger room it may be worth paying extra for the larger single rooms. Walls were a bit on the thin side so noise did prove to be a bit of a problem at times but nothing that caused me too much disturbance. The hotel is located near Oxford Street on Tottenham Court…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Safe choice,"Hi, second time we have stayed here and would have no hesitation staying again. Excellent location, a bit like a human battery farm, but you know what you are getting, clean well equipped rooms, competent staff. My 80 year old mother said she would come back on her own because it felt very safe.If you are staying more than one night I would get a deluxe room for the extra space.Commendably the breakfast is a reasonable price and the coffee shop is cheaper than those in the surrounding area so you never feel that you are being ripped off.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money.,Small clean rooms. Not luxury and very small but very nice staff. Very helpfull fab location. We had no bother using the lifts like other guests seem to have had. Worse thing for me was the lack of good lighting in the room only small bedside lamps. But if your on a budget a goodhotel. ,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5300-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You get what you pay for.,"Have stayed here before a year or so ago. The place itself is featureless but if you want a location that is well situated for the shows and theatres then this takes some beating. We Will Rock You is showing literally just around the corner. The other side of Tottenham Court Road / Charing Cross Road is China Town and Soho so plenty to do and see. The other direction about five minutes walk is the British Museum so really cannot fault the location. Reception can get busy with queues very evident. The four lifts sometimes struggle to serve those wanting to use them. The breakfast is best taken out of the hotel, there is plenty of choice locally, cheaper and better quality food and surroundings. The rooms are extremely small with some having the bed right against the wall. The…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So its not the Ritz...........,"........ but then again it doesnt pretend to be.  If you want a hotel where the staff try their best in a place that is a little tired but still homely then you should try here.  When you figure that the rates for a standard room are very reasonable for London then maybe some people on here wouldnt be so harsh.  I got checked in by a trainee called Richard and to be honest if the hotel is training people to be like him then they are onto a winner, his superior Vanessa was also very helpful dealing with my issues on check-in which weren't the hotels fault.  The room was adequate and fairly comfy.  The gem that you need to try is the Asian/Japanese restaurant attached to the hotel called Hakuba.  This place is fantastic, if you stay as a guest of the hotel you get 20% off, which…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short Break,"Had a couple of nights stay to celebrate my birthday. The location is absolutely brilliant, walking distance for Chinatown, shops and shows. Room was small but clean and comfortable. However when it came to breakfast that is another matter. If you can get the room without breakfast then you will eat far better and cheaper in surrounding cafes.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, otherwise lacking","I have stayed at this hotel many times in the last few years, but never through choice. It is a large, anonymous hotel, with adequate facilities but totally lacking any charm. Being well positioned and large, it is home to large groups of tourists and others so be prepared for long queues for everything. Rooms are small and airless but generally quite clean. Facilities are bare necessities; towels, kettle, the usual items of the most basic standard (not even shortbread biscuits!).  Problems: no air conditioning and if you keep the window open (a necessity) then there's a fair bit of street noise. The lifts are inadequate and at busy times you can wait 20 minutes to get in one.  Breakfast is a large room with plentiful supplies of cereal, drinks, fruit, cold eggs, cold…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,In the middle of London,This is a very nice hotel right in the middle of London...at the Tottenham Court Road underground. Can´t get much better!,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5305-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but badly needs an upgrade,"The plus point here is the location, which is pretty central, within walking distance to many tourist spots.  The hotel itself is very busy and the lifts are slow particularly at peak times, checking in and out. The rooms are so small that a cat would have difficulty trying to swing a mouse in here! There is not a lot of room so keep your shoes on or you'll be stubbing your toes. The bathroom is even smaller and there was a shower curtain which did not keep water in so don't leave your clothes or towel lying on the floor they'll be soaked for sure. Breakfasts are ok but the dining room is like a canteen.  The rooms could do with an upgrade. I know most people don't plan on spending time in their hotel room but it's nice to have a little comfort and space when your in it,…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location.,Have just enjoyed a one night stay at The St Giles Hotel. We booked a standard room initially but on seeing it found it to be quite small and the shower was really tiny so upgraded by paying another £40 to an executive room on floor 13 which was very nice. Lovely views across London a much larger room and ensuite bathroom and had an executive breakfast included. Its location is ideal for the west end theatres and accesible to all major train stations via the tube staion close by. The only real issue was the lifts. You have to wait ages for them to arrive.  Over all a great stay. Thank You.,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Over NIght Stay,"i Stayed her for one night.The room was small but quiet cosy and clean.The thing i would say is the towels are MINUTE, I am a size 10 and i couldnt get it around me ,I am sure it was a hand towel, not even a bath towel. There were no complimentry goodies and it lacked character. The pillows were very flat and the bed was very noisy even when just changing position in the night. Good central location, not bad price but didn't get breakfast even though we paid £99 for one night.  I would stay again but take my own towel.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Love this place!,"Have stayed here three times now and never had any problems with it. Most recent stay was one of the larger rooms - it had air conditioning so I suppose it was a bit more expensive. Lovely bathroom , such a comfy bed and the noise was well blocked out also - I had a fantastic sleep each night right in the centre of one of the worlds busiest cities! On our 1st stay I will say that we had a smaller room - one without air con. My guess is that the rooms with air con are bigger so if the budget allows go with one of those. Location fantastic. 5 mins from oxford st, tube station 2 mins away. I love this hotel!!",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pictures are deceptive,"Don't be fooled by the picture of the reception. Reception area great. Bedroom smaller than a cabin bunk. Linen old, carpets shabby, towels minute. Location good, no wifi have to pay, laundry expensive. Not cheap. Staff not vey friendly, won't stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5310-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"great location, good price",The room was clean and had good facilities.  The tube station is only 2 mins walk and there are lots of nice places to eat within walking distance.  Overall I thought this was a great location for a sight seeing trip to London!,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,last time in this life,"my daughter keeps booking this disgusting place just because is very close to theater but is awful,dirty,terrible!! Run away if you can,do not go... it seem a two star hotel...breakfast is bleahhhh!! rooms are dirty,small and look oldddd and smelly",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
5316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,easily the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.,"had to stay here a month.  my room was the size of a cabin bunk below deck on a small fishing boat.  no joke.  wouldn't have been so bad if the staff had not INVADED MY ROOM 5 DIFFERENT TIMES, 4 OF THEM WHILE I WAS ASLEEP.   instance 1:  5am wake up call.  I did not order a wake up call. instance 2:  5am taxi.  I did not order a taxi instance 3:  maid busts right on in, even though there's a ""do not disturb"" sign on the door, while I was asleep. instance 4:  maid busts right on in, while I'm in my underwear, brushing my teeth, ""do not disturb"" sign still on door. instance 5: concierge shows up at my door, 2:30am, ""sir you are awake?  this is your wake up call.  oh you did not order a wake up call.""  and then there's the usual crap:  loud outside, construction in the building,…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
5317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Can't beat it for an overnight stay in London,"Stayed here with my daughter for one night whilst we went to see 'Jersey Boys' (which was fantastic by the way). Checkin very quick, although we arrived  early (mid day) the room was ready which made it good that we could freshen up before we went to the matinee performance of the show. Although the room was very small, for an overnight stay that was no problem, as when in London you don't spend much time in your room. Didn't have the full breakfast but went to the Coffee bar and had two coffees, two fruit salads and two bacon rolls for under £10.00, well worth the money. Would deffinitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"lovely hotel, fab location !","we stayed for one night, Booked deluxe double room. Reading some of the reviews was a bit worried but no need room was lovely, clean, spacious with fab views over london. Checked in early, no problem with lifts, breakfast upgraded to restaurant which was really nice. cooked breakfast, cereals, continental, all you could eat!. Left case for the day whilst we went shopping siteseeing conceige very helpfull!. Round the corner from dominion, oxford street, museum. Would definately stay again!.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5315-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"WOW! A panoramic view of London not to be beaten and a complete surprise.  Only paid £155 for one night and were booked into the top floor with a full breakfast included aswell.  Location can't be beaten either, turn left for hustle and bustle, turn right for quite serenity.  Bliss. Will definately return to that room RT2",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, perfect area!","Stayed here overnight for the Queens Jubilee. The hotel was within perfect location for all of our trips and only a 10 minute taxi ride to all the shops! The hotel itself appears rather swanky yet the attitude of the staff is very laid back and welcoming! The rooms we're rather small and our view was of the wall opposite, but they did the job, they were bright and clean. The only fault we had was the card machine in the downstairs bar. It denied 2 of our parties cards and the barmaid blamed it on the built up area, which meant a quick dash in the rain to a nearby cashpoint, apart from that everything ran very smoothly and we appreciated being able to check in a lot earlier than we were supposed to, and being able to leave our luggage with the concierge.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"St. Giles Hotel, London is located at the Tottenham Court Road end of Oxford Street, and you literally just cross the road and you're there..so location is superb. The rooms are not very big, but big enough, i assume no one else is traveling to London to stay in their rooms either. Breakfast have good variety, and there is something there for everyone..if breakfast is not included in you stay..i think £10 a day is a bit much. I have stayed here three times, and the rooms have been clean and staff has bee very helpful each time I can wholeheartedly recommend St.Giles for your London trip.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
5322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A nice hotel which is good value for maney,"We stayed here for 2 nights whilst my husband was in hospital. Our room was very nice well furnished and bigger than expected. Very clean, lovely comfortable bed and nice bed linen. Good tea and coffee facilities with staff very nice and keen to help Breakfast was busy but lots of choice and you werent rushed, always a good sign. I didnt get to try the pool etc as it wasnt a holiday stay but I would definetley stay in this hotel again. It is very close to good underground links  and round the corner from the theatre. I found the reception were very helpful with my husband and it was very much appreciated",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"An executive double room in a central location at london for less than £150? Whats not to love. I've stayed in 'cupboard' rooms in london central that cost up to £100 per night. Compared to those d executive rooms here were positively palatial. You couldn't ask for more location wise and the ensuite bathroom was spacious.   Our room had adjustable ac, refrigerator, complimentary teas, water and snacks. Breakfast served till 10:30 was also a good thing. Many of the reviews here complained about d lifts waitin times but we only experienced a longer than normal waitin for the lifts only on a handful of occassions in 'peak' times. After a couple of days you tend to know when these peak times are and if u adjust ur schedule slightly then it eliminates any irritating wait for lifts. …",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5320-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for the price,"I have stayed at this hotel many times and have always had a good room i was worried when i read some of the listings, this stay was a bit special so i booked a exec suit. this was on the seventh floor with great views over London. Now the good bit, the Staff are ALL so freindly. So a little tip, spend the extra for a suit, (good breakfast) I will be back soon!",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Back in March I stayed at the St Giles twice, using it as a London overnighter before and after a longer trip. During the past 10 years I've stayed at the St Giles more than 200 nights. I've stayed in many London hotels, but the St Giles location is so good that I can tolerate many of the issues.  Walk to theatre, clubs, restaurants etc. The underground - central and northern lines - is on your doorstep. Walk or tube to major stations (eg: Kings Cross, Euston, Waterloo, CC). Plenty of bus routes. Best of all is the wide variety of food and entertainment within walking distance. I've used this hotel for business (commuting out of town, or into the city) and pleasure (theatre, galleries etc...).   Issues: 1. Most rooms are small - you can opt for larger rooms at cost 2. Noise in…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Old and poor service,"Very disappointing stay. There is a lack of customer care from staff at this hotel.  They seem to lack any warmth or smiles. I was lost trying to find my room and the cleaning lady just ignored me. Reception staff were robotic and unhelpful. Although this hotel states it has refurbished rooms, if you do have to stay here, ensure you get one. My room was abysmal. It was so small you couldn’t move. A tiny ‘double’ bed. The linen and pillows smelt disgusting. One handle off the window was broken. Filthy carpet and the smallest bathroom ever. The noise levels are extreme. Poorly insulated rooms so traffic and party people all though the night. I paid a discounted price of £120 from Agoda but it certainly was not worth that. I have stayed in other hotels nearly by from £80 a night…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What a hotel!!!!,"I would not stay at this hotel ever again. I had a room on the 12th floor it was unclean, poor maintained, very uncomfortable, it's was Hot with no air con. I went to open the window and the safety bar on the window was broken so I could open it fully( not safe). I could hear everything that was going on outside the room and the room next door.  In the morning breakfast was very poor like a staff canteen!!! I stay in premier inn a lot and premier inn is far,far better.   The room was £96 a night, I would pay half that.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
5328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good value, great location",We weren't expecting much for this price in London but actually found it to be quite good.,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5325-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,OMG,"Booked up to stay here because the location was just superb, went to see we will Rock You, which may I add is a fantastic show and only around the corner from the hotel.......as soon as we arrived the foyer looked grande and very well presented. The plus points of view. 1. Ideal location for west end. 2. you can you leave your luggage in reception area for a mere pound. 3 .The foyer The negatives.. 1. The carpet in our room was "" sticky "" can't say as all carpets are like this though 2. Air condition units outside of bedroom was extremely noisy 3. Two single beds put together to make a whole bed - that moved on wheels... 4. Breakfast buffet was very tasteless 5. paid less to stay and eat in a premiere inn than what we paid to stay here.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
5330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Last minute booking - great deal,"Last minute booking and managed to get a great deal at the hotel.  Great location for all attractions.  Staff were great, after arriving early, we were allowed to check-in an hour before the stated time - which after a long drive was very welcome.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small room but great location,"The room was pretty small, even by London standards - but the location was fantastic - around 10-15 minute walk to Covent Garden or Leicester Square - 5 minutes to the British Museum - it was lovely not to have to buy a travel card for a couple of days and the weather co-operated. Pluses - The room was clean on arrival, staff were helpful, we were able to check in early as the rooms were ready early, there are convenient shops nearby. Minuses- traffic noise on Bedford Avenue side in the morning was annoying, lights illuminating hotel at night made the room quite bright, lift queues after breakfast were a nightmare-I was glad we were on a low floor and could take the stairs, mid-stay room clean wasn't as good as the room clean at the start. All things weighed up - I would stay…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel - fantastic room,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel June 15th-18th 2012 and were rather nervous about what we would get after reading so many negative reviews about the rooms, staff and noise. We booked a deluxe room and were (without having to ask) upgraded to an executive suite! The room was very clean, modern with a lovely comfy bed. The room was a great size and had great views of big ben, westmister abbey, the BT tower and the battersea power station. The room was fully air conditioned and was very quiet - we were not disturbed once by other guests. The room was cleaned and fresh towels and complimentary mineral water were topped up every day. On check in the staff were friendly and helpful although we didn't really need the staff's help for our stay so didn't speak to them much. All in…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location great price,Perfect location for shopping good price. The suite was very nice had a great stay over the jubilee weekend . Would recommend,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5330-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The mouse let it down,"Just on the train home from an overnight stay in St Giles, I requested a low floor room when I first booked the hotel and received excellent first class service from a staff member by email and he followed through with his promise. The room was great had everything & more, the location is just as good 2 mins to Oxford street what more can you ask for. The only thing I can raise in a negative sense is while myself & my wife were relaxing in the bar a mouse came flying towards us a number of times before we could jump out of our seats, I called one of the service staff in the bar and made her aware of the problem her response was ""oh really, ahhh""???? I thought she might have misunderstood me so I explained it again and got a similar response. I would certainly recommend the hotel…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Hotel ok, internet too expensive","Located in the heart of london, it is clean, staff kind, room ok. Internet costs five pound per hour!",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Basic but great location,"Breakfast buffet is good as there is a lot of choice and plenty of seating. The room (standard twin) was basic but had everything needed. The only problem was it is like a maze, the lifts take ages to arrive so I tried some stairs that said 'exit' and ended up in the kitchens..poorly signposted where staff exits are but otherwise ok. I'm not sure about value for money as it seems there are deals on some really great hotels through lastminute.com but great location...oh ONE pillow only on the beds :/",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Long weekend stay,"We stayed hear for 3 nights. Excellent location, right by Tottenham Court Road Underground station and many bus stops. It is also within easy walking distance of west end and Leicester Square and only 15 minutes walk from Mayfair. The hotel itself is typical 3* with long waits for the lifts at peak times and only an almost hidden stair way that is very basic. The hotel is very clean and the staff are efficient and friendly.  Our room was on the second floor overlooking the main entrance. It was extremely small with only enough room for one person to move around at a time. It was also very hot, with the air conditioning too noisy to use and the window only opened a small way, so not letting enough air in the room, it was also too noisy to leave it open. The bed was very…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location!,"We stayed at the St Giles for a 2 night London Break (Sunday - Tuesday).  This is a well positioned hotel very close to Tottenham Court Road Station and a short walk to Oxford Street. Covent Garden and all the London sights. We had a comfortable room in the West Tower (312). Check in & out was quick and easy and storage of cases on checkout was a free service.  We didnt use the hotel facilities, but the room was clean and big enough for a short stay.  Bathroom decent size and with a powerful shower. Usual tea/coffee making facilities etc. Was not too noisy despite its central location but black out curtains (instead of Venetian blinds) would be beneficial on a summers morning if you dont want to be up at the crack of dawn! For the money paid, this hotel was good value.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5335-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Adequate but not enjoyable,"We stayed at the St. Giles for one night. The reservations area has been updated and the logo for the hotel makes it look like it's quite lovely. However, our room was barely adequate and the beds, two singles, were bouncy and uncomfortable. The window opened only to some sort of machine like a giant air conditioner, so it was very noisy for sleeping. The breakfast buffet was quite tasteless; the eggs tasted like they were powdered and there wasn't even toast. Overall, not good value for the money.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"A stop gap, nothing more!","I don't travel a great deal and when I do its mainly for work therefore I don't expect the earth but, I did expect a bed that didn't wobble.  On arrival it was pleasant enough, I booked in and went to my room and sat on one of the twin beds. The bed then move d sideways but without its feet moving off the floor so I tried the other one which was marginally better so I slept in that. The bathroom is tiny and so is the door to the room.  Breakfast wasn't what I would expect of a hotel of this size placed where it is. I had cereal and then went over to get a cooked breakfast. The choice for the English breakfast was Beans, Hash Brown, Bacon, Scrambled Egg and Sausage - No Mushrooms or Tomatoes! I had what I could and Scrambled Egg. The Egg when cut open (as it appeared to be in a…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"Stayed here 13th & 14th June.  After reading the reviews, I wasn't expecting too much but I was  pleasantly surprised.  The room was small but there was plenty of storage space.  A very good clean but small bathroom, plenty towels, tea & coffee making facilties, extra pillows, a safe.  We were on the first floow at the back of the building.  Beds were very comfortable and we heard no noise.  We decided against staying in the hotel for breakfast - as it looked too canteenish and noisey. There are two Pret a Manger restaurants - two minutes from the hotel.  Very reasonable with fab food.  One on the corner of Oxford Street and the other on Totten Court Road.  There is a bus stop two minutes from the hotel (turn right as you come out the front door) and the number 10 or 14 bus will…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location - excellent value for money,"We stayed at the Giles over the weekend; the location of the hotel is excellent and Tottenham Court Road tube is literally just around the corner. We have a beautifulo corner room - looked new and a super little dressing room and corner bathroom; couldnt fault it. Spent funds in the late night bar and the casino - where we won but definitely didnt break the bank!  The casino is a bit of fun - Gala so just for a late night flutter. The only downside was the lifts; it was almost impossible to get a lift in the morning.  4 lifts to service goodness only how many bedrooms was woefully insufficient.  The concierge staff however were excellent at obtaining taxis, looking after luggage etc. All in all tho, assuming you dont stay on the top floor, I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good value for money.","St. Giles hotel is very conveniently situated. It is just off Oxford street, near Tottenham Court Road Underground Station (Central and Northern lines). It has a few very decent restaurants around the corner (Garfunkel's and Café Rouge), and a supermarket (and some other shops like Boots) across the street.  We arrived at the St. Giles quite early on a Saturday, around 10 o'clock in the morning, but this was no problem. We could check in and go to our rooms right away. Check in was efficient and quick. One of the next days, our room key had stopped working, but it was fixed right away.  Our first impression from the outside was that the hotel looked slightly old and worn, but on the inside the hotel looks new and quite chic.  There were six lifts in the lobby, and other than…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5340-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shabby and very overcrowded,"Ther first impression wasn't too bad but moments later we waited with quite a few other people for a good 5 minutes for the lift !! Room was a huge dissapointment with very tired decor and a really cramped feeling . Only one towel and a poorly vented and smelly toilet. The state of the bar can only be described as appaling with ripped and collapsed seats.  Breakfast was a whole new experience for us. We queued for approx 5 minutes to fight for a table. You then get a tray if you can find one and queue for 5 or 10 minutes for a ""cooked"" breakfast. It was really horrible with stale bread, the cheapest and nastiest croissant ever and worst of all NO TOAST !!! If you have to stay on business you may just put up with it for one night, as the location is very central, but if it…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, not a great stay.","I spent one night here on business, the location is terrific, really useful for the sights if that's what you are after. The room was extremely disappointing, small and cramped, the breakfast was not included and cost a £10 and was without doubt the worst I have encountered in any work stay.  Ii you want a good location then this is great, if you want comfort and value then I would look elsewhere.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value,"This is a good 3*, glad we upgraded to a larger room, didn't get much sleep as the room was very hot and we had to have the window open but the noise was not good, we were quite high up but we could hear people talking in the street below and sirens seem to be going every 5 mins but it is a good location not far from kings cross and close to the theatres but we will not be staying there again as we don't like sleepless nights. Breakfast was ok but nobody to tell you where anything was and no toast, but good price for London.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a pleasant stay in what should be a nice hotel.,"I stayed here in early May when the heat was baking in London so here is my first point, no air con, tiny room with a small window. So the room was hot. Also, due to no air con, the only way to get air in the room was to keep the window open and the street noise all night was considerable.   The room was small and looked like it had been left behind in another time and the bed, while comfy had those horrible fitted sheets when a light quilt would have been fantastic.   The bathroom was small and not the best. Cracks in tiles, mould and also ""yellowing"" of areas that have just been left unmaintained over the years.   As a final thought, the lift broke and I was stuck in there with a German and a very nervous woman for 15 minutes. The German started jumping and tried to get us…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
5348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles - so handy,"This hotel is good value and very close to everything we wanted - shopping on Oxford Street and Covent Garden and clubs and pubs in Soho.  Our twin room wasn't as small as I was expecting after reading other reviews, perhaps twin rooms are larger than doubles.  We were on the 12th floor at the back so noise from the street didn't bother us.  Breakfast was good, just missing the 'takes for ever' toaster but rolls and croissants were fine.  I wish people wouldn't pile up their plates then leave half of it, it's a buffet so if they can always go back for more if they didn't get enough first time round.  I will be staying here again as it's good value for such a central location.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5345-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Value For Money,"Room small but adequate. Free safe,  Good tea and coffee facilities. Clean, fresh towels, breakfast a little like a busy canteen but food excellent. Room a little noisy but it does overlook Tottenham Court Road, can the hotel be held responsible for police sirens and adjacent building works? Have stayed here three years running. Good value for money.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fair Value,"Good location just a few steps from Tottenham Court Rd Station. Easy and efficient check in with friendly staff. The room though a little small adequate with enough storage. Décor a little dated artex  walls and ceiling, however maintained and clean. Shower room good. O nice to see extra pillows in wardrobe ready for use rather than having to call reception. Continental and English breakfast were self service and plenty of choice and well prepared and presented. On the hole a fairly priced hotel  considering the location in the capital.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good location,"Stayed here for the jubilee weekend.  Arrived at 10.30am and were able to get into the room straight away.  We had booked a standard twin but were allocated an upgraded room which looked as though it has been recently modernised and had a separate area with a small sofa, a second tv and a drinks fridge.  The bathroom was fairly large, had a bath as well as a shower and a window.  We also had an air conditioning unit.  We were at the end of the corridor and were lucky with our neighbours as we didn't hear any noise from other guests.  It was noisy in the street outside, but that is only to be expected when staying in such a central location, and in my opinion is more acceptable than noise from other, inconsiderate, guests.  As we were on the first floor we did not use the lifts…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for short stay!!,"I chose this hotel on price and location.  We were not disappointed.  If you are able to walk the hotel is very well situated for all main attractions in London, and there was a lovely French cafe next door where we had breakfast each morning.  The first night we had some very noisy neighbours, but after we spoke to the manager in the morning she moved us to a another room with no fuss, even though the hotel was very busy.  The rooms were clean and comfortable. The concierges were always willing to help get taxis etc.  I would stay in this hotel again, it was great value for money.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,ok for one night,"Me and my friend booked a twin room for just one night, due to its location near the theatres.Our last visit was a very hot day and at night we had to have our fan on and window open.However the noise from the road was hard to get passed. Its ok for one night as its basic, small but near all the theatre land.But i woudnt stay more than that.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
5354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5350-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Jubilee Celebrations cramped,"Have stayed in this hotel previously a few years ago and loved it then. Decided last minute to go to London for the Jubilee celebrations. We were very disappointed as the room was very small with just enough room for double bed and a separate small room with sofa bed and TV and desk - had booked double deluxe. Breakfast on the first morning was very chaotic; very very busy with everyone bumping into everyone else and the staff took my tray and half of my breakfast(within 3 seconds literally) when I was getting drink. It was very stressful. On the 2nd morning, we were allowed to have the executive breakfast (in the Chinese restaurant downstairs) this was due to the room we had booked. What a difference! calm, relaxing, waiter service, food cooked fresh to order - just a shame…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"If you want a comfortable sleep/stay, look elsewhere.","Rooms were clean, however, they were very small and extremely noisy. Windows weren't insulated enough to cut out street noise or the cold. Corridor noise was constantly present and housekeeping entered the room twice when the ""Do Not Disturb"" sign was displayed. This was from 8.30am! Check out wasn't until 11am. Got the feeling I was being pushed out. ",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Busy Hotel,"Stayed one night while going to the theatre. The room was quite small and oddly shaped as we were on the end but the bed was comfy. Quite noisy through the night with people tapping on doors and talking outside. Shower room tiny but adequate. Breakfast good and varied, spent a lot of time waiting for the lift which was always full. Have stayed in worse places.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small Room spoilt it,"This hotel is perfectly sited, is clean and tidy, and the breakfast (although extra) is very good. However, the room we had (yes it was the cheapest available) was not much bigger than a single room with a double bed crammed in it. If we had been staying for longer than 2 days I would of asked to move rooms, as it was unbearable. Having said that, the size of the room was the only downside, but I cannot give this hotel a 'very good' rating, as it really got my back up!",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Grubby on arrival and didn't improve.,"Lets start with the good bits - Location was good - Bag storage good - Now the rest -  Indifferent service tiny room, tiny bathroom but yes we had hot water, shame the flimsy (suspect) shower curtain couldnt keep it in the cubicle. No curtains but enclosed blinds, useless so we removed the quilt cover and jammed it around the window. Good nights sleep with earplugs to block out the noise.  Bar area grubby with lots of wires showing in fact lots of wires eveywhere. General feeling of a youth hostel - OK at max £ 50 per night but not at £119. Breakfast forget it - Go to Garfunkels just around the corner. I soon realised why i was asked if I wanted to pay up front Dont bother unless you can get the room for max £50 per night, which fortunately, was the length of our stay !!…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
5359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5355-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,£254 St Giles Rip off,"We booked a triple bedded room, on arrival at check-in were informed it was not a triple but a double and a single bed. My response was no I booked a triple bedded room, not a double bed and a put you up bed ( as described by staff). Pointed out that no where on the site or the paperwork did they sate it was not a triple bedded room. Well we do not have any 3 bedded rooms, so do you want to check in or not!!!! you can refuse to accept.  At 1300 hours and we were there for 3 days to be told well you can always go and find another hotel!!! totally disgusting.  We got to the room, and there were only pillows for 2 people and towels for 2 people.. We left our case and went out, stopping at reception on the way out to ask for the correct amount of pillows and towels for the occupancy…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, bad hygiene and ugly rooms","Jepp, it was a kind of mixed experience. Alltough my fellow travvelers, Bente and Ronny, did not complain too much I have to say that it was all in all substansard except from the location close to Tottenham Court Road.  Many nice scandinavians and Germans at the hotel. Thats the best thing about it.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location!","We chose this hotel almost purely on location, being 2 minutes from Tottenham Court Road tube (where the Central and Northern lines cross) as we knew we would be using these lines most in our trip. Having said that the lobby area is very pleasant, although some more chairs would be welcome. We didn't really experience the queues to check in/check out mentioned by other reviewers, but as we were not travelling en masse we could chose our times at reception. The bedroom was small but perfectly adequate, although the window was very small; however it did open which was a relief as we were there in the recent hot weather.  The bathroom was tiny but the shower worked well and it had everything you need for a city break (not spending much time in your room) except an air vent - given…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,would not return - safety issues..... poor room security,"Have stayed here twice for work - would agree with some of the comments about very small rooms, no natural light - but first time room was clean - and was so so. Breakfast a bit grim - has the ambience of a school canteen but staff were friendly and helpful.  I have just returned from a second stay - very clear room - 'modern' bathroom, again small. Poor sleep due to heat / noise. However was woken up by a male member of staff walking into my room (did not knock the door) at 6.30am - as he said that he had been told by reception that there was a complaint about fly's in the room (which is hardly a good advert for the hotel itself!) (No idea who had advised re fly’s in the room - possibly a mistake, got the wrong room - however standard practice should be to knock and check room…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Central Hotel,"Stayed here for the Jubilee, very central, walking distance to oxford st, covent gardens ect. The tube station is 2 min walk and the area around the hotel is full of shops, bars & restaurants great location  The rooms are small but that is the only negative, would stay here again",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5360-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Queen's Jubilee,"Hotel is centrally located near major attractions and also theatres bars and restaurants. We travelled to London by train and there is a tube station 200mtrs from the hotel, but we walked to most places.  Our room was rather small but as we did not spend much time in it, it was not a problem. Larger rooms are available at additional cost. The bathroom and shower were looking "" tired. ""  There was some noise at night both inside and outside the hotel but possibly due to the occassion. All staff were helpful and polite. We had the coffee and go breakfast which was fine. There is a bar in the hotel which was a bit pricey but this is London! We had to wait sometimes for the lift but the hotel was very busy. Overall a great location and ideal tourist hotel for a short break but not…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What a great hotel for a short trip,"We chose this hotel because it was close to the theatres, in fact it was three doors down from the dominion, there was a tube station just round the corner and plenty of bars and resturants around. The staff at the hotel were all pleasant, helpful and cheerful. All our enquires were delt in a professional and cheerful manner. The rooms werent the largest ive ever been in but we werent there to sit in the rooms, there was plenty of tea and coffee in the rooms, it was very clean. Our room was off to the side so was fairly quiet. The breakfast selection was large although there was a queue at the busiest times. All in all this hotel met our needs and we were impressed with ALL the staff and would go there again",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Jubilee Weekend Visit,"Met up with family who were staying here for 4 nights over the Jubilee festivities. We stayed for one night only as we live close to London. T(he hotel was very busy and had a good atmosphere, but that could have been because of the general feeling of excitement in London over the weekend. Lots of nationalities and the bar was welcoming and packed with guests watching events unfold on Sky news. We were all out and about a lot so didn't stay in hotel much, rooms were tiny, but quite adequate although not a lot of storage space if you were staying for a few nights. Breakfast was fairly basic (9.95 each, if not inc in room price) but I thought that was reasonable considering what some central London hotels charge. This is a fairly basic hotel and that is reflected in the price you…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Stayed here for 2 nights from the 1st June.  Arrived at 10.30 am and was delighted that our room was ready so we were able to drop our case and go enjoy our visit to London.  Spent very little time in the hotel, only using it to change and sleep, our room (758) was quite small but comfortable and clean, the shower room was the smallest I have ever had in a hotel but overall it was adequate for a short break.  All staff were helpful and friendly, we didn't use the leisure facilities or the restaurant so can't comment on these.  As stated by others the location is great and for this reason I would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Poor Customer Service, Terrible Breakfast and Shocking Facilities","This hotel was supposed to be a perfect solution for our busy period of working at the Royal Albert Hall. Centrally placed for the evening and situated only a couple of miles from the venue. The problem was not the location (as that suited our business needs perfectly), it was the poor customer service, the terrible room facilities and the bland and lack of attention to detail when it came to breakfast.  Upon arrival after a busy day at rehearsals, we arrived at the hotel in our work clothes. There was a couple who arrived before us dressed up, who were greeted on the door. We smiled at the member of staff who couldn't even be bothered to smile back, never mind open the door for us! The concierge who are there to obviously offer direction and help customers were useless. We…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
5369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5365-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Central Location,We stayed here on a visit to the Theatre and it was well situated for the underground and well within walking distance of Carnaby Street and Hamblys toy shop. Our room was spotlessly clean and although the hotel is quite large we were pleased to find that it was not very noisy but I have to admit this was on a Wednesday and Thursday.All the staff were very helpful and the breakfast was very good. Facilities seemed quite adequate for disabled people although I did not actually need to make use of those facilities. Breakfast was good and there is a lovely swimming pool. Definately a good choice for convenience.,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location but that's about it !,"Had two rooms for our family one was a twin the other double, the double room was much more spacious that the twin very small. Lifts take ages at peak times which is mostly mornings,it's of folk complaining , breakfast was quite poor but filled a gap. The noise was really bad in both rooms it was warm as there is no air con and even with a do not disturb sign on the door the maids still knock the door and wake you up! Annoying !! If your staying one or two nights it bearable for the location but that's about all it has going for it ! ",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel & great location for sightseeing and theatres,"Just up the road from Tottenham Court Road tube station and a short walk to Oxford Street & Covent Garden this is a great hotel for sight seeing or as we did for the theatres & soho.  We went as part of a theatre package but looking at prices on-line they dont seem unreasonable for hotel only.  The hotel seems to be used by people from all walks of life, tourists, business people and groups were there when we visited.  Reception staff were polite and efficient as were all the staff we met around the hotel.  We had a double room, which was small but adequate and spotlessly clean.  The room had a kettle and staff were happy to provide more milk etc when we ran out, there was also a hairdryer and tv - and everything worked. Towels were fluffy and clean and they provide shower cap &…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"TERRIBLE HOTEL, TERRIBLE SERVICE","Arrived at hotel desk where we told staff we wished to stay 5 days and not 6 days as booked by our travel agent. We were then informed that we could not reduce out stay as the booking had been made by an agent.. We were then told that we would have to get in contact with the agent [who operates from Melbourne Australia] and obtain his approval  The room we were assigned was a disgrace, tiny in the extreme and very noisy  One side of the bed was less than a foot from the wall. One had negotiate this narrow  space, then duck under the wall mounted  tv at the end of the bed.Two suitcases on the  floor took up the remaining space,  By far the worst feature was the noise. Our room was close to the lifts. The room  is an add'on built after the main building was  completed. The wall to…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
5373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles Hotel - London,"Very basic. Tired 60's design. Perfect tourist location and ideal for visitors to London who just want a bed for the night but don't expect anything special. Not ideal for business trips. Rooms small, plain and in need of redecoration. Poor ventilation and no view. Room lighting very poor. Restaurant like school canteen. Waiting for lifts became a bind. Stairs to reception tricky with cases, bags etc. Dread to think how stairs would cope with everyone in event of emergency evacuation.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5370-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A complete dump,"Awful. Slow check in, slow lifts, tiny rooms. Avoid.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
5375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Does the job,"We stayed here last week for 1 night. We had no problems, room was a bit on the small side but that didnt matter it was just somewhere to get ready and then to sleep in.  Excellant location and would go back for that reason!",None,4.0
5376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Borderline Average,"Rooms are small, no air conditioning and no ventilation in the bathroom so in the hot weather got quite unpleasant. Television has poor reception and despite someone coming to take a look it was no better so must be interference from within. Breakfast not included which made price of the room poorer value for money.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Sack the Tube,"Its all about the location for the St. Giles.  The hotel has small rooms, standard for £150 per night has no airconditioning, and after staying 4 nights here 21st - 25th May during the hot weather the room was very hot at night, opening the window added only to the road noise.  Good breakfast hours of 06:30 till 10:30, hotel has two restaurants on site, good prices for central London, under £15 for a main meal plus a glass of wine.  Free electronic safety deposit box in your room.  The hotel is dated, nothing jumps out to grab you, but like I said its all about the location.  The area is clean.  Central London on your doorstep without the need for the Tube, what could be better?",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central but compact,Situated centrally for Theatres and Oxford Street.  Excellent position which is where this hotel really scores high Not so highly rated  is the hotel itself  We found the hotel very busy at times and the rooms very small. Perhaps the rooms would have been tolerable if only the air conditioning was adequate. It was totally inadequate and made our stay uncomfortable The lifts were inefficient and it was quicker to walk. We were only on the second floor so everyone above this must have been really frustrated The buffet breakfast was only just acceptable,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5375-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in an excellent location,"Recently stayed here for 2 nights,  It is an excellent hotel in a great location.  All the staff were very friendly - reception, concierge desk, restaurant etc.  The rooms aren't massive but were very clean and well equipped - air con plus a fan, tea and coffee making facilities, toiletries, lovely fluffy towels etc.  The breakfast was excellent - can't understand a previous review about only 2 items per person.  For us there was a wide choice, including cheeses, meats, full English (bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, beans, hash browns), fruit, rolls, croissants, jam and marmalade, tea, coffee, choice of juices.  And you could have as much as you liked!  Also liked the fact that we arrived about 3 hours before check-in time but we were able to leave our luggage with the concierge…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,really very good!,"it is really a very good hotel! a great location, a few minutes from the underground station, oxford street just around the corner with so many shops and department stores. The british museum is also very near. the room was comfortable and well equipped. there are three restaurants: one italian and it was very good and not expensive, one was chinese and another one asiatic, i tried only the italian one and it was very good, also the breakfast was good, the staff was friendly. i ejoied my holiday very much!!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, average Hotel","The location of this hotel was the reason it was booked, i travelled to London with three friends, and we booked two double rooms, which were small, but as we were only using the room as a base for some major shopping and sightseeing, it was perfect!   The staff weren't the friendliest, checking in seemed to be an inconvenience really, the elevators were a bit of a joke - in a hotel that size it should really have more elevators to cover the amount of people staying there! the breakfast was in a word, a bit lame - two items per person including a drink, if you wanted your tea/coffee, you couldnt have two pieces of fruit! Ridiculous really!  But it wasnt all bad, the rooms were clean, the bar was pretty nice, we had a pretty heavy night the last night of our trip and the barman…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
5382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"As a business hotel, this is second to none.  It is inexpensive, conveniently located in the heart of London, comfortable and well equipped.  The rooms are small, and this hotel does not have the charm of some more expensive hotels.  Nor, however, is it remotely as bad as a number of lower quality hotels in the area.  I used this for several years as a business base when travelling to London, and would do so again if necessary.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
5383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, but questionable staff","Great location, very central, 8 minutes walk to Leicster Sq etc, rooms are fine, clean, maybe a bit small but fine, my one big problem would be the staff, especially those cleaning the rooms, they made so much noise from about 8.30 both mornings of my stay, it was clearly a supervisor giving out to a staff member. It was rude, unprofessional, and loud, very loud. I was asleep and it woke me up, hardly relaxing. The hotel really should do something about it, surely the staff should not be yelling at the tops of their voices when people are trying to sleep, I pay over the odds for a weekend in London, I'd like to think that buys me a lie in. Would I stay here again? Maybe, if I could be gaurenteed a lie-in!",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5380-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Amazing location,"Location of this hotel could not be better. Two minutes walk to Tottenham Court Road tube station and Oxford Street, five minutes to Soho Square, five minutes to British Museum. If you're visiting London as a tourist, you can walk to so many places (Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, etc.). I've visited London several times and this hotel is a find based on location and value.   But do keep in mind that the hotel is quite basic. Rooms have no frills, just basic beds, TV, safe, hair dryer. But it's functional, clean and central. For the room size; I've stayed in smaller rooms in London. Just know what to expect.   A free Wifi would have been nice. There's Wifi, but for extra charge.  Also be aware that you can hear everything trought the walls.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"At the Oxford St, Tottenham Court Road junction. Easy walk to Leicester Square theatres. Breakfast room vast and impersonal, but food okay. Room small but functional with good housekeeping. Was able to check in at 10-30 am and leave luggage after checking out. Wifi costs outrageous, but pub a few yards up the road provided free connections.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Cattle class....,"The only redeeming feature of this hotel is it's location; it's ideal for theatre land so it served it's purpose for us (a trip to the Dominion theatre about 50 yards away). Otherwise, it was nothing more than a glorified YMCA. The queue to check-in was horrendous and the bedrooms are tiny. At 6ft 2inches I barely had room to maneuvers around the bed. It is shabby, noisy and desperately in need of some paint. Similarily, the breakfast was as poor as I've experienced involving a long (and I mean 10 minute) queue to put any food on your plate. You certainly didn't want to bother going back for seconds which might well be the intention. A very poor canteen at best. Don't even bother trying to get a lift. We waited 20 minutes for one to arrive on one occasion. Undoubtedly, the most…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
5387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location!!!","We love the location of the hotel, just 2 minutes to the tube ""Tottenham court road""  and walking distance to Oxford street, and British museum. A couple drawbacks are that we always had to wait for a while for elevators, it seemed that this hotel is very popular for tour group so it's always crowded so always lots of traffic around the elevator. Secondly, our room was right by the elevator and it was VERY LOUD outside whenever anyone is walking by our room, it was really bad at night when people came back to hotel late and drunk.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
5388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Just returned from this hotel after a two night stay and it was great. The location is fab, very central just off Oxford street. The rooms are small but very clean and modern, the bathroom was lovely. This hotel had lots of friendly staff tabs you could leave your luggage with them when you checked out which was good as most hotels charge. Breakfast was lovely there was lots of choice and they were never low on anything. The only problem I had was the lifts were so slow, I was glad I was on the 1st floor and could take the stairs. This was a great hotel and I will definately be back on my next visit to London. ",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5385-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very good place,"Too many visitors but very good service, quiet at the rooms and rich breakfast. Great location! Patience using the lifts...",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
5390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Right on the money,"Excellent location and I think you'd be hard pressed to find better at the price. Points of note though- rooms are small and quite dark, beds are a bit lumpy and squeaky, hotel navigational signage is a bit lacking and the staff could brush up their presentation. Perfectly adequate and functional but don't expect any luxuries!",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We enjoyed our stay here. The room is small but adeqaute. The staff were friendly and happy to help. Close to Tottenham Court Station. Very central.   Only bad point: The lifts were heart breaking, sometimes it would take 5 minutes for one to appear, very annoying.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel and great location,"When I entered the reception, I was amazed. 2 concierges, 5 receptionists, big hall, 5 elevators, 13 floors...It was better than I expected. Room was regular size with 2 beds and bathroom was great! Location of this hotel is so good that you will not need tube at all. The only think it could be better is buffet breakfast.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
5393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and satisfactory for an overnight stay.,I stayed at St Giles Sunday 6th May for a theatre break.  The room was adequate and clean.  The bathroom is in need of a make over though.  There are only 4 lifts which cause some delays when checking in and out at peak times.   The dining room is too small but the food is fine.  The room is reminiscent of a Butlins Dining Room!  Overall I would stay there again.,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5390-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good breakfast","We were three girls in a room, the room was small but practical enough for us. We had enough space in the closet. toilet and shower were clean and in a good level. Location - great ! We could not ask for more. Tottenham metro station and Oxford Street was a minute's walk from the hotel , just excellent! We received excellent value for money. highly recommend!",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
5395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Canny,"Stayed one night for a trip to the theatre. Great location ! Had no problems at all .We stayed on the 12th floor to minimise any noise from the street. We both slept well.The room was small but clean & tidy. Breakfast is busy but with a little patience is no problem.Food was fine & cooked well.Ideal for a one or two night stay. We found all the staff polite & helpful.Ps,we had no problems with the lifts !!!.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location & Good Value,"Stayed for one night in a twin room, room wasnt massive but was clean and tidy, room was on the 12th floor and we heard no noise from outside. Staff on check in were friendly and was quick. Lifts were very busy and had to wait a while a couple of times but overall didnt cause a problem. We didnt use the bar or restaurant so cant comment. location of hotel was great for oxford street as its the next stop on the central line from tottenham court road. We travelled by train and it only took us 15 minutes to arrive to the hotel from paddington. would definatley stay here again, there are so many hotels to choose from in london, if you pay £100 for a twin room for a night and expect luxury you are just deluded i would say this is a basic 3 star hotel but perfect if you are out all…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,okish hotel,"stayed on business- nothing actually wrong, just not very good.  bedroom ok- but door lock didn't work. Breakfast- ghastly like a school canteen  location good- central london",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Central Location Great Value for Money,Located in central London the hotel was in easy walking distance to Oxford st the strand and west end. We got a very good deal staying for 2 nights for a total of £107 each this included a small breakfast of coffee pastry and piece of fruit. Have satyed in this hotel and would do so again. If your looking for a central location and value for money this is the hotel fo you.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5395-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"I booked a theatre break with my daughter and had a fabulous weekend. St Giles was a great place to stop, brilliant location, great value and the staff were really polite and helpful. The breakfast room was a little like a canteen all be it an up market canteen, there was plenty of variety and lots of choice, cereals, fruit, croissants, yoghurt, rolls and (nearly) a full English if you wanted it. Our room was good had a little side room which had loads of storage for bags, clothes etc and we had everything we needed. The bed was comfortable and plenty warm enough (the weather was quite cold).",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central London hotel, relatively less expensive but noisy","Positives: Central London hotel, relatively less expensive than other London hotels Negatives: Very hot with no airconditioning, the radiators in the room were warm despite being turned off, noisy from the street noise and from other guests (but my colleagues who had rooms in other parts of the building commented that they found the hotel pretty quiet), room small, towels small. Hotel needs refurbishment, the elevators were small and at several times you had to wait for a long time to get one. Breakfast relatively poor and the breakfast area very busy despite the large number of tables.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Really good location, but noisy at night!","Stayed 8 nights, rooms are tiny but the bathroom area has a big dressing area and a desk. If it is hot beware ....no AC in our room and on the 9th floor the windows open about 4 inches and it was hot and noisy at night with bars letting out at 2 AM and drunks screaming in the streets. The breakfast is not worth 9 or 10 pounds, but around the corner is the Cafe Rouge which is wonderful and we ate there 4 times...breakfast is nice there, too. Walk to the theatre district which was a big plus and walk to Soho. I would stay again but ask for a quiet side of the building. Oh, internet is a pound for 10 minutes!",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location and value for money,"We arrived at hotel at approx 10.00am and rooms were ready for check in, it is minutes away from oxford st and convent gardens.We have to complement the staff in dining room for their efficiency , the hotel was fully booked and breakfast time  was v busy but they were so organised that everything ran  smoothly with minimum delay,there was a good choice for breakfast and food was lovely and hot . this hotel is ideal for anyone that wants a few days shopping /sightseeing. For value  for money and location 10 out of 10.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is good and the hotel is clean...,"We've selected this hotel due to its location, it was at an excellent location. Also the room was clean. We do not get any service or take breakfast so I can not make comments about that. But check-in and check-out was so easy for such a crowded hotel. The twin-bedded room was not so small, it was enough for two person. For this price and location, it is recommended.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5400-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,"Friendly staff who are always willing to help, huge rooms which are clean and well organised, all you can eat breakfast for a great start to the day. Great location and the hotel facilities are good. Don't judge this hotel from the outside because inside it's marvellous!",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,"The hotel is in a great location, close to Tottenham Court Rd Tube station and within easy walking distance of many attractions eg Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Leicister Square etc. Overall the faciltiites were good although the rooms are small and would only be suitable for short stays. The staff were all very helpful and the buffet breakfast was excellent.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location!,"We stayed 4 nights at St. Giles in London. The location is perfect! Underground, shopping and shows nearby! Our room was very small, but clean and nice. The bathroom was new and fresh but it took forever to get hot water! The bed was small and hard - not very comfy! The elevators are really slow. The staff was friendly, but not very helpful. They could not help us to print our boardingpasses!! We paid to use the computer at the hotel to print them - there was a sign that said if you had problems printing you should contact the staff. When we asked for help there was nothing they could do. They said that it was a problem for many, and that there was nothing they could do about it. They had some kind of policy not to print at front desk! Hopeless! We went to the internet cafe…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles Hotel, Central London","Positive points are the Leisure Centre below the hotel, the location close to Oxford Street, Covent Garden, Leceister Square, Shaftesbury Ave (theatres) etc (West End is well served). It is next to an NCP car park and hotel has a discount arrangement to £20 or so per day. There are plenty of cafés and bars close by serving nice, affordable lunches and snacks. The room was satisfactory. I had a triple and athough tight, it was suitable as a base. The TV was small but had plenty of channels. Staff were very friendly and helpful. We ate in two of the restaurants; Chikara serves chinese and is okay, the Hakuba serves Japanese and is excellent. Negative points: wireless is poor, so internet access is not good, and is expensive. The hotel clearly serves a lot of people including…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very good value,"We stayed in February and found this a good plce to stay, easy to get to, 5 min. walf form Tott. Ct.Road tube station and handy for oxford street.  Room was nice and clean and the brekkie is proberbly the best you will ever have, will stay again when in london, first choice if availble",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5405-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location!","We stayed 3 nights at St Giles Hotel, selected as part of a Show and Stay package. Situated central to everything in the West End, this place was ideal for us as Australians who had never been to London before. We walked everywhere. We had no need for public transport. The room was small, but we only slept in it!  Who needs a big room when you're in London - so much to see and do!  Staff were friendly and helpful. Definitely value for money!",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location..TINY room,"A group of us stayed here when seeing a show..the underground parking was convenient although quite pricey. The lobby and concierge is welcoming although pretty dated. the staff were friendly while checking us in.  The room however was without a doubt the smallest hotel room i have ever stayed in. lucky we had no luggage as there was no room for it! When we all met in the bar after dropping our stuff off, it was the first thing everyone said to each other-HOW SMALL ARE THE ROOMS! While laughing that my 6""7 boyfriend will have to open the window and stick his feet out if he's to lie down in bed!  The bar area was nice and convenient to have a few drinks in before the theatre, and while I mention it the location is excellent if you are seeing a show.   Overall, the hotel was clean…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location and price,"room was clean an tidy but a bit dated, stay were pleasant  friendly, not bad for the price, definitely not a luxury hotel .near to west end for show, Oxford street for shopping and and tube station for getting around. good for folks an a budget. lifts are a bit slow.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
5412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"Only stayed one night having spent an evening at a show. The hotel was clean and tidy with a reasonable level of space. Had a meal in the restaurant and it was very good and a reasonable price. Very good atmosphere in the bar after the theatre, had a few drinks again these were reasonably priced for central London, Overall perfectly good for a stay in the capital",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location!!,"Stayed here for second time in April 2012. The place is 3 star and feels it. Bit run down and shabby in places. But location is perfect for west end/ covent garden/ soho and this is its best selling point. I had a miniscule double room, just big enough for one person. I cant imagine two people sharing it. Had a small desk, tiny shower room and one window. Not a place to spend any amount of time. But as you are in the heart of things you probably wont want to spend time in the room anyway. It was clean.  Breakfast was a disaster, queue to get into the restaurant, long queue for the buffet. Bit like a school canteen. Unless its included in your rate avoid, I paid the £9.95 and then got it refunded. The gym is the London YMCA, massive, loads of free weights, cardio, steam room and…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5410-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not coming back,"Stayed there 2 nights for business, also used the meetingroom facilities. I had a single room, and it was so small you could hardly get into the room. The hotel is old and not well kept. I find it hard to say anything positive about the hotel except the location and price. Stay away from the breakfast buffet, the hotel is very central and there are options right outside the door.  The hotel could not find out reservations for the meeting room, and the meetingrooms were 3 or 4 floors underground. For business purpose I would not use this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
5415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst 4* accommodation in the civilized world,The size of the rooms is so small you can not have you can not even open your luggage. If you have a back problem the springs of the mattresses are going to make it worse. There is CONSTRUCTION WORKS in the hotel so forget about working or relaxing in your room till 17.00 hrs. When mentioned this to the staff they said it is a decision of the management to keep allocating rooms close to the construction. It is a rip off even for the 150 euro that I paid. This room could not sell for more than 30 euro in any other city in the civilized world. ,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
5416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great value,"This was a 4 night stay with my elderly mother who has some mobility problems, great staff who were very helpful , room was fine, small but the location makes up for this , the restaurant was fine and staff very accommodating , no issues with noise , overall fantastic value for money .",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,No ventilation!,"The Hotel is adequate if you can get it for a good price but you can get some good value stays in London in some top hotels so we would probably not choose to stay again. We stayed at Christmas time for a work function and also on a free weekend thrown is with another holiday booking so were not really in a position to complain. However, the rooms were very small especially for a couple which meant that it was difficult to easily walk around your suitcase to get to the bathroom. There was no aircondition or ventilation which meant that when it got stuffy in the night you had to open the window, which then let in the noise and llight! I can't imagine how it would be in the summer (although there was a fan in the room). There was also no ventilation in the bathroom so it got very…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
5418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,needs up dating,"just got back from a weekend in london upon arriving at the hotel reception desk very polite and helpful ,rooms clean and spacious but the bar is in urgent need of updating as most of the seats in there were  ripped, staff in the bar only seemed to be interested in you if you gave them a tip,all in all not a bad place as it is only 5 mins from oxford st",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5415-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money - just pack some earplugs!!,"On reading previous reviews for this hotel, I really did go expecting the worst. On arrival at the hotel I was very pleasantly surprised. After a very easy check in I went to my room which was clean, comfortable and well maintained. Yes the rooms are small (I stayed in a single) but I had a comfortable bed, dresser, tv and brand new bathroom. What more could you need?  This hotel is seconds away from tottenham court road tube and 5 minute walk to Oxford street. The only down side is the loud noisy traffic that goes on all night, but pack ear plugs and you'll be fine!! Brilliant hotel and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Try somewhere else!!!!,"Stayed there for the 2012 marathon. Booked online & requested a bath.  Got to hotel, no bath & no other rooms available!!  When we got to the room, its a good job we didn't have a cat as it would have banged his head on the wall if we tried to swing it.  When I sat on my side of the bed,my knees touched the wall.  There was no room in the bathroom to put out our toiletries, no two pin socket and a bath towel the size of a hand towel.   There was only one bedside light & that did not work.  However, when we complained, they did offer to move us to another room, still without a bath, so we stayed & got them to change the light bulb.  The deluxe breakfast the next day consisted of 1 rasher of bacon (admittedly very nice) and 1 poached egg.  Had to ask for more.  Felt a bit like…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
5421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles Hotel, London","This is a lovely hotel and certainly worth the money. The rooms are a little small, but as we only wanted a base, then they were just what we needed. They were well equiped rooms and very clean. The staff were very friendly. We were also very pleased with the location of the hotel, being very near to Tottenham Court Road tube station and the attractions. I would certainlt stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Clean and close to everything you need,"This is a great budget stay for anyone with business in London. 2 minutes from Tottenham Court Tube, just off a street with a handy supermarket and Boots, and while nothing fancy when it comes to rooms it has everything you need.  I booked a standard double and got a clean and spacious room with a shower (no bath.) There's little luxury here, no fancy toiletries,  budget bedding and retro decor, but it was clean.   Slight downsides are street noise (but then it's central London) and my room seemed to have a slight plumbing issue. While everything seemed clean and worked there was the occasional odd smell. Perplexing, if not totally ruinous.  Would use again.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"We stayed here in March this year. In the brochure the rooms look, well grand. OMG that could not be further from the truth. They are tiny!!! If you need to get around using say for example a walking stick, or have a small pram, then seriously don't book the St Giles. We were not told the swimming pool was closed and when i wrote to complaints department i was told 'sorry to hear you were not informed however the gym was open.' dah !!! so not the point. Think complaints need a new member of staff. I was also told that the rooms were compact in size however do contain all that is needed for a short stay. My definition of what a short stay for that size room would be........30 seconds!! enough to open door, look in and leave. On the plus side the Malaysian restaurant was very nice…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
5424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5420-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,st giles hotel london,"there were six ladies in our party, we all found the hotel great value for money, very clean .very polite and helpfull staff. we stayed two nights on bed and breakfast it was very busy but it was the marathon weekend. great location for the westend. would def use this hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average but poor,"Stayed in 2 different rooms during a visit in April 2012 The smaller single room I had was inadequate because the springs you could feel through the mattress when lying down. Difficult to sleep of course   The room was tiny and cramped and the noise from the street because of lack of insulation added to the sleepfree night.  The other room I had was an executive room at nearly double the price it was ok but old decor and colours. Bed was good though and better insulation kept more noise out. Lifts in the hotel are a disaster! 4 small lifts not very fast  for 700 rooms made me wait several times more than 10 minutes to get down from or up to the floor, I lived on. The lounge/reception area and restaurants have dated decor and the restaurants are not cheap either. The girls…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
5426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Yuck,"Stayed for 1 night business.   Personally I found it really hard to find! Tucked off Tottenham Court Road on a side street. The reception staff weren't very friendly.  The room was awful, horrible 80s decor and tired sheets, and the bathroom wasn't nice at all.  Despite having a double bed I only got one set of towels, and the bath towel had an extremely questionable stain on it. As it was late I ended up using the hand towel to dry.   Booked the hotel again by accident for another trip and cancelled straight away lol.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
5427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small but adeguate,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night while seeing a show in London... the single rooms we booked were very small but very clean.. the reception staff were very helpful, they gave us 3 out of the 5 rooms booked as soon as we arrived at 12pm. we also booked the buffet breakfast which was of good standard. would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very central location,"i stayed here with my daughter and my mother on an overnight stay to see the wizard of oz. we arrived around midday and although check-in was not until 2 pm the very efficient reception staff chekced us in immediately. although the room was quite small it was very clean with everything needed for a comfortable stay. the hotel is located very close to the tube station and to oxfors street for shopping.  we were on the 4th floor and we had a very peaceful night. the bar area was very pleasant, but the breakfast room was very very busy although there is a good selection of hot and cold food - all buffet style. although not the most luxurious hotel i've ever stayed in it was ideal for 1 night, especially due to the location near oxford street  and the price we paid. i would…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5425-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,clean,"very clean hotel and the room was clean but breakfast was hard work, having to stand in a line for 20mins to get a plate of food was poor ,",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,This was our third visit to St Giles hotel.The rooms are small however if you have a twin room they are slghtly larger.The check in was swift and professional. The room was clean the bed comfortable. The rooms can get very hot but they do have fans in the rooms for you to use. The only thing that lets this hotel down is on all 3 occasions we have stayed here there was always a problem with at least 1 lift. This can make it difficult to get down stairs. There are stairs however these are like walking down a helter skelter. I cant comment on the breakfast as I have not eaten here. The bar area is welcoming and friendly. Yes I am sure you could get better hotels in London but we paid £204 for 2 people for 2 night stay.This is very good value for London. The hotel is situated close…,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend at St Giles,"Very central location, reception area pleasant, room 172 smells of damp and has mold on one of the walls, not very clean carpet, water doesn't drain well when having a shower so be quick!  Breakfast chaotic and poor selection, coffee is brown bitter water, serving staff seem a bit lost, Il Grasso restaurant at the hotel very bad, staffed and run by Italians who have lost interest in what they are doing, we had two pasta dishes very simple but unbelievably bad, no salt added to water when making the pasta, and only tons of chilli and boat loads of garlic and nothing else, I've lived in Italy for twenty years and never tasted anything that bad! Plus it might be wise to remind the Italian staff that some people understand Italian so they should watch what they're saying.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
5432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good value, small room, lousy breakfast","Don't worry, it's safe and quiet. You won't be spending time here anyway. Competent staff, and kudos to the dining  recommendations by the concierge. Only real complaint are on-site restaurants and provided breakfast. (Really, what was in that sausage?). Let me say again how easy it was to deal with the staff, very helpful. I would stay again, espececially close to British Museum.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value and location a plus - book it with your eyes open and know what to expect.,"I rated it average - I wanted to say good but you can't - and it wasn't in the very good category, but don't let that put you off. Despite an average rating there are still many positives to be said for this hotel. If you want a central venue at a good price - and it is central - it's a great place. It's utilitarian but it does it's job. We came off a transatlantic flight and wanted a central hotel - we checked in and were in bed by 11 am. That wouldn't have happened in a lot of central london hotels. It has a big turn over but check in was efficient despite long lines. There was a bit of waiting for lifts - but that can happen in many places. Our room (east tower) was clean, reasonable size (unlike some other reviews I have read) and the bathroom was well appointed. We only had…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5430-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Again value for money,"Stayed here for the third time. Rooms can be a bit cramp and most of them lack any real view, but....the hotel it's in the middle of everything. It provides walking distance to SoHo, Westend, Oxfordstreet-shopping, very close to Tottenham Courtroad subway-station.  Try to book a room including breakfast, otherwise you have to pay 9.95 pound extra (each person) for that.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"I have stayed in this hotel 3 times now, this is mainly due to its fab location nowhere is far from here so you can avoid having to get on the tube. The rooms are small/compact but have all you need in them, they are clean and modern and really good value. My last stay was for a special occasion so I booked a executive room costing an extra £50 per night, whilst nice I was disappointed as it was not worth the extra money, so advise against this. My friends booked into a standard twin room which is the way to go as they had the biggest room and this also had a bath as well as a shower and was better or at least on par with our executive room. Go standard and enjoy good value for money. If your looking for something really special, book a different hotel",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles London,"While the hotel is ideally located in terms of transport and tourist attractions and the staff friendly we were disappointed in our room and services. This was a special trip and our daughter had asked when she was booking that we have a room away from the Tottenham Crt Rd she was promised a newly refurbished room, we didnt get it and the room we got was very noisy. The room itself was small very poorly lit, and had no wardrobe or sufficient hangers for our clothes. Bathroom laundry consisted of 1small towel 1 hand towel and 1 bath towel and bath mat We felt that there should have been at least 2 bath towels without having to ask.  Prices in the bar are expensive (1 ginger ale £4 and this was poured from a litre bottle of Ginger ale).  We went next door to the Cafe Rouge for…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Break,"We have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions, we found our stay this time was probably our best. We could not get a double room but found the twin room to be more spacious and had better facilities all round. Once again the breakfast was excellent and set us up for the day. WE WILL RETURN HERE",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as it looks,"Just returned from this hotel today, where do I start! Hotel reception very smart but then down hill from here. Allocated a refurbished room which I requested as previous reviews advised this.  What I let down the room was, very small, stained carpets and very noisy.  We had to request to be moved after one night. The next room we were given again very small but it was quiet.  The breakfast room was like a works canteen, no organisation, very rushed and area looked dirty. The bar area had ripped seats and dirty stained menus.  Only plus point about this hotel is the location, very close to theatre district, soho etc.  I booked this via super breaks and would not go back, terrible!",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
5439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5435-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A bed for the night,"This is an older property, but it is a bed for the night and the price was comparable with a Travelodge. The single rooms are almost the size of Pod rooms.  The bathroom is unattractive, poorly lit, but I felt that it was clean and the taps drip unless closed very firmly.  The pool was closed for maintenance and this was rather disappointing. (They never let me know about the fact when I booked)  I prepaid, but was upset to see that they tried to charge me twice for the room. (I cancelled before it took the money.)   There is no insulation, so street noise is very clearly audible and you are just off a main road. Remember you are just off Tottenham Court Road, not that near the trendy end of Soho where the nightlife is. I was very tired indeed and so could have slept through…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Shoe box,"Room very small, 521 No room to walk around bed and no curtains. Blind was broken Dated and in need of a refurb Won't be back",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,What a shame...,"Upon arrival the hotel looked fantastic!  Very smart and full of promise, what a shame when we opened the bedroom door!  The first thing that I noticed was that there was no light for the room.  Hmmm, yes there was a light switch but no light, not even a socket to put a bulb in, the room was entirely lit by 3 small lamps from the 1950's.  But surely this wasn't that bad, as the room was so small my mobile phone could have sufficed to illuminate the whole room.  Air con was supplied by a fan (also from the 50's...), and the window only opened a few inches.  The bathroom looked nice, however the toilet didn't properly flush and filled to the brim every flush.  Both myself and my girlfriend found that by our third night, we had come out in suspicious rashes on our skin where we had…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
5442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Great location, right at the end of Oxford St, and right beside an underground station - extremely handy!! Stayed on the 3rd floor i think in a ""corner suite"" - roon was a bit small but understandable due to location.  It was a bit noisly but again you have to remember where you are!",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Rooms small, hot and uncomfortable","Just returning from a trip to London & would not recommend this hotel. The rooms are very very small, incredibly hot and air conditioning is so noisy you could not keep it on while you are in the room . The bathrooms are tiny with no toiletries and beds the most uncomfortable I have ever slept in.  On the plus point it is in a great position for Tottenham Court Road but so are many other hotels that I'm sure are better.  The staff were friendly breakfast was a good help yourself buffet  But I would never return ",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5440-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT VALUE AND LOCATION,"Stayed here in March 2012 and was very satisfied, We got a room on the 7th floor and seemed to be upgraded at no extra cost.Our room was small but had a little lounge attached with tv, sofa bed coffee table.Bathroom was spotless,I couldnt fault it although the walls are a bit thin and we could hear the mumour of voices next door.When we went for breakfast next day we told we had been upgraded and to go to Restaurant on ground floor rather then main breakfast area,We enjoyed full waiter service,full english, comp newspapers.The location is excellent 1 min walk to Tottenham Court Rd Tube Station.There is a Sainsburys and Boots across the road.Staff very friendly, Breakfast cost 15 stg for us both but it was plentiful and hot.I would definately stay here again as it is so central…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Waste of Money, I wasted mine, dont waste yours!","If you choose to stay here, don't say I didnt warn you! I booked a month in advance on a £99.00 deal, the usual price for this room was apparently £150.00, the hotel was in a good location for what I needed but there is where the good points end. I booked a Double Room, they ""up graded me to a tripped"" (now I know your thinking, WOW what are you moaning about), the bed was smaller than a standard double and no way 2 people could sleep comfortably in it, the room was pokey and if you were clostrophobic then neither the room or bathroom would have been good for you.  we called reception and they changed our room with no argument, though they were adement I had booked a tripple, ( I didnt, I had teh conformation!)  we were polite about it, so we went back down to collect the new…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
5446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,This hotel is brilliantly located yards away from tottenham court road tube station and a short walk to Oxford street. The room was ok the bed a little small and the deep cleaning left a little something to be desired. Breakfast was good although in peek times could be like a canteen. I used the gym at a cost of £5 and a towel charge is £1.50. You can become an instant member of the casino next to the hotel. All in all a good stay,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"I wouldn’t object to staying here again, but wouldn’t rush to do so either","You enter the St Giles Hotel’s marble-lined reception area and encounter the friendly and helpful concierge, and they confirm that your room is available two hours before the earliest advertised time, and it feels promising. And there are some good things about this hotel. It is very conveniently located, two minutes’ walk from Tottenham Court Road tube. It is clean. The staff are unfailingly friendly and helpful. There is an ironing room, very useful for someone who has just unpacked his dress shirt en route to a formal dinner. And then the irritations start. The “mini-suite” is just big enough for a double bed but although there are switches either side of the bed there is only one bedside light. There is minimal storage and no drawer space, and a large, immobile chair…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small Rooms but Great Value for Money!,"I stayed here one night last month for work.  The hotel is huge and the rooms are very small, however everything in the room is exceptionally clean.    I had a room overlooking Tottenham Court Road which was quite noisy but wasn't too bad.  The shower was excellent and the bed comfortable.  Staff were friendly; the inhouse Japanese restaurant was exceptional.  My only complaint was the breakfast kitchen does not serve toast...",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5445-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, reasonable price, average service","The hotel is great for Oxford Street and Theatre Land and was only 2 stops on the underground to the City of London, so a good location. The price was very reasonable for central London and was acceptable for my one night stay. My room was small but adequate, with the blind in the window not working that well to cut out the blue neon light shining outside, so I didnt sleep that well. The shower room was very small and the shower itself did not provide any hot water in the early evening. Later in the evening I visited the bar with my colleague next to the reception and was offered a waitress service. No drinks appeared despite people around us receiving a service. The breakfast was adequate, with limited hot food, but lots of food available in a cold and industrial style…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A large hotel with small rooms,"Are you looking for somewhere in central London that is not too expensive? If so then this hotel is a good fit. The hotel is just steps from Oxford Street and only a bit farther from the London theater district. Staff were very pleasant. The very small room had the basics required and nothing more. Finding a place to open the suitcase, for example, took some time as the amount of space in the room was so limited. While there were bars and a restaurant, the quality of the food was minimal. This is a very busy hotel that could use something of an update. This hotel is best for those who plan to be out of the hotel most of the day and who plan to use few facilities at the hotel. I would stay again mainly because of its location the the relative value the hotel offers in the high…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Place To Stay,"I have stayed here 3 times, hotel very good and very clean, rooms a bit small but when in the big metropolis your not in your room that often, reception good, concierge service is brilliant, bar stays open late so you can chill a bit before bed. Would recomend this hotel to anyone, very central so ideal for weekends away",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
5452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good value for money","Hotel is located two minutes away from Tottenham Court road station... it couldn't get any more central.  Room, although on the small side, had all the necessities (flat screen tv, tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer, safe) and was clean.  For the price we paid, I was pleasantly surprised. Check in was super fast and we were allowed to check in before the official time since the room was available.  Breakfast was good, although it felt a bit like being back queuing in the school's canteen :) The only other hotel facility we used was the baggage holding on the last day and everything went smoothly with staff being extremely courteous.  Dominion Theatre is two minutes away... highly recommend watching ""We will rock you""!",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"convenient position, comfotable, yet bustling with all nationalities","i stayed at the st giles hotel recently on a weekend theatre break and was pleasantly surprised at the convenient location just off the tottenham court road within easy walking distance to most major theatres , and great choice of restaurants,  bars and shops and a cinema just up the road  too. The restaurant for breakfast gets very busy , but it manages to cater for everyone sufficiently . There is a large bar where you can order snacks and the atmosphere was very much like a bar in the city rather than a hotel as its very busy with multitude of nationalities. Overall this is the sort of hotel im happy to stay in, if im not spending too much time in the hotel ! It has a convenient position , but be aware just off the busy main road it can be noisy with traffic at night, if you…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
5454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5450-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central location, very good value for money","I wanted somewhere central and not too expensive.  This hotel was perfect.  The location is fabulous as Oxford Street is just 'round the corner'.  Staff were very pleasant.  My small single room had everything I required and was comfortable. (flat screen TV, tea/coffee, toilet accessories, hair-drier, information pack etc). I also wanted a hotel with a swimming pool and only paying £5 to swim and use the sauna and steam room was good value.  Good selection of bars and restaurant.  Very busy hotel, but staff seemed to cope and everything went smoothly, but taking the lifts was sometimes annoying if you were in a hurry (check-out in the morning) as too many people are also trying to take the lifts. I would definitely stay again, but leave more time for check-out/catching a train!",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Typical London hotel,"It's a central as it gets; 30 second walk from Oxford Street, 2 minutes from Covent Garden. Expect no thrills, some rooms have been partly refurbished, but most of the hotel feels like it is in dire need of a touch-up. But this is typical for London; if you want a fresh and clean hotel you have to fork up some 250EUR. First night I went down to the reception to get my room swapped at 3.30 in the morning. The reason? The AC outside my window kept me from sleeping (it was broken). But they gave me a new room instantly, so I have no complaints concerning service. So; my ratings is set compared to hotels in other parts of the world. If I would compare this hotel to other ""3 star"" hotels in London, the rating might have been higher. But I think that when a hotel in London is 1000…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
5456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We stayed here for two nights, the hotel is right next to Tottenham Court road station so easy access to tubes/airport etc. The hotel is just off the end of Oxford street. The hotel was clean, our room looked as if it had been recently renovated. The staff were friendly. We used the online check in so we only had to collect our key from the concierge at the main entrance and then straight to our room, no fuss no queues. The hotel also provided storage for our case after we checked out",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and value for money...,"I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The location was very convenient and the hotel was great value for money. I stayed in an Executive Suite on the 9th floor. The room was spacious, immaculate (recently refurbished) and had great views of London. The room had a sofa, double bed and everything else you could need (iron, safe, TV, fridge etc). The bathroom had a large shower and a bath (it also had a built in TV). The breakfast was good and the staff were friendly.    I would definitely recommend this hotel.   ",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,holiday short break,i stayed at this hotel from the 19th to the 23  of march 2012 very good budget hotel clean and tidy room stayed in a double on the 3rd floor .hotel staff very good and very good location for oxford street  only 2min walk  and soho only a 10 min walk away and hyde park a 20 min walk if you follow oxford street  breakfast at hotel was ok i whould stay at this hotel on my next visit to london  you will not have to walk far a london show hotel is only 1 min from underground,Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5455-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Just about Ok for one night,"Stayed at St Giles Hotel for one  night on a show and stay deal. The hotel location is good for both theatre, shopping and underground. Our room (105) was small, but clean and in a good decorative condition. My wife and I like a dark room at night  to sleep in which was impossible due to the type of  window blinds in use. I would also defy anyone to sleep, if there was a need to use the air conditioning during the night. There was a degree of traffic noise, but considering the location acceptable for one night. The only other issue is the Bar, where the settee just inside the entrance, which we sat on for a drink on return from the theatre should be disposed of, both settee pads were split, and we sank down as the spring had also gone, (not a good advert in such a prominant…",None,3.0
5460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good located reasonably priced Hotel,"A good location, and a good price( between £79 - £99) if booked in advance, and you get breakfast included (which if not is £9.95! a bit steep imo, when you can go to Subway, or Macdonalds!!) Rooms are a tad on the small side, but you are not in London to stay in your room are you Sainsbury's is about 2 mins walk away for any last minute items you need. Tottenham Court Road Underground station a few minutes walk too (on the Cental line, Zone 1) A good base to explore London.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good service, excellent location, good breakfast","Small rooms, but adequate. Perfect location - mere blocks from the British Museum, close to Covent Garden, around the corner from the Tube. Helpful staff, full breakfast. Would stay again.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and price,"We stayed at the St Giles at the very beginning of our our trip to Europe and were very happy with our stay so we booked it again for the end of our trip.  The location is excellent about 150m from Tottenham Court Rd station (on the central and northern line), 1 block from oxford street and has easy access to most of Londons attractions.  The rooms themselves are nothing fancy, the decor is somewhat drab but for the location and price this was no concern at all. We only spent the nights in our hotel room so it was not a problem.  I highly recommend this hotel if you want to stay a few nights in an affordable hotel right in London.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
5463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I selected this hotel for a weekend stay in March based on three main criteria – location, swimming pool and price.  The St Giles is a busy and bustling tourist hotel, located in central London.  There’s an NCP car park underneath the hotel and guests receive a discounted rate.  Tottenham Court Tube station is a 2 minute walk and Oxford Street/Bond Street is 5 minutes away.  Covent Garden is a 20 minute amble and there was plenty of people about when we walked back at about o’clock in the morning.  There’s also plenty of black cabs about to take you in all directions.  Service throughout the hotel was fine enough, efficient and helpful.  Receptionists friendly, requests for more pillows, towels were met with ease.  I found the concierge to be particularly good, securing theatre…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5460-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"I have just spent five nights at this hotel and as always I have had a great stay. The single rooms are quite small but very clean and have everything you need. The staff are very friendly and helpful, the location fantastic and the price very reasonable. I look forward to coming back again when I next visit London.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for a night.,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel for one night as we were in London for the day to see a show and do some shopping. The hotel is in a great location as Tottenham Court Road tube station is a 2 minute walk away and Oxford and Regent Streets are on its doorstep. We stayed in a double room with an en suite bathroom, the room also had a small living room that had a sofa, desk, safe and a fridge with TV's in both rooms. The rooms and bathroom were clean but quite small. The only problems were the shower dripped and there was no light in the bedroom.   Overall I think that for a night or two this hotel is fine, we paid £115 for a night which is a lot for what it is but i suppose that is what you pay in central London.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, great value, clean but plain","I have stayed here a few times over the years, and the main reason is always the same: can't beat it for the price and its location, right in the heart of London. The rooms are clean, on the small size (welcome to London), plain and anonimous but comfortable. I was on my own and this place is extremely convenient and feels safe. Breakfast wasn't included but there are plenty of cafes around the corner (which are better quality and better value than the hotel's own breakfast place). The only big negative: no free wi-fi.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"I have just spent a night at this Hotel, it is the second I have stayed there and cannot fault it.  The staff are helpful and friendly, the rooms I have stayed in have been clean and smart.  The main attraction for this hotel though is its very convenient location, 2 minutes from tottenham Court Road tube station and minutes walk away from Covent Garden and other attractions.  The prices are very reasonable too.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly acceptable for a short stay...,"I am currently sitting in the ""lazy dog"" bar and this is probably my least favourite part of the hotel. It does not know what it is trying to be... It ha old skool, cheesy, music, lots of tacky signage and everything just looks a bit rough. The entrance is actually quite impressive and although the rooms are small they have everything that one needs for a short stay. Wouldn't like to stay much longer than a night or two tho... The location is fantastic though... Staff everywhere, except lazy dog bar, are polite and professional with the best customer service without a doubt being offered in the casino.. :/ Overall not bad and quite reasonably priced too...",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5465-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value in a terrific location,Excellent value for my stay in this hotel. Wonderfully central. I found the staff very friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location and very helpful Concierge!,"Firstly, thanks for a great nights stay!  We booked a hotel room for a one night stay at the St Giles mid February, booking in London is always a challenge when you are from a small town like us!  We needed a Hotel close to the Lyceum where we had tickets for a show, and this hotel is IDEAL! Just a short taxi ride Victoria Station and even shorter Taxi ride to the Theatre itself.   I must extend my thanks to Joe on the concierge who responded to the email I had sent 2 weeks before we had arrived.  I had asked for some advice on how to get to and from the hotel to the theatre and Victoria Station too, and his advice made our trip sooo much easier! I wish I had the chance to thank him in person the night we had stayed!  I would also like to add - great welcome from the front…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,nice hotel,Staff very good great value £90 for two including great breakfast,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,good location for business travelers,"good location for business travelers, close to the train station & asda shopping mall, can't ask for more in this place..",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
5473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,First trip,First trip to London with my daughter.we found hotel to be very convenient for underground travel or theatres.room was spacious and provided all that was needed.high standard of cleanliness too which altogether made an enjoyable trip.,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5470-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely fine for a London central hotel and a short break,"The Ritz it aint, but then this isn't Ritz prices.   I have stayed at the St Giles before.  There is everything the traveller needs.  Only a few minutes walk to Tottenham Court Road and Goodge Street Underground Stations.  Cabs almost constantly outside and busses on Tottenham Court Road too.  Easy to walk to most main attractions, or indeed find a ""Boris"" bike and cycle if you dare.  I was warmly welcomed by the Reception team.  There is a convenient bar and food to match appetite and pocket.  Small but perfectly fine rooms, mine was clean and probably just decorated.  Slightly annoying habit of putting spare loo rolls etc, out of reach of the loo!  A bit tired in common parts, lifts much in demand at peak times and very noisy fan above the window,  so had the window open for a…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, dreary, drab!","Booked 2 nights, didn't even stay 1! Checked in and checked out 20 minutes later. Room was awful, unclean, dreary and drab.  However, friendly staff, great location for a short break in London, but my standards are much higher and expect more at this price.  My advice - find another hotel.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
5476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast! Soho fun!,"First of all the breakfast was AMAZING! Eggs, meats, cheeses, yogurts, fresh fruits, tons of juice options and coffees!   The concierge service was amazing! They helped with every single detail including helping us receive tickets at discounted rates and giving us maps and suggestions on what to eat and where to go!   This hotel is all you need - clean and comfortable- place to sleep, shower and get back to London sight seeing!   The location was in the heart of the center of London however it was a bit of a walk from the tube- but Only a few blocks from a double decker bus hop on hop off  pick up so that made it much more convienent.   Also there is a large YMCA connected to it- but you do have to pay about $5 to go every time. Its very nice! No wifi. You have to pay to use…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very Good Value,"Stayed for four nights in February with two grown up children. The location is the bestest !  Nowhere can beat it.  Very clean, good-sized rooms by London standards. Helpful, professional staff.  Average English breakfast.  No lighter continental alternative which is a pity. Never had to wait for lift for more than four minutes and that only in the so -called morning rush hour. Price was very good value. It was our first time but certainly not our last",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not bad......but.....,"Fantastic location. Perfect for a short stay. Staff were polite and helpfull.  We were told when we booked in that unfortunately they didn't have any standard double rooms so we would have a free upgrade to a de luxe double room - I then pointed out that it was a de luxe double room that I had actually booked !!  The de luxe part was good and consisted of a separate room with a comfortable double sofa, table, TV , dressing table and a miniscule wardrobe.The shower room was small, but did seem to be quite recently modernised. It would however have benefited from some sort of shelf to place our soaps / shampoo etc.  The bedroom part was so small we had to walk sideways between the bed and the wall to get in and out of the bed !! We stayed here a couple of years ago and had a…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5475-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great value, it's central London so of course the rooms are small for the price!","I have to admit that I didn't check the reviews before booking this hotel as it was just for a business trip and I was running out of time, after reading some of the reviews I was worried because a lot of people were complaining about small rooms.  Well I had a double bed en- suite room & paid £96 for the night, that was good value compared to what else available and although the room was on the small side they are quite adequate, perfectly clean & the bathrooms are fine with good showers and lots of black granite. Only down side I could find was that there was no shaver point in the bathroom. There's no air conditioning either, or none you'd want to turn on because it was so noisy, but then it's also in central London so there's going to be noise one way or the other. The…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,find a better place,"I stayed 4 nights at this hotel (Sat-Wed) and got mostly disappointed. Location is great but this is all about it. As other people said in their reviews, the staff is not enthusiastic about their job, I'd say to the point that it looks like they don't care at all about customer satisfaction. I've seen constantly long queues at the reception desk and one day I had to wait quite a bit in the line to get the key for my room. They can expedite the process and organize things better but clearly don't care.   Rooms are very small (even by Europe standards!) and hardly functional; literally could not fit anything anywhere. Needless to say, the rooms and hallways are completely outdated. There is noise late in the night and constantly throughout the day, at least for the rooms facing…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
5481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Well placed good value hotel,"This hotel is in a fabulous location for visiting London if you want to be able to reach Oxford Street and the theaters around Leicester Square.  Its within easy reach of Tottenham Court Road tube St and not far by taxi from Kings Cross Station.  We booked tickets and an overnight stay via a theatre booking site and could not have been happier.  The room was small but clean and offered the usual amenities, including a hair dryer, kettle, TV etc.  The bathroom was tiny but nicely finished, the only disappointment was a luke warm shower.  Breakfast was continental or English with plenty of food, but the restaurant area was a bit like a canteen with slightly over zealous clearing staff practically removing your plate before you'd finished but at least there were no dirty plates…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Stayed december 2011,"Stayed here for my partners birthday and the location was very good, just at the end of oxford street and easy to find. Restaurants and pubs nearby, rooms a little small and could do with decorating. Had a problem with the light wouldnt work was told someone would come up but didnt so had to tell them again and we then figured out the problem however no staff had came therefore bad service on that front. The staff were a little rude waited to check in and stood for a while whilst staff talked away. I was expecting more considering I had paid over £100 pounds without breakfast.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,I'll be back!!,"Excellent hotel. Great location, very close to Oxford street. Easy to get to- Tottenham Court Road tube station is a short walk. Close to nice restaurants, convenience stores and shops. The hotel staff were very helpful and polite, concierge staff were excellent when we asked them for directions and information on tourist attractions etc.  The bedroom was clean and tidy, perhaps a little bit smaller than most budget hotel rooms, but this was fine. Theres a built in wardrobe so theres plenty of storage room. I would absolutely stay here again, I did a lot of research before booking and it was one of the cheapest hotels in London, definitely excellent value for money!",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5480-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","While my room was quite small, that didn't bother me because most of my time was spent out in beautiful London!  The staff were incredibly friendly and the morning breakfast buffett was absolutely delicious and very filling!  The real seller of this hotel is the location...minutes away from everything I wanted to see....including the theatre district!  Clean, great food, friendly staff...love this place!!!!",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
5485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,Small - but very clean rooms. Very nice and helpful staff. Very close to a metro station - very close to British Museum - very close to Oxford Street. Recommended !  Great value for money.,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights from 29th Feb. Booked show and stay. A busy hotel. Reception staff very pleasant. The room was adequate although a bit warm. Bed comfortable. Undisturbed nights sleep. Good shower. Breakfast was self service and very good. Sets you up for a days sight seeing. Location is excellent. Easy walking distance to theatre land or Trafalgar Square. On leaving, the doorman was extremely helpful. He went to the main street to flag us down a taxi cab and helped us with luggage. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a reasonably priced central hotel in London. I would have no hesitation in booking this hotel again should I return to London. Travelled from Highlands, Scotland",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Only plus: location,"I can imagine tourists appreciate this hotel for its location. However, I stayed here on business and did not appreciate the hotel at all. It started after check-in: I couldn't use the elevators as there was a fire alarm, but hotel staff in the lobby encouraged me to use the stairs 'as it was probably a false alarm'. I did consider going up the stairs, but the staircase was very narrow - and flooded by hotel guests coming down because of the alarm. I decided to wait for a while until the chaos cleared.  Once in the room, it was really small - even for London standards. Two things I really didn't appreciate: there wasn't a power outlet in the bathroom and the windows had a type of blinds that could not be completely closed. As I went to bed I also realised that - being in the…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
5488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good base for Central London,"Just needing somewhere to sleep for a night, I didn't want to pay £200 for a room.  However, I didn't want to stay in a basement in South Kensington either (thats what you normally get for £80 in London) St Giles Hotel was a pleasant surprise.  I paid £85 for a room (incl. breakfast) and got a perfectly adequate nights stay.  Nothing 5 star about it, but if you want 5 star the Dorchester or similar can be easily booked :-) Overall, the staff were friendly, check-in efficient and the rooms clean and tidy.  Breakfast was OK, don't expect a full english. If you normally use a Travel Inn or similar, check this one out as an alternative. Well recommended for those on a budget.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5485-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Rack em and stack em,This hotel took ages to locate our reservation and finally gave me a room on the first floor. The room was a decent size and clean. this hotel is in a decent location with Tottenham Court Road underground station a few minutes walk away. A clean place to get your head down but its a bit dated.,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, poor nights sleep","I stayed for one night on business, had a straight forward check-in and was allocated an 8th floor room. the room was average in size with a nice bathroom area, the bedroom was comfortable without being spectacular. The problem was the location of the room, it was right next to the elevator lobby which meant that throughout the night the chimes of the lift arriving on the floor, people exiting the lifts and walking up the tiled corridors and the proximity to a vending machine all lead to a restless night.  All in all, dont expect too much from this hotel, you get what you pay for! Located just off Tottenham Court Road, 5 mins from the tube, you can easliy get anywhere in London.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay!,"We stayed at the St Giles overnight on the 21st Feb.  with friends.  We had tickets to see We Will Rock You at the Dominion (excellent show!) and decided to make it a shopping / theatre trip.  Our booking was made through www.activehotels.co.uk and we opted for Deluxe Rooms as the price differential was so small.  When we arrived at the hotel we found we had been upgraded to Executive Rooms at no extra cost.  Even though we arrived at 12:30pm the rooms were ready and had adjoining rooms with interconnecting doors (we had not requested adjoining rooms so this was a pleasant surprise). The rooms were on the 10th floor so we had wonderful views over London.  Complimentary tea, coffee and water in the room.  Plenty of towels and very comfortable bed.  Bath robes also provided. The…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location...,"We got the tube to 'Tottenham Court road' from Euston took less than 5 mins! The hotel was easy to find a 5 min walk straight up the road and it was the 2nd avenue on the right hand side. There is a theatre as soon as you come out of the tube station on the street, currently showing we will rock you... Lots of shops right outside the hotel!  Appearance from the outside wasnt anything special although the reception area was lovely. Freindly, helpful staff on check in. Information staff were rubbish, they were all foreign and when you asked directions and information on a map they couldnt help!   There was a bar with sports showing on the tv to the left of reception that was open till late and a coffee shop above. Check in was quick and easy, but we had already booked online with…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Won't be staying again.,"My husband & I went to St Giles hotel in london on 24th Feb 2012 and we were highly dissappointed. The room was tiny & we had the worst nights sleep ever due to a hard creaky bed & rubbish pillows. After a day walking round London & being 6 months pregnant a good nights sleep is essential. Because of our lack of sleep and back ache we did not enjoy our second day in London. We will not be returning to this hotel in the future, you would get more for your money and a better night sleep at a premier inn.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5490-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Prison camp,What an awfull hotel the rooms and the bathroom are so small with tiny narrow windows it reminds me of a prison cell. not one English member of staff . The dining room is like a school canteen. Location is good but that's all I would not stay again a travel lodge would be more comfortable and half the price,Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
5495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Better than we expected!,"I ws pretty impressed by St Giles. The location is fantastic. Concierge will hold onto cases whilst you're out, and the rooms are clean and serviceable. The lifts were my main gripe as they were small and very slow. However there are stairs so that's fine really. The hotel was calm and quiet once in the room. The shower and bathroom were fine. Only 1 towel though! Not great. Tea and coffee facilities were much appreciated as was the ice machine in reception and cups available. Breakfast was outstanding, a great buffet of hot food and cold food too. Could do with some organisation in seating people for breakfast, but aside from that it was great.  Good work St Giles! Would DEFINITELY reccomend.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,nice place,"we stayed at st,giles hotel for one night it was ok,but there was eight of us.one room was ready so the rest of us had to wait.food was over priced,it cast us for hot dogs and chips 18.00 for two,the lifed was very slow and when it got to you it was packed so the stairs was quicker,but otherwise had very nice stay.p.s very noisey at night did not sleep well",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, disappointing room","I stayed in the St Giles hotel, London, for one night on business. Location wise, it couldn't be better. Just over the road from Tottenham Court Road tube station, and only 15 minutes walk from Covent Garden. The building itself is not good looking at all, a horrendous piece of architecture, but the reception area is okay, and I was beginning to think that things were looking up. The room was a twin, wasn't very big, but for one night on business, it was fine. Clean and comfortable. The bathroom was stupidly small. It's amazing how they fit everything in there.  Breakfast was a complete nightmare. I hadn't booked breakfast with the room, so was informed that it would be £9.95. Pretty much average for hotel breakfasts, so I agreed.  When staying in a hotel, breakfast is usually a…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Handy for shopping,"Im going to start off by saying you get what you pay for; this is one of the cheapest hotels in the Oxford street area of London. So don't expect the Ritz for travelodge prices!  I stayed in a single room which is very small and fitted out a bit like a cabin on a ship. It had everything you need and is clean but dated and the furnishings are a little 'tired' looking. The shower room was tiny. This meant the room became a little stuffy, and the window only has restricted opening.   Breakfast is self serve and to be honest a bit of a cattle market. Mine was included in the room price, but even so there are plenty of good coffee houses within a minutes walk so I'd skip the experience and head out.   What makes this hotel good is its fantastic, enviable location at the end of Oxford…",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
5499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5495-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Just back from stay at this hotel.  Fabulous location, not overpriced, helpful staff, room clean, comfortable beds, good breakfast.  Will be back soon",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous location, but in need of refurbishment","Due to the fabulous location, we are always coming back to Hotel StGiles. But the need of refurbishment is becoming more and more obvious. This time we had a, so called, de luxe rom, but there is absolutely NOTHING luxurious about those. Might just as well had a standard room. The carpets are extremely old and dirty, most of the furniture need to be replaced. Quite depressing as it is now. Tv and bathroom was quite new though...Come back again? Yea, the price is still good for a location as superb as Hotel StGiles..",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient hotel,"I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in February.  The hotel has a great location and is very easy to find. Tottenham Court Road tube station is only a few minutes walk from this hotel which was perfect for us as we do alot of tube-hopping when we visit London.  The rooms were a little bit on the small side but the beds were extremely comfortable and the room was very quiet.  Bathroom was also small but very functional with a great shower.  The only complaint I had was that the lifts were very slow and sometimes when they arrived they were full. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel as it is very good value for money.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,"Didn't enjoy the stay in this hotel one bit. The room was tiny, the hotel would not rectify the mistake of room booking so we had to stay in a twin room with 2 very small beds in a small room with very small cushions rather than pillows.  Staff were not helpful and the breakfast was poor - the hotel was very busy but had the feeling we were cattle as opposed to guests!",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
5503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St. Giles Hotel & Leisere ClubLondon,"This was our first time to London and we found it to be as every bit expensive as people had said. With that, we found the St. GIles NOT to be very expensive and for the location we just could not find a better hotel. Great central location with wifi, walking distance to most tourist attractions, souvenir shops, restaurants and nightclubs. I personally found the hotel to be a bit older and not as impressive as some of the others aesthetically speaking, but the wood panalled walls and desk were a very nice and elegant touch. For the price and location we highly recommend this hotel. The staff was very helpful giving us tips on were to go for shopping or dinning, using the concierge name helped us get a table without waiting even when the restaurant had a 30 min. waiting list! I…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
5504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5500-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab London location,"Second visit to St Giles and even better than previous experience.  Hotel couldn't be in a better location, one minute off Oxford Street, 30 seconds from tube. Staff are nice, concierge in particular are very helpful and friendliest people we met in London.  Several nice restaurants on site and bar with nice atmosphere. Also swimming pool, health club, coffee shop, casino. I was visiting London with my Mum and had booked a twin room. I asked if it were possible to get a double bed for my Mum when booking and this was provided at no extra charge.  We in fact had a fab room with a separate adjoining room/alcove where my single bed pulled down from the wall - once down it was a proper single bed and exceptionally comfortable.  Rooms are tiny but spotless and with everything one…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location,"Just back from a 2 night stay in the saint giles what can i say great location inl london, central to everything 5 min walk to underground. buses just round the corner. The room in hotel are small but clean we not interested in decor as  a lot of people seem to have an issue with here its just a place to lay your head at night didnt come here to sit and study room once its clean thats suits us. breakfast was fine hot and cold buffet no toast but we survived ha. staff at reception lovely and very helpful. will stay next time we visit. excellent.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Not Over Priced, great location","Found that London can be a bit of a Nightmare for hotels. Lot of Hotels have extremely small and out dated rooms.  My one at St Giles was not big, but was great for me, I had a double, but single occupancy. Clean, with new amenities which was appreciated. The location is fantastic, right bythe tube and a supermarket very close by. Would definitly stay here again. Only down side was the lack of seating to cope with all the customers at Breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Really nice hotel situated just a hundred mt from the tottenham curt road underground station, situated in the center of london you can go out by night and find a club or a pub only walking a few min , it has nice and clean room with a beaoutifoul view from the higher floor, you can go to the swimming pool and the fitness center just pushing a button on the hotel elevator. I reccomend it to everyone",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
5508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great for a weekend with the girls...,"My friend and I have stayed here twice, in January and November of 2011. The first time we our room was extremely small, but we really didn't mind. The second time we got a much bigger room located on a higher floor. It was so amazing to watch the sunrise over London from our window!  This hotel is great for a girl's weekend in the city, with lots of shopping and drinking. For a romantic getaway? Not so much.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
5509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5505-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location - shame about the rest...,"Firstly, you cannot fault the location of this hotel, five minutes walking distance from Oxford Street, 15mins walk from Covent Garden - most excellent.  Swift and efficient check in / out.   However, from there on in it significantly goes downhill fast.  The corridors are old and tired - a labyrinth of corridors, all tatty and in need of recordation and new carpets - ASAP.  My friend and I stayed in a twin room for two nights and although we weren't in them long there were extremely claustrophobic. Again decor and carpet need lots of attention.  We stayed at the rear of the hotel and on the Friday night we got no sleep at all - noisy bar or club downstairs that went on through the night - boom, boom, boom noises constantly...  Breakfast is a complete joke - I appreciate we…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
5510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,no sleep too noisy,I would not return to this hotel again. Rooms very small. We were next to the lift and all we heard all night was the lift and noisy people shouting and banging on doors.Breakfast was disappointing with inedible sausages and the Italian restaurant is not open at the weekend. We ate in the Chinese but not impressed.,Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
5511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average - okay at St Giles,"I have stayed at St. Giles a number of times but this was the first time for a while - and nothing has changed.  It is a hard review to write because some things are good and some things are less so.  The location is superb, it is at Tottenhem Court Road tube station and the top of Oxford Street.  The lobby is impressive, marble and very well presented - it looks like you are staying somewhere very classy.  You also have access to a swimming pool - and you can tell because the smell of chlorine overpowers reception. Check-in was quick and easy and staff excellent.  The negatives are the rooms - they are small (average I suppose for London) but they are dated (tv's are quite good), carpet and sheets very old fashioned and carpet in room and in halls is torn and frayed.  It was,…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
5512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,theatre break,"just back from st giles hotel and have to agree with other reviews about the size of the rooms ,very small. hated using the old fashioned bathroom and thought the carpet in the bedroom was old and dirty. All in all wished id paid extra and went to a better hotel, did not wish to return to my room after a day out sightseeing",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
5513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never Never Never Again!,I will not be back as have no desire to stay in a small cupboard again. Room was the smallest I have ever stayed in.  Lifts were a joke - waiting a long time every trip. Breakfast was a horrible experience and felt like in a prison! I can find no reason why anyone would want to stay at this hotel. I will not be back! Not the nicest area of London. Look for another hotel.,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
5514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5510-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,location and leisure club,"Honestly saying, there are two good things to be said about this place. It is the location and the unique access to the Central London YMCA Club – any guest of the hotel is allowed to use all the facilities in this gigantic leisure and fitness club for a nominal fee of five pounds! You are supposed to pay for it at the hotel reception desk and then you only need to use the hotel lift to get to the YMCA club which is located just in the basements of the hotel. I recommend a swimming pool with two types of sauna just next to the pool. Well, since I was regularly going to the club and having a shower there I was lucky to avoid using my room’s bathroom – tiny with an old shower and peeling paint… The room was tiny too, one of the smallest single rooms I have ever seen! But I would…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
5515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for break away,This is a perfect location for a weekend away in the city with friends.  The bar stays open until late (3.30am) and the staff are helpful and friendly.  This hotel is a stones throw from the tube as well as shops and restaurants - Overall a good experience!,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two night stay...,"Room 432, if I had known it was so noisy and draughty I would have brought my tent and pitched it at St Pauls! Saying that the hotel is in a great position and the shower was great, but breakfast was very average, no toast!!",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Two night midweek stay Central London,"We booked a twin room and a single room by phone direct with the hotel. On arrival we were pleased to find the single room was upgraded to a twin. The rooms had single beds and tight on space for two people but adequate for a short stay. The rooms were on the 5th and 7th of 9 floors so it was nice and quiet being high up. Rooms were very clean, beds were very comfy. Bathroom was small with a good hot shower. One room had a blocked shower tray but this was fixed the same day after reporting it to the very polite and friendly reception staff. The concierge service was excellent providing transport info. Breakfast was good with lots of choice from continental to full English. I recommend the croissants and the scrambled egg.( no fried egg or mushrooms). Nice little cafe in raised…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab Service- Night in from the snow,"My mothers late birthday treat with my cousins & friends could have not had a very happy ending all due to being stuck in London, coming out of the theatre and finding ourselves in the heavy layerd snow fall. Although it was a lovely suprise with a few hidous giggles it took us all by suprise. Living just a few miles away in Kent, the taxi ride home, was becoming a nightmare. We walked for 20mins trying to get shelter as taxis were taking an hour or longer just in Covent Garden to be arranged due to weather conditions. My nan and my aunts were in their early 70's but getting them into the warmth was priority. I rang my husband to try get him to find us a place to stay but having managed to walk around we came across to the St Giles a big hotel with a very helpfull and politefull…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5515-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good for a couple of days,"Just returned 4/6 Feb. Went there with my husband to see we will rock you great location 3 mins walk away which was quite handy, as we left the theatre it had snowed. The hotel is really close to the tube station so thats a plus. Check in went well even thou i had forgotten to print of my reciept got my e mail up on my phone no problem. Having read on tripadvisor about the lifts i e mail ahead and asked for a low floor i got  the first floor and a recently refurbed room. It takes a while to get used to the set out and after 2 days i still did not find the stairs although i did not look to hard. As the lifts were ok and we were always lucky, by the lifts is a vending machine with chocolate crips soft drinks and beer, this was great for late night munchies. Did not bother to…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value hotel with great location.,"Stayed just before Christmas, ideal for theatre land, 3 mins from ""We Will Rock You"". Also ideal for Oxford St and shopping. Walking distance from Euston Station. We arrived early and room was ready. Only negative was the breakfast had a school canteen feel to it.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,***Fab hotel great location***,"Stayed in St.Giles on the 20th to 22nd of January . We had booked 3 triple rooms as there was 9 of us in our party . !! The staff upon arrival couldn't have been more helpful , they helped us with our baggage ( which we had alot of ) . The rooms were cosy with one double bed and a pull out single bed , suited us all fine , no complaints :) ... Would like to say a big thank you to the staff on the concierge , the were so helpful , very polite ,... The bar and restaurant in the hotel are fab , staff very friendly .  the buffet breakfast in the morning was nice , fast service . . It is situated in a great location just a 5 minute walk to Oxford street and a ten minute taxi journey to the west end . We will definitely  be back to stay here and we have recommended it too all of our…",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
5522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles Hotel, London","Didn't start the weekend too well as we arrived at the hotel to the news that we didn't have a reservation (booked via a Theatre package on line), but this was quickly resolved. Great location!! Small slightly out of date room. The room could do with a drastic update. The wood pannelling is out of date and in the bathroom there was mildew on the edge of the shower tray and the shower head dripped. Breakfast was good with a choice of continental and english but no toast !! Towels weren't changed daily and we had to ask for this to be done. Other inconsiderate guests were rather noisy returning to their rooms in the wee hours of the morning but, even though the hotel was just off of Tottenham Court Road, you had little sound from traffic and the hustle and bustle of a big city.…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,NORTHSOUTH,Excellent location! Great value for money!! Would of loved a bath instead of a shower!,Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5520-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect with really helpful staff,"The rooms were a comfortable size, were very clean and smartly presented. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, and when we got stuck in the snow at Tottenham Court Road and the central line started to experience severe delays, the concierge Miguel still made the time to organise a car for us to get to Liverpool St in time for our last train. This was despite us having checked out that morning, so were not even really guests at that time. The people couldn't have been more friendly.  We also arrived at the hotel for check in to find out we'd accidentally booked a double instead of a twin (I went with my mum) and they changed us to a twin without any trouble or charges.  This good service is extended to the Lazy Dog bar next to reception, where the bar staff are keen to help…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Mamma Mia,"We had one night in February and thank goodness the show was amazing, because the hotel is so sad! Fully understand whom it caters for, but it could try so much harder with decor, facilities and service. No need to comment on the size of the rooms, it has all been said.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
5526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Rooms kinda small but clean handy and great location,Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
5527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but poor quality","This hotel is perfectly located just a few steps off Tottenham Court Road and two blocks from Oxford Street, as well as the British Museum. Unfortunately the rest is not so good. My room was very small, with peeling paint in the bathroom, and mildew stains in the shower. The breakfast is served in an environment that strongly reminds me of a loud high school cafeteria. The only plus, apart from the location, is that you for five pounds can get full access to a gigantic YMCA facility next door with pool, gym, fitness classes etc.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
5528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"We stayed on There for four nights, smal rooms but we did not need more. Service on hotel was good, and you got an cofee, bread or fruit in the morning.  We ate breakfast out of hotel, Nice location you could walk everywhere",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
5529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5525-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend,"I stayed in this hotel for two nights with my elderly mother.  I was a little concerned as quite a few of the reviews I had seen on trip advisor had been awful! I asked for a quiet room and was given a newly re-furbished room on the 8th floor.  It was on the small side but more than adequate for a two night stay, clean and smelled fresh.  I found the staff more than helpful and would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Disappointment,"My husband booked this hotel as a birthday treat, alas we were both very disappointed.  I don't know how much was paid but I'm certain we must have paid a darned sight more than some of the guests.  The room was the smallest I have ever stayed in, as was the bathroom, ideal for a single guest but certainly not two adults!!!  The breakfast was a shambles, we sufferred for two morning and then did not both on the third, as a treat one would expect a dining room for breakfast, with china cups not canteen style with bright yellow mugs.  Our overall experience was one of disappointment and having recently spent two nights in a Travel Lodge hotel we feel that at least we would have had value for money had we booked the same deal for this ""treat to London"".  Advice:  Don't book St.…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
5531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location and value for money,"I often stay here when in London.  The location is excellent, right next to Tottenham Court Road Station.  The quality of the rooms is also very good and I have always enjoyed the breakfast.  The staff are OK, pretty average for London, and the hotel is reasonably clean and tidy and has the advantage of a swimming pool, though I have never used it.  I have found their admin to be a little shoddy.  Nearly everytime I stay here there is a problem with the booking and before I check in I am usually bracing myself for an argument at reception.  To be fair to them, this has not always been their fault but I never seem to have any problems with other hotels and I do stay in a few.  None-the-less I will probably stay here again next time I visit as the value for money is excellent for…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Once again, great value for money and great location","We returned to The St Giles Hotel in January having stayed here in July last year. In July we booked a double room which was at a very favourable rate of which i cant remember. Anyway, the room we had was quite small, with only a little room around the bed. But it was clean and served the purpose for what we wanted. This time, we opted for a twin room and again was lucky to have got a rate of £90 prpn inc tax. This time our room was more spacious than the double and we booked this on the basis that twin beds would need more room than doubles and upon entering the room were proven right. So, apart from getting a great rate and being in great location for our needs (being close to the gay scene in Soho) if you are a couple and don't mind sleeping in separate beds for a few nights,…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A very nice stop over,We stayed overnight at the St Giles on January 30th as part of a theatre break deal.   Check in wa quick and easy and the staff friendly and helpful. Room was small/compact but clean and functional. Tea/coffee making facilities good. Lovely constant hot water and the bed comfy. Although in the centre of theatre land we had no outside noise keeping us awake and I slept well.  Concierge was very helpful - nothing too much trouble. Late night bar very lively but nice for a nightcap.  Breakfast - although the restaurant is much like a school canteen it is clean and tables are cleared promptly. We ate at 9.30 -  no major queues plenty of seating space and lots of choice.  We've done overnight theatre stays on a few occasions and this would be my hotel of choice. Right in the heart of…,Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
5534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5530-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"The hotel is situated near Tottenham Road underground and in a great location for shopping. We stayed for the weekend over the new year and paid a reasonable price. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. There were very tolerant and always happy to help. The facilities were great and the leisure complex attached is great value for £5.00. The room we had was comfortable, clean and great for the two of us. We would definitely stay again and a big thank you to the staff for a great weekend.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and highly recommend it,"This hotel is very central, within easy walking distance of  Tottenham Court Road  underground,  numerous theatres, restaurants, Oxford Street and Regent Street for excellent shopping and also for trips on the River Thames and London Eye. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, the food and the courteous staff. The bedroom was very comfortable, quiet, if slightly on the small side. We shall definitely use it again and recommend it to friends.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
5536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not great - but good if on a budget,"Stayed here at the last minute as I was going to meet some friends in London. I knew I wouldnt need to the hotel much so I went ahead and booked.  Wow - i booked a single room...it was arguably the tiniest space I have ever locked myself into...however, saying this, it did contain everything I needed during my stay...  There were problems with dirty carpet and bathroom was minute but, it served a purpose.   All in all, it wasnt worth £74 a night... probably around £35... and as for the brekky, forget about it... its horrible. The coffee tastes of smoke (yes smoke!), the sausages are disgusting, the orange juice tasted like diluted juice with too much water, there was no proper Britich / Irish bread - the breakfast is a complete no go..!  The good thing about this place? Its a…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
5537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but central location,"The location is great - turn left and you are in Oxford Street/Soho Square in less than 5 minutes, turn right and you are at the British Museum in less than 5 minutes. The rooms themselves are tiny but clean.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
5538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Convenient but manic,"Looked really nice online so booked for a couple of nights to go to the \theatre and Christmas shopping. Fab location for all theatres and shops, really central and near to underground. Room was tiny though, would have a like a bit more space - and this was before we went shopping !!!! I was really dissapointed. Breakfast the following morning was like a mad house !! No structure at all, it was a free for all, get a table where you can, if you can -  as most were full, then queue for breakfast and drinks. Not the best start to what was going to be a busy day of shopping. Food was good though to be fair. Got back to room after shopping for hours, tired and in need of a shower and a rest, to find room had not been serviced. Complained to housekeeper who offered clean towels, we…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5535-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good value for money","I stay here for two nights at the end of January. Check in was quick and easy and our room was clean and roomy enough. The bathroom was small but fine. The location of the hotel is fantastic and a good base for exploring the city. We didn't book for breakfast but there was a very long queue in the morning! Also we had to wait ages for the lifts as the hotel was so busy. Overall, I would definately recommend the hotel for those who want a reasonably price mid range hotel and would stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Not a good experience!,"I was recommended by a colleague to stay here because of its location. Turned out they had been lucky and got a refurbished room - I wasn't!  What a hell hole! The room was tiny (indeed you enter it through a narrower than normal door!). There was no space for my to put my tiny roller bag (a single night bag). The room was dingy, smelly, a bit grubby and only had one power outlet for the TV (nowhere to charge your mobile). The bathroom was horrible - old, dingy, dirty, grimy. I didn't even shower as it was so awful - I thought I'd end up dirtier!  The hotel has a serious shortage of lifts - regular queueing for lifts! Also, breakfast is like a school canteen and the food is of a similar ilk!  Will not be staying again!",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
5541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Short break in London,Booked very last minute to get in some Chrsitmas shopping in early December. My advice - don't leave your Christmas shopping so late! It was manic - the hotel was busting the shops so busy and public trnasport a nightmare! My room at the hotel was very well decked out but very small. The bathroom was excellent but the rest of the room very small. Their is a YMCA next door for those wanting a gym and a pleasant surprise was the breakfast which was good value. Overall a good expereince but far too busy and a bit cramped for me,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,very handy,great place to stay if you want to go shopping without having to get the bus or unerground right on the corner of oxford street !! staff are lovely and only to willing to help with anything you need a lovely clean and comfortable hotel  only one thing rooms are a bit small,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location rooms little small but okay for couple of night.,stayed here for my 21st. rooms basic but it's what you pay for. amazing location. hotel has 700? rooms so little noisey and constant.,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5540-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Needs completely refurbishing,"Good situation, room tiny shabby and not too clean, staff didn't know what they were doing, gave wrong directions to our room,  grudgingly made coffe on return from theater, breakfast was canteen self service style -  awful and no toast! all served on a try like a greasy cafe, all in all, a very bad excperience.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
5545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Overall standard,"We stayed in the hotel on the 21 Jan and I have to say value for money it was excellent . I have seen some of the reviews and I don't know what some people won't ,the colleagues are very helpful and the breakfast excellent . The room was clean and the bathroom was one of the best we have had and we have paid hundreds of pounds for rooms.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
5546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely location, breakfast and staff!!!","As others have said I have to agree that the bedrooms are small, but such a little price to pay for the fantastic location. We have just come back from 10 days at St Giles, and we didn't want to leave. A special thank you to the lovely girls in the exec breakfast room, they only enhanced our stay!!! We will most definitley return, thank you to everyone at St. Giles!!!",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
5547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,trip to london,"wenty to london for weekend on the train from doncaster found it very easy no driving hotel central.we had travelld down to see the lion king unknown to us it was rememberance weekend what a weekend,the lords mayors parade was on lasted ages all the lovely floats,then the marines were doing a sponsered run,then the lovely atmosphere of the rememberence day,the hotel was central,it was a very busy weekend, but well worth a visit on the rememberence weekend",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
5548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Location is everything,"Stays here for a week every January. The best thing about this hotel is the location; it is located next to Dominion Theatre and Tottenham Court Road Station, just next to Oxford Street. Very convenient for almost anything in London.  The single rooms are tiny but clean. Breakfast is barely decent, but they don´t have toast. On Saturday mornings you might have to wait more than half an hour to get seated.  There´s a good gym and swimming pool, but you have to pay a small fee to use it.  The wifi access is a complete joke, and a bad one as well. I paid 45 pounds for one week access, and what I got was a very sluggish network. To make things worse I could only access it from the computer I bought the access from. So, no code which you could use for your other devices.  There are…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
5549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5545-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,GROTTY,"Stayed here in November 2011 as part of a theatre package for my wifes 40th  Birthday.Although brilliantly located near Oxford Street ,the thrill of London and the hotel stopped at the reception desk. This hotel is VERY VERY tired and could do with a complete refurb.Rooms are dirty and no bigger than a shoe box, laundry and towels resemble ""cream crackers""  and the breakfast can only be described as the worst motorway service station platter but worse.AVOID!.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
5550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"we have had 2 nights at this hotel, check in smooth and all staff very pleasant, we asked for a quiet room !!!! we got room 232 right next to the lifts and the staff areas  it was very noisy all the time. it was classed as a disabled room which the bathroom was superb for as it had a wet room style shower, handles etc everywhere and alarm system, but all the doors were of a normal size so not sure how a wheelchair user would manage. The room itself was tiny i had to walk on the window ledge area to get in bed and on the other side there was a fridge to avoid whilst getting in bed tiny old tv on the wall but generally we couldn't complain. I do think if anyone was disabled and given this room they really would struggle. The upside to the room was that we was entitled to use a…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nicely placed..............,"Hotel was clean; rooms old (4th floor) but reasonably well cared for; breakfast  - self service, canteen type setting and arrangement (they don't have toast!!!) - very functional, not all that inviting; postion - bang on (bottom of Oxford St just off Tott Court Road).  I stayed a couple of nights and will be returning later this month (unless i can find somewhere better at the price!).  You could do a lot worse than stay at St Giles......................",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
5552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Poor,"When I checked in there were 5 staff and one customer at the desk. One member of staff was attending the customer, two were on the phone, and at the Executive check in two young ladies stood chatting. Eventually one of them looked up, beckoned me to the desk and checked me in whilst she continued her gossip with her mate. She barely glanced at me, I was given no instruction about any of the facilities, time of breakfast etc, they couldnt get rid of me quick enough. Not a good first impression.  Room, I had a double for single occupance, small, reminded me of being in a caravan. The bathroom was tiny, no bath just a small dingy shower.  Attempted breakfast but room was packed and tables were on top of each other, queues everywhere. No chance of a relaxing breakfast so quickly…",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
5553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Okay for one night but definitely no more,Room s are exceptionally tight.  Adequate but could have been larger.  Ice machine ran out more often than not.  Too many students making the place rowdy and noisy.  Lifts are grossly insufficient.,Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
5554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5550-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value busy central London hotel.,"St Giles hotel is a large busy hotel, popular with tourists and business visitors requiring a good value hotel in central London. It is just off Tottenham court road close to the tube station on the central line close to British Museun, Oxford street, st Paul's, covent garden and so on. The rooms are a bit on the small size but very clean functional with tea making facility, TV, hair dryer and so on but a bit tired looking. I enjoyed the breakfast which offered continental and full English with lots of fruit and cereals. This is a good value no frill hotel that I use when on business, with access to the west end, but if you are looking for a high end hotel it's not for you!!",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ideally located for the West End,"Perfectly located for The West End as you can walk there in heels! Rooms are small but that's about right for central London. Most rooms have got refurbished bathrooms too, nice. Ok for a short stay in the heart of London and safe in the evenings. Surrounded by shops and eateries of all types. Nearest Underground station is Tottenham Court Road. Pool and gym facilities available at an extra charge. Breakfast is expensive, eat out. Bar is small, trendy and there's always someone to chat too.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So many things need changing,"I stayed at the St Giles hotel as I was attending a meeting in central London.  I come to London around once a month and am limited to cheaper hotels by my employer's budget.  I've stayed in a few hotels in the area which are roughly the same price per night and they are generally acceptable.    The hotel is big and very busy, which you would expect for a hotel which is so well positioned.   I was allocated room 729 which I knew was a twin room.  When I got in to the room it was really warm and smelled stale, so I looked for the air conditioning controls, only to find that there isn't any air con, there was a fan in the cupboard, but all of the plug sockets were so far away  from the bed I wouldn't have been able to position it anywhere useful.  Another thing I noticed was that…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
5557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Being just off Oxford st & Tottenham this hotel is great for getting to all the West End has to offer. The room was on the small side, with little room around the bed. The shower room was also tiny. Overall it was a little dated but clean & tidy. The heat was a bit too much but opening the window sorted that. Hotel reception was good & check in smooth. The bar attached to the hotel was a bit grubby, with loud music & service without a smile. Hotel casino was a nice late night edition.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
5558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,perfect for short trips and business,I have recently stayed at the St Giles Hotel I did find it really perfect for the position rooms are very small and a bit noisy but clean. Prices are good Lift are really slow and it takes ages in the morning and late afternoon to catch them.,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
5559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5555-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, the rest is very average","As I stay in London often I see many different standards of hotels.  Everything about this hotel is average.  The beds are ok, the shower is hot (no bath), the breakfast was filling. It is a hotel in desperate need of a re-furb.  My room had no curtains and the decoration was cica 1975. BUT... if it is just somewhere to stay in the heart of London then it is ideal. Close to shopping, rail and tube stations etc.  Loction 10/10... the rest 5/10",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
5560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, tiny rooms!","I've stayed here twice; the 1st time was appropriate as it was just myself & my partner; the 2nd time we returned with our just turned 2 daughter & the room was a disaster. It was very small, and space was limited with 2 adults, a child & all that they bring. However it was comfortable, clean & everything was in working order.   Breakfast is a bit manic & food wasn't that great quality.   It is in a very central location & for this alone I'd return.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
5561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If you're going to be busy in London and need a good base this is for you!,"The St Giles hotel is ideally located right at the crossroads of the shopping on Oxford Street and the nightlife of Tottenham Court Road, Soho, Covent Garden and Leicester Square. It is also really handy for the British Museum. It is also practically on the top of Tottenham Court Road Underground station, this gives access to both the Northern Line and the Central Line. In a few years, 2017 I think, this will also be really close to the new Crossrail Line that is currently being build.  This is not a laid back hotel by any stretch of the imagination, you know that it is a big hotel as soon as you walk in the reception area. Having said that there has always been enough staff on hand to check you in swiftly.  The rooms vary in terms of size, if you book a single room the room is…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
5562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Back again and again...,"We have been back to St Giles, off Tottenham Court Rd, many times during the last 20 years. Why? Mainly because it´s reasonably cheap, and it´s central both for shopping, restaurants and entertainment. It´s big and busy, but service has improved a lot in those 20 years. We usually stay in an executive suite as many of the standard rooms tend to be very small and cramped. This time we had a twin room, spacious as far as workspace is concerned (see below), but no free wifi; high up, so no noise from the street or the construction work on the new underground station. Here I´ll just list the drawbacks of this particular room: only one bedside table; almost impossible getting into bed on the window side (both of this because of lack of space); not enough luggage space if you´re…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
5563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"Stayed for 3 nights early January. Yes the room is not the biggest, but bed was comfortable, shower worked well, breakfast good, location outstanding. Have rebooked for wife's birthday later this year.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5560-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,feel at home at the st.giles,"I have been staying here for the past several years since it was recommended by my Brother. Its the perfect location for a visit to London for the things I like to do. Near the theatres , soho, oxford street. I grab my camera and its a pleasant day walkabout to trafalgar, buckingham palace, big ben and so many sites. Its adjacent to the tube. In the evening a mere stroll to restaurants and theatres. The rooms are small but for the amount of time I am there, it makes no difference, I dont visit London to stay in my hotel room all day. The bar and restaurant are fine for when I need them. I've had pleasant help from the staff..and yes the elevators can be slow but thats because its always so busy because so many people stay there, and many are repeats like myself or are there on…",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
5565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"The location is fantastic but the hotel wants to be closed down to have a complete renovation the beds are awfull, the pillows are lumpy,  The bathrooms are a size of a matchbox  The staf are all foreign and never smile  Apart from the location I have nothing good to say about the hotel",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
5566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice holidays during New Year 2012,"Was there with teenage daughter and really we have no complains about the hotel (only the elevators are a bit slow). Service we got was ok. Everybody complaining about the size of the room I would calm down. They could pay more than 100Eur per night and maybe get something better. But I have experienced more expensive hotels in central London and already being very disappointed with really small rooms (and even only 70 cm wide bed!). Well, back to St Giles: Concierge immediately help us as we step inside the hall. Check in was quick and with no problems. Room (we used twin room in one of the middle towers) - for the central London located hotel can't imagine bigger as this. Room was nice, two normal size beds, with good quality  mattress. Bathroom, small but clean and nice…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Anything lacking is made up by the location.,I have stayed here on a few occasions now and on all occasions have felt I have had value for money.  The location is brilliant.  Rooms are small and quite basic but adequate for a cheapish centrally located hotel.    Breakfast again adequate. Plenty of choice I did miss toast though.   There are a lot of things which could be improved but overall it is a fair price for an average hotel.,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
5568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,St Giles STOLE MONEY FROM MY CREDIT CARD,"Seriously, DO NOT stay at this hotel. Two days after i left, my bank informed me that they ILLEGALLY CHARGED MY CREDIT CARD WITH 400 GBP. I try to contact them, i talked on the phone with three or four people from the hotel, i sent five emails ,  I faxed them and they were just keeping me telling that  "" you need to speak with my colleague"" . They refunded 300GBP,  and and they just STOLE they rest. 100GBP STOLEN FROM ME BY THIS HOTEL. worst travel experience ever, especially for the way they treated me and ignore me. Of course I plan to sue them.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
5569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5565-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"I spent 3 nights at the St Giles Hotel at the beginning of December 2011 with 3 friends.  We had 2 twin rooms.  The rooms were small but clean, comfortable and had everything we needed.  Breakfast was very busy, but that's to be expected from a busy West End hotel.  We would definitely stay here again.  I think it is a value for money hotel and those who have complaints about the size of the rooms, breakfast etc should pay for a more expensive hotel if they have too high standards.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,One Night Only . . . Thankfully,"OK so here is my gripe . . . I am British but have been living in the States for three years and I have this crazy notion in my head that whether you are offering a low cost hotel, a mid-priced hotel or even a high end hotel the service should still be the same.  Now I'm not talking caviar off silver platters for the guests etc but just simple stuff that all hotels could do and they are REALLY simple things. For instance the concierges not being lazy and unhelpful . . . example for this was our bell boy telling me not to tip the cab driver as he wasn't helping us unload our bags and was leaving it to the bell boy.  Now wait a minute its not even his job! Get on with your own job and DO NOT TELL ME WHAT TO DO! My wife and I also would like to thank the concierege desk when they…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Location of hotel is very good indeed. Very close to Oxford street and Tottenham Court Road, with Tottenham Court Road station just 1 minute away. Further down the road is Piccadily. Breakfast is quite good. One person room is rather small. However having all the necessities.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
5572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,dont go!,"Arrived to our pre booked standard room, which was tiny, dirty and very overpriced. Staff were helpfull in trying to relocate us, you get the feeling they do it a lot. Eventually had to pay for an upgrade to have any room half decent.  It is close to the tube and the dominion theatre so as a plus you dont have far to go to get to the major attractions. We saw a travelodge furhter down the road, next time i will go there!",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
5573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good Budget Hotel in the centre of London,"Had a minute single room. However it was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was adequate, although the breakfast room was more like a canteen than a Hotel restaurant. Having read some of the reviews, I was expecting the worse, therefore I was not expecting too much ! I would certainly use again if in London for up to four days. 50 yards from Oxford Street and 300 yards from Tottenham Court Road Tube station. Certainly better than some of the low budget Hotel chains. Next time will certainly use the Spa. This must be one of the best fitness centers in the area !",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5570-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Ticks all the Boxes for short stay in the West End,"We have stayed at the St Giles on numerous occasions for our annual theatre trip. We use the St Giles because it has fantastic location for our needs and is good value. We have never had a bad stay here and I wanted to add my comments to praise the hote, in light of more negative reviewsl. Always check you get the excellent value buffet breakfast included, we did not ,one year and missed out,getting Coffe'n Go instead (our fault). This year we checked in at 11-45 am with no problem. Yes the rooms are not massive, but what do you need for an overnight stay. The bed is comfortable and there are extra pillows. There is a kettle for a reviving cuppa and no problem getting extra coffee, milk etc. The bathroom was large enough and very clean, with a powerful hot shower. We were warned…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location but room is very small and old,"Located very near to tube station and walking distance to Oxford Street and Piccadilly Circus. However, I was a bit disappointed with the room based on the price I have paid. The standard room was very small for 2 persons, dirty, furniture are old and need maintenance (or renovation).",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and not as bad as I thought after reading these reviews!,"After reading all of the reviews on here I was not looking forward to our stay but I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised! The location of the hotel was amazing and the rooms were fine! Yes, the rooms were small but for the amount of time we spent in them it was perfect! The bathroom was new and very clean! Breakfast was good, lots of choice and it was all fresh! We would definitely stay here again, don't be put off by all the bad reviews on here!",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Accomodation Size on St Giles Central London,"Stayed on this hotel for 2 day stay. Found the hotel quite nice and more than enough for what I needed. The relation quality/price is good, comparing to other hotels in the area. Location is the big plus here. It is very well located. Staff were great, nothing to point out. The worst for me was the room size. It is very small. I got a double room and still its very very small. I haven´t measure but I would say its 4sqm, and the toilet 1/3 of this. So very small. Apart from this I only use it to sleep. But if this would have been a relaxing trip and to enjoy the hotel I would have been very disappointed.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
5578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,terrible!!! do not go,"Small rooms, dirty and smelly. After complaining the manager told us they were full.They gave us another room, old and small bathroom, very small room...we were 3 in this room and we didn't have space to move or to open the baggages. They told me we payed for a 4 stars hotel but ST Giles is probably a 2 stars hotel...breakfast awful,service less than a zero... The only nice thing is the location...but do not go!!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
5579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5575-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,The people staying in the hotel let it down!,"I stayed here on a business trip on 14th December, booked by the company. I got an impression of crazed activity in the bar off reception, and shrieks of laughter every couple of seconds. The receptionist was obviously stressed and polite but distant. I think she was surprised when I smiled at her and said thank you. Plenty of lifts, and an ice machine in reception- plus points for those!  The corridors were a bit maze-like but smelled of fresh paint so I thought it looked hopeful that the rooms had been refurbished. My room was on the second floor on a side branch of the main corridor and was through a fire door that screeched every time it was opened- which was frequently throughout the night. A bit of oil might do it good.  The room was small but had been refurbished and was…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Average room but good location,"Stayed here after staying at a hotel in paddington for a change of scenery.  Rooms were small but ok, breakfast was average - breakfast room was VERY busy though as previous reviews have noticed and wait staff couldnt keep up with clearing the tables.  Location was fantastic tho, close to the tube and to the theatre.  Staff were helpful and smooth check out and check in.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,My little Box,My husband and I recently visited London for a special birthday occassion. A meal and a show at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club and an overnight stay in a centrally located hotel - supposedly 4 *  Ronnie Scott's fab worth every penny  St Giles Hotel - depressing and tatty  One room split into two  Lumpy mattress  Pillows fit for the bin  A shower that leaked water all over the floor because the shower curtain was not wide   enough.  Noisy air conditioning  The only good thing was the breakfast,Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
5582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, low standard","Best possible location, very easy to get around, and best shopping next door. Rooms are very small and not up to date.... Shower: slow and dripping but clean (and a hole in the wall as the plumbing was a mystery, short pipes???) Breakfast feels like something you would get in prison and coffee HORRIBLE but the location made me forget all those small irritating things. Also very reasonable room rates, and very friendly and helpful staff. I would stay here again!",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
5583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"Great hotel for the money, room was small by everything you needed, fantastic breakfast only missed the tomatoes on the full English, hotel is in the perfect position for theatre trip or shopping, very close to the tube, will use this hotel again",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5580-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,You Get What You Pay For,"I stayed at this hotel on a theatre break was a good location for the show, Oxford Shreet and the train starions. The only bad points are that the rooms were quite small so can be a bit tight when both getting ready and that if you have more than 2 strands of hair the hairdryer will be no good, as you are better of with a towel.  But I cannot complain about the location or the breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
5585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"Excellent position. Reception staff friendly, but professional.Walked from theatre without getting wet, to find the bar with a very good atmosphere and 'buzzing'Very close to British Museum and many other attractions only a short walk away.Will stay there again on our next trip to London. Lifts very slow and cramped, but stairs were really only the fire escape.Renovations in progress when we visited but not too destructive.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,A little gem in the heart of the City,"After reading other reviews we were not sure of what to expect, however as always we make our own minds up. We arrived early on 12th December for a two night stay (approx 12:30) and check in wasn't until 2pm. The receptionist asked if we had any preferences to which we said if possible could we have a refurbished and quieter room. There was going to be a slight wait for this room to be ready and so we were able to leave our luggage with the concierge. Check in was quick and when we got to our room we were pleasantly surprised. We were given room 508 on the 5th floor, the room had been renovated and had everything we needed (see photos). The room was compact however this suited us, everything was to hand - after all who needs a massive room with lots of unused floorspace? The…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,great location and value for money,"The position of this hotel is ideal for sight-seeing. We asked for a quiet room so were on the 9th floor overlooking the frontage. The room was very small, but well appointed and adequate for our needs. it was immaculate and well decorated. The bed was comfy and the shower-room, again tiny was quite adequate. There were smaartly dressed polite helpful doormen and concierges and all staff were very polite and helpful. The 2 criticisms are that the bar area on the ground floor is too small and noisy when busy andthe buffet style breakfasts were much too canteen-like. This WAS a youth hostel and one can see why it is like it is, however for what we paid and wanted we can't complain.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
5588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Central, clean, comfortable and cost effective","We stayed at the St Giles for 2 nights on the 4th and 5th December.  We had booked at the Comfort Inn, Edgware Rd but walked out after seeing the disgusting state of the Hotel.  The St Giles was ideal.  Situated right next to Tottenham Court Road tube station, it is an ideal base to explore central London and for shoppers it is around the corner from Oxford St.  The hotel was clean, the staff were professional and it more than catered for our requirements.  We were worried that the Hotel would encounter major noise but there was no problems whatsoever.  If you are looking for a simple, affordable and centrally located hotel, the St Giles ticks all the boxes.  We stayed on the 2nd floor overlooking a quiet street and the room although small (where in Central London isn't!), was…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5585-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great location and not overpriced,Very decent for the price given its Central London location. We had a slightly oddly shaped room as it was in one of the corners but it had everything we needed and the staff were helpful and courteous. Would probably stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
5590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,If you can afford something better... Then do!,"To be honest i was dreading staying at this hotel having read the reviews and seen travellers pictures on tri advisor. It was a business booking and was not hosen by myself. Secretly i hoped they were old photos and it had had major refurb.. Alas not! The rooms were tiny, not pleasant smelling and the bathrooms horrible. There were no redeeming features. One review says staff were freindly, i found them opposite, very surly and helpfull only when asked. Ate in restaurant for lunch, poor food , so poor did not bother with breakfast. Only reason to book this hotel is location to shops... But london has great underground network to get to shops from nicer hotels.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
5591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,So Central,"Just back from stay at St Giles. Location could not be better for us ie sight seeing,shopping and going to theatre. Right beside tube and bus stops. Get daily ticket for zones 1 and 2 for £6.50 per day. You can also walk to most places from here. Good choice of places to eat nearby and not expensive. The type of dining we do on a city break is more of a food pit stop than sitting over food for hours. Rooms are basic but everything one needs on a city break are there, shower ,tea/coffee facilities, hair dryer. On day of your departure luggage can be left in a secure place for all day ,if required at no additional cost.I left a small tip for this service. Only downside for me was access to lifts. Because of number of floors they are nearly always full..",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
5592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Fab location & staff,"I stayed in a single room which although it was on the small side, it was very clean with comfy bed & pillows. Shower was good. Room noisey at night due to location by Tottenham Court Rd & lacked good double glazing. The staff were amazing, so polite & helpful. We ate both nights in hotel, Italian restaurant served great food, lasagne £8.95, Chinese was similar price, with great food also. Hotel charged us only £1 per bag to keep bags after check out. This is a great hotel for the price & location. I will stay again. ",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good value in central London,"Stayed on a Saturday night - good value for money in a very central position. Room was quite small, but more than adequate for a 1 night stay. No problem with noise, but we were on the 6th floor. Breakfast was included in our deal - good choice of hot & cold dishes.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5590-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"great location,just what the doctor ordered","just returned after having 3 fab days for my husbands 40th,this hotel was just what the doctor ordered,fab value for money,breakfast £9.95,everything you wanted was available (except toast)the rooms were a little small but we were out all day so it was fine(room 112)the bathroom was very small but have to say was the best shower ever used very powerful and water was piping hot,and thats a first for a hotel with over 700 rooms,location could'nt be any better right in the heart of it all,soho,covent garden,buck palace,trafalgar square,picadilly,theatre land, all a stones through away,we went to see les miserable,it was breath taking,one to put on your must see list,over all we thought st giles was great value for money,and we will defo be returning and recommending it to friends…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, great location","If your looking for somewhere right near the theatres, Oxford Street, Covent Garden etc then this hotel is great. It's right by the tube and very handy to everything. As far as quality hotel...the rooms are tiny, we had a window that looked out to the wall (making the room quite dark), breakfast was average and the shower was TINY!  But..the beds in our twin room were comfy and we had all we needed for a pleasant enough stay.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Excellent for the money,"After booking this hotel as part of a theatre break I was nervous of what to expect after reading some truely awful reviews. However, I was more than pleasantly surprised.  On arrival at the hotel just after 2pm we checked in swiftly and easily, despite the girl checking us in hardly raising a smile I really don't care, she did her job swiftly and efficiently and that's what counted for me. We were given a room on the first floor and found it easily. Upon opening the door I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the room. We had a twin room at the back of the hotel which was immaculately clean and smelt fresh. The bathroom was also sparkling and although there was no bath, we hadn't gone to London to spend hours soaking in a bath! The beds were very comfortable and the linen…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel in the UK,"Well I was unfortunate enough to be booked into this Central London Hotel for (thankfully) one night.  Quite simply it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, anywhere.  The room was dirty, I would not have wanted to walk on the carpet barefoot and there was a large chunk of enamel missing from the bath.  Please bear in mind this is a central London hotel, literally in the heart of the shopping district.  When paying Central London prices I expect a few things to come as standard - as they do in EVERY other hotel I have ever been to.  These are:  Free wifi both in the hotel and in the room a selection of coffee, tea and hot chocolate with a few biscuits in the room toiletries to be provided such as soap, shower cap, razor and toothbrush, shower gel etc double glazing that…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
5598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,DONT EXPECT MUCH,"What can i say about the St.Giles in London we arrived Fri 2nd Dec at 13.00 our room was not ready but we expected that because booking in was from 14.00 fair enough, on our at 15.15 return we handed over the slip of paper we had been given at 13.00 thinking this would not take long WRONG it still took the reception another 10mins to locate what room we were in the only thing i liked about booking in they have a barrier system and nobody can push in front of you. the room we had was very small on the 6th floor you could not open the window very wide to look out over London due to the room only being small there was only a shower which is ok if you did not want a soak in the bath,also sometimes you were waiting a long time for the lift. the breakfast room I found was like siting…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5595-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Couldn't have asked for more,"We stayed for one night at this hotel and found it to be perfect.  We found our twin room to be a good size for the price, especially as it had a separate sort of annexe with a door leading to the bathroom.  The room was very clean and comfortable.  Check in was easy peasy and very quick.  The room wasn't ready as we were earlier than the check in time stated on our reservation, so the excellent concierge service took our luggage whilst we went off to enjoy ourselves in Covent Garden.  After a good night's sleep, as the hotel was surprisingly quiet, we had our excellent buffet breakfast the following morning.  Limited choice for the cooked breakfast, but piping hot which is very rare for a buffet breakfast.  Nothing was greasy, and it was all very fresh.  The breakfast room had…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,tired and dated,stayed one night room was small .carpet was dirty and room smelt  that bad I had to keep window open.friends room had black mould in shower.,Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
5601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Great Location excellent hotel,"We stayed for three nights at the end of November and booked a deluxe room. The romm was good with a separate seating area with tv, fridge, safe, teamaking facilities and aircon. Bedroom and bathroom were small but we expected this. We arrived early from our flight and when we asked if we could drop our bags reception checked and found that our room was ready so they booked us in. We were surprised to find that the price included a full cooked breakfast in a private restuarant. Location is perfect next to Oxford Street and within walking distance of theatres, museum etc. Would recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
5602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,"St Giles is what it is, a fair 3 star in a fab location.","Stayed here with a large group on business for three days. Very easy to find, just a couple of minutes from the Dominion Theatre on the Totenham Court Road tube (now re-opened) or from Holborn.  Rooms very very clean but most of our group moaned on about thiers being very small. Were were short of towels and coffee but after a chat with reception they were brought up in minutes. Bathrooms tiny but hey you don't live in them. Good shower. No toiletries you can ""steel"" but a bottle of generic soap supplied...stuck to the wall and shower cubicle. The room was typical of a 3 star, oakwood paneling anddecor which could have been any hotel any place. Compact, yes but very clean.  This is a very very large hotel and you will battle for a seat at breakfast if you are not early enough to…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Pleasent stay,"Worried a little about this hotel after reading some reviews on here. Emailed hotel asking for a room above floor 7 & at the back of hotel.  When we got there they hadnt recieved the email, anyway we were put on 4th floor but room at the back of hotel. Room was fine, didnt find it noisy, there is a fan in room if u get too hot. Only complant i will mention there was always a wait for the lifts & were usually full. This is a very busy hotel & breakfast is a nightmare with the amount of people i would reccomend a late breakfast to be sure of actually getting in, food plentyfull but was a queue for the cooked food.. Will use again",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
5604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193113-Reviews-or5600-St_Giles_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,St Giles London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The location is good.  The room we had was tiny.  We hardly had space to move around in a twin bedded room.  My roommate had to squeeze along the side of my bed to get to the one cupboard we shared for her clothes.  To use the drawers for her underwear was so awkward, she shared the drawer with the bible on the small bedside cabinet.  On using the tiny shower cubicle I tried to alter the temperature of the water and almost scalded myself - once you're in there, there's nowhere to dodge out of the way while you get the temperature right.  In the restaurant there is not a teaspoon in sight - just plastic things to stir your coffee or retrieve the tea bag from the cup.  On the plus side, it is clean and the concierge were friendly and helpful.  The impression you get on arrival is…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
