,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or0-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!,"Stayed here last night, usually book through booking.com but as I was arriving at 07.30 the reception guy said he would honour booking.com prices and I could book direct with them.  The booking.com price was £37.50 per night, I stayed 1 night and checked in early at 07.30 instead of after 14.00 and was charged £120.00!!! Needless to say after working a full night shift and being exhausted I was not going to stand around and argue I just wanted sleep.   The hotel is undergoing refurbishment and the entrance is sealed off, you therefore have to use the fire escape. The inside of the building is like a builders yard with equipment everywhere. Fortunately I did not encounter any excessive noise but I did stay on a Sunday.  The fire escape has to be manually opened by staff for entry and exit, I had been out for dinner and was waiting 15 minutes for the member of staff to open the door on my return as he was obviously away on his dinner break.   That same member of staff who was working Sunday into Sunday evening is one of the most IGNORANT and CANTANKEROUS individuals I have had the displeasure of meeting. RUDE!! Disgrace to the hotel and hospitality sector. He should be removed from reception as he sets a bad tone for your hotel.  Room is small and dingy, no room to swing a cat with less than a foot in length in front of the crammed in toilet, leaving little room for one to conduct ones ablations.   Window looked down into an awful yard, window had to be left open so I could actually breathe.   Tea tray had cups, glasses and a kettle, not a single item for tea or coffee making. Tv had about 10 channels most of which are shopping channels.   Bed moderately comfortable, pillows flat and cheap.   Shower however good pressure.   Worst bits- all of it INCLUDING HEAVY OVERCHARGE  Best bits- CHECKING OUT  Hotel as I said is being modernised, it wants knocking down not modernising. …",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or0-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"The best thing about this hotel is its central location and handy proximity to central London and key transport links. Aside from the location, positives include a comfortable bed and clean and functional bathroom.  The room was cramped and incredibly hot - even in October - and it took a great amount of difficulty to even get the window to open. However, even with the window closed it was difficult to sleep due to the level of noise which only got worse when we did finally manage to open the window.   There was also a lack of plug sockets in the room - one had the kettle and TV plugged in and the other was hanging out of the wall by its wires underneath some furniture! Not exactly great for health and safety.  Breakfast is served in the basement of the hotel, a dark and windowless room which is far too small to serve guests from every room. This meant queues for breakfast and guests having to wait, staring at you as you ate your breakfast to try and get you to hurry up so they could have your seat! The breakfast itself was nice but the atmosphere was not enjoyable.  Despite the hotel's great location, there were just too many faults and sadly we will not be back in the future.…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or0-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Central London Hotel,Excellent location if you want to explore shop and out out in Central London.  But that is really the only positive.  In general a very old run down hotel so would not recommend staying for more than one night.,Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or0-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Mr,Be prepared to have an experience faulty towers experience the room we opened the door and literally feel into the bed it was that close to the door you could not walk around the room it was bed sideboard done wallpaper stuck to the wardrobe falling off kept clean that’s the only good part Breakfast is included that means Toast pancakes  Bacon and anything they can add is charged this was advertised breakfast included I must of missed the small print here for £159 for one night check in at 3 out by 10  I would have no problem paying this for a room not a shed  Look around there are some fantastic places in London just not this,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or0-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ok.....,"When we arrived they were nice to us and told us we were on the 5th floor when we walked down the corridor there were trollys from the cleaners the room was small and there was not a hairdryer in the room until we went down to ask for one,,most of the plug sockets did not work,,the bed was uncomfortable,,we could hear noise at night and in the morning,,the shower temperatures are on and off and the shower floor feels like there are broken tiles underneath,,would not come here again !",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or5-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Short vacation ,"Very good location, close to Tottenham’s court tube station and oxford street. Friendly and helpful staff, clean small rooms and free breakfast. Free WiFi with good internet speed is available. Highly recommended for couples vacations",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or5-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Didn’t even know London had ground floor hotel rooms,"We were here at the end of January after our honeymoon in America. We were put on the ground floor by the lounge and the street.  On first impression, the hotel is alright. Looks more modern than it is. However, the room was TINY, not much room a round the bed to actually move. The bathroom was new, which was nice. However, there was no ventilation in the room or the bathroom. If you boiled the kettle and/or had a shower the room was hot and humid. The window eventually opened (with great difficulty and help from the staff) and the noise was awful. We stayed for two night and got little to no sleep because of the noise from everyone coming in and out of the main door to the reception, people in the lounge area and the street.  The floor in the room was bumpy, like they had…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or5-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel !,We stayed here for 2 nights this weekend. The room was reasonably priced and super modern and clean ! The location was perfect ! We were going to a show and wanted to go shopping so we were in the perfect location for this. The bed was so comfortable ! The room was a little stuffy but was fine once we opened the window. Coming back again in August and will definitely be booking here !,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or5-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Hotel,Worst Hotel ever! absolutely horrible service! we checked in at 11h and after 15h our room still wasn't cleaned. staff was so rude. if we had a complaint he's answer was: 'it is not my job to give info' or  'you're in london city what did you expect'. Rooms were so small that we couldn't open our suitcase in the room. there were no adapters in bathroom. only adapter in corner of the room but no mirror. they run out of breakfast so we couldn't have breakfast altough this was included?! the bed was way to small for 2persons and only 20cm off the walls on all sides. window was so dirty and had fungus on it and couldn't be opened. they promised discount on parking space but when we asked for it they told is they don't do that altough it is well mentioned on their site. all this for…,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or5-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",RUN!! ,"RUN!!! I did a lot of trips and see a lot of hotels. And I can be sure it's the worst.  We were in a room under the ground (floor - 1). How can it be possible??  The room was really small and sultry. Only space for a bed. It's unacceptable for an hotel like that and for that price. And yes there are a window but the view:  stairs and a wall because we are in the floor - 1. If you are claustrophobic don't go you will be scared as if you go to an horror attraction.   At 6am you can start to hear noise. Why? Because near the room it's the place for cleaning women who but all there stuff in the corridor. You want to leave the room you can't, you don't have enough place.  Breakfast really small almost nothing to eat. Only ham, cheese and classic ( tea, coffee, toast). The place is…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or10-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Lovley stay!,"Everything was just great! The staff, the rooms, the location! Small rooms, but you are not in London to spend time in the room! Close to the underground! Perfect hotel for our trip! You have Primark, Oxford Street and Brittish Museum just around the corner and SoHo a short walk away",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or10-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for weekend theatre break,"Good location, walking distance to theatreland, very near Underground station for getting anywhere else. Obviously a converted private dwelling, so corridors were a little narrow if you are trying to manage a large suitcase! There is a lift. Room we had was fairly small but adequate,  nicely decorated, bathroom with toiletries was fine (looked fairly new and needed a little more finishing round the edges, but not a problem). Did not take breakfast, although included in the price, as the breakfast room was very small, only about 4 tables, and on each morning there was a queue for seating. The only disadvantage was our room was underground, although it had a door leading to what had obviously been basement steps, now roofed over but with air circulation. This was fine, but it…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or10-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal stop over,"No idea why this hotel has such bad reviews, although we were apprehensive when we first arrived as there was a hand written note on the reception desk saying 'back in 5 minutes' after about 10 minutes someone appeared, but there was no apology for keeping us waiting. The room was small, but clean and comfortable, bathroom well equipped and also very clean.  Basic breakfast was fine, again clean surroundings and plenty of choice.  On checking out we weren't asked whether we'd had a nice stay which is very unusual.  On the whole, great location, clean hotel, nothing that a bit of customer service training wouldn't sort out.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or10-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic budget hotel,"Great hotel, I was upgraded as receptionist chose to do so. Room was fantastic, beautifully decorated, and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was pretty basic, a bit stodgy for my liking (muffins??), otherwise fantastic. A bargain in a prime location.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or10-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible staff and great value,"I've never been to a hotel where the staff care so much. It's warm and friendly and they cannot do enough for you. For a central London location, the rooms and the prices are brilliant value. I stay in London every week and I've tried and tested so many hotels in the area at varying prices and they really don't compare on value. I really wouldn't stay anywhere else.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or15-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"Just returned from a 4 night stay. Our room was very good clean and comfortable bed. Well equipped, clean towels each day tea and coffee replenished daily. I don't know why some reviews have  been awful. Staff friendy. Great location. Breakfast basic but fine, could do with larger breakfast room as had to wait on 2 mornings for table. Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or15-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel with basics missing,"So first things first, I know London is an expensive city and you cant expect much in 200 Euros a night. But here are key points that i think can be improved in the hotel and that dont even cost money. I stayed in room 207 and these are things i notice :- 1)Toilet seat was not fixed properly, it was moving 2) Bathtub was not able to hold water (whats the point of having a bathtub) 3)Washbasin had no drain cover, you could see right through the drain pipe 4)the tubs panel kept on falling while shutting the door 5) they didnt have a dental kit in the room which is very basic also outside in the room, i they served biscuits 3 pack. i ate one one day and there were no replacements the whole week .Dont put it in the first place if you cant refill it No water bottles in the room. I…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or15-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but needs a mirror in the room,"Hotel good location,room was clean, breakfast was fine, the down side was no mirror in the room at all only in the bathroom and a notice on the door stating u have to pay to leave a suitcase, didn't think that was acceptable",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or15-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Surprised by the bad reviews!,"We stayed for one night while in London. We visit London regularly but have not stayed here before. We didn’t look at the reviews before we booked but I’m surprised by how many bad reviews there are!   The rooms are small but plenty big enough for the two of us that we didn’t feel as though we were on top of one another. The bathroom is very tiny but again we didn’t feel this was an issue. They have clearly been recently refurbished to a high standard.   The location is excellent just a short walk to the tube station.   The breakfast was free and consisted of pastries, cereal, toast and fruit with juices, tea and coffee. Anything else was extra.   We were late checking out as we had thought it was 11 but the receptionist was lovely about it and did not charge us extra.   Overall…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or15-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights because it was close to the theatre we were going to.  We stayed in room G2, a twin room. It was small but very clean. I'm fussy with bathroom cleanliness and I couldn't fault it.  The room was at the back and very quiet. Got very warm during the night but it had been a very hot day. Staff were very friendly.  Breakfast is available but we didn't try it. There's plenty of places to eat nearby. The room was well equipped with tea and coffee making facilities, two large mirrors and a hair dryer. Only thing the room could have done with was a shelf or bedside table and a few more plugs but overall for a budget hotel this is fine for a couple of nights",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or20-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A fair review ,"I stay in a lot of hotels ranging from budget through to 5*. I needed somewhere low cost for 2 nights in London and thought I would give this a try despite reading the terrible reviews.  This is a budget hotel and don’t expect 5* for the price you are paying. We had room 102 which faces the back and was quiet. The room was small and a bit cramped but clean and clearly been recently refurbished. There is a decent sized TV, small double bed, hairdryer and iron and ironing board plus a kettle with tea and coffee.  The bathroom was the only issue which I reported on departure - the shower fixing is incorrect and therefore you could not have a shower. There was a bath so we managed. No mirror in the room but there is one in the bathroom. No where to dry your hair with a mirror. We…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or20-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",WORTH TO STAY HERE ^_^,"CONS: I stayed here from 10th of May until 13th of May, 2019 with my other half. We had a great stay here in Cheshire Hotel, their room and furniture look elegant. So, I couldn't ask for more as we had a good sleep because of their comfortable, stylish bed. The toilet was clean with towels, shampoo, soap,  and conditioners. If you need iron, you can ask the reception about it. They are welcome to help their customers, and I can tell they have excellent customer service too. Their location was close in the tube station (Tottenham Court Road) and also to the shopping area.  We will come back here again :)  PROS: Please! could you check all your rooms if the air conditioning is working correctly. We had a problem with our room temperature as we couldn't drop the temperature below…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or20-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",For a Very Short Stay Only,"The Good Location was as city centre as you can get. Most places were only a short walk away and the tube station was close if you needed to get any further.  The room was clean with enough facilities to get by (bar air conditioning). The shower was great and it was nice to have shampoo & body wash available.  The staff were friendly and helped out with any requests.  The breakfast was better than other similar hotels I have stayed in.  The Bad We checked the room temperature regularly and it never dropped below 30 degrees. It was unbearably hot. We couldn't sleep with the window open as there was constant noise (music, sirens, large crowds in general) outside until the early hours of the morning. This is expected in a city centre location but with no air conditioning or fan, we…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or20-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Ruined!! DO NOT BOOK!!!!,"I had booked to see a show and a night at the Cheshire Hotel for my daughters birthday present so that we could have a chilled evening and shopping the next day. The hotel rang me on the day of arrival to tell me they could not accommodate us and that they couldn't find an alternative and I was welcome to find something myself! Well as I had booked this hotel months previously trying to get anything in central London for the same deal was impossible so my daughter and I ended up seeing the show and rushing back to the train station to catch the last train home!! Staff were rude, uninterested and in fact didn't even apologise properly. Total Con, DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL BE WARNED!!!! Read the reviews. Thank you The Cheshire for ruining my daughters birthday present you are without…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or20-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor customer service,"My parents lodged at this hotel during a visit. The room was quite small and breakfast was extortionately expensive.  The worst part was the customer service after my mum lost a pair of sunglasses. We called and emailed unsuccessfully for them to locate it. The man we called and spoke to on the phone was extremely rude, cussing us on the phone. An email was sent to the reservation/customer service email address regarding the conduct of their staff and this email has gone unreplied since then.  Extremely shameful customer service, and it's even worse to think that they take advantage of lost items and steal from customers.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or25-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Where to start...,"Cons - Where to start, apart from read the write ups. Front of house staff rude on email & in person. We were awake at 6 with noise, you could hear the tap running in the next room, neighbors door closing sounded like our door was closing from wide open. Lift ding was loud. Staff in the hallway talking loudly, keys in locks sounded like a jailer. all from our room. The small room had seen better days, small holes in ceiling, walls, wallpaper coming off the walls & carpet could do with a clean. No real cupboard space if you like to unpack. Beds have seen better days. Lock Broken on bathroom. Boarded up doors, safety tape.  Pros - Bathroom looked clean at least from the ceramic side. Had a tv in the room  Overall a dismal stay, felt unrested. Felt we wanted to check out & go stay…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or25-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor!,"Me and my partner will never stay here again. The hotel was scruffy and outdated. The receptionist was not very friendly and unwelcoming. The lifts didn’t work, the carpets were pulling away which Caused me to trip a few times. The room seemed nice at first until we saw loose wiring everywhere, stains on the walls and the bed was extremely hard. The room was very small and got very warm at night. The only positive was the bathroom which was very modern. During our visit the hotel must have been undergoing some construction work as all we heard was drilling and banging. The ‘free’ breakfast was just toast, cereal and muffins not what we expected.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or25-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for One Night,"The hotel is in a great location about a 5/10 minute walk from the tube and the room was clean. However on arrival the staff where moaning in front of us about their working hours which wasn't the best first impression. The room was tiny and dark, I am 5""7 and could just fit in the bathroom. The window looked to the back of another grey building and the wall paper in the room was ripped. The kettle in the room is dangerous, only about half way filled and water was bubbling over onto the wires, this needs to be looked at!  Check out is at 10am and at first the option to be able to leave bags at reception for free till 12 seemed like a good idea until we were told that the CITV was not working and the bags would be left unattended in the waiting room/entrance, surprisingly we…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or25-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A good nights stay,"I booked this as it was right by my seminar venue the following day. The check in experience was excellent and receptionist very friendly. My room was a triple and was immaculate, very comfortable and fitted to a high standard. The standard breakfast was more than adequate for me with cereals, toast, fruit and yogurt. The breakfast staff were extremely friendly and efficient. Considering the location it was quite good value too. I had no problems with my stay and wouldn’t hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or25-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"Hotel is scruffy, needs alot of updating. Thread bare carpets, scruffy walls. First impressions upon entering building at reception are exacty that. There were cleaners in the reception who made us wait while they chit chatted with the receptionist who wasn't the friendliest anyway. Room was ok and upon first glance looked clean but windows full of dust, some marks on bedding. No ironing board as described as having. Didn't have food or drink nor would we have wanted to. Worst nights sleep ever and extremely noisy!!!! Shouting, screaming, arguing at 3.30am. Bedside lights didn't work. Don't bother coming, its not cheap and what you get is absolute rubbish! Lots of different staff on reception all scruffy looking and unfriendly, god knows who owns or runs this place.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or30-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"For a touristy trip to London, this hotel was perfect for us. The location is great, friendly staff and clean rooms. However the ‘free’ breakfast is not worth having. We paid for an omelette (£3.99) each morning and it was good.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or30-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty towers,Got to say after reading above reviews more disappointed that the lights randomly switching off has been an issue for months so not dealt with that problem the sink did not empty the bath changing to shower was extremely difficult as stiff the hairdryer had a mind of its own. Breakfast was included and although fruit cereals and juice was available we could only have toast tea and coffee anything else was chargeable. In spite of all this the reception staff had a sense of humour and were very kind as compensation they   offered us a full English breakfast but we had eaten a lot of toast lol we laughed the whole time and came away with some stories the location to shops and theatre is excellent and it is very clean on a positive note we would return for a short stay just for the…,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or30-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I feel the need to write this review, after being horrified and worried regarding the poor reviews prior to arrival (I booked before reading) and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. We arrived just before midday and although our room was not ready the receptionist offered to hold our luggage - the secure room was full, which wasn't a problem as he held them behind reception for us which we collected later on when we checked in. Room was spotless as was the bathroom, this is a small boutique hotel so the corridors were a bit dark but I wasn't sleeping in them so wasn't an issue. We booked this hotel for it's central location - I am not expecting 5* Concierge service/deliveries to room etc. We had room 302 which was quiet, clean, spacious & done the job for 2 nights in…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or30-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Bad experience!,"Just needed to stay 1 night close to the meeting point in order not to wast time in traffic jams. When I checked in, there was no wi-fi for 4 hours. When I asked for an iron and board the hotel representative said I was supposed to ask for it before in advance so he did’t help me with that.   Couple of words about the bathroom... The light is turning on/off as it wants to. No control! Like a disco. I could also hardly turn the shower mode. Bad experience!  Do not recommend.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or30-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid massively!I was robbed!,"Avoid!!!!!!! stayed here 22nd march 2019 for 2 nights first night we went out at 9.30 pm to a show we came back at midnight i had left 100 in my purse in my handbag and when i checked my purse the next morning to go out for our first day in london my purse was empty. Someone who had access (i.e staff) mustve come into the room and helped themselves to my money as there is no other exolanation as the door was locked and you need a keycard to get in.Totally ruined my trip had to ring the police, they are currently in the process of filing a crime report and making enquiries waiting for them to get back to me . The hotel have been unwilling to look into the matter or compensate me for the loss. I paid 166 for my room and asked if i could be reinbursed and they refused apparently…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or35-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Needs improvement,"The location of the hotel is excellent - Oxford street is just around the corner, the neighbourhood, however, was peaceful. Rooms were small, with a TV and a good WiFi, nothing to complain about apart from the size of the bed, for two people it is way too small! We seriously don't recommend taking breakfast here! It is so overpriced and all you get is a toast, cereals with milk and apples, as well as terrible coffee (don't know about tea). There are cafés everywhere with a much better menu. Overall, it is worth booking this hotel for its location, but the other aspect ought to be improved. ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or35-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Simple,"Stopped here as part of a job. Location was great, lots of places to eat ect. Room was basic, very small and modern but felt like it was mid way through a refurb. Bits of trim missing, cables hanging out the wall and bathroom had patches where lights used to be. Clean and comfy bed. ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or35-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent central location,Stayed twice for work. Small rooms but to be expected in central London. Friendly staff. Rooms were comfy and clean. Central location on top of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road. Only downside was a lack of mirrors or plugs near mirrors for hair styling! Made do with a handheld. Other than that a great find!,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or35-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Before our stay at the cheshire we booked without reading the reviews, we went to the hotel with very bad expectations and we were pleasantly surprised. For the price we paid it was a very fair experience. The room was clean , tidy and modern. We had no major issues whilst we were here. The basic breakfast was incredible basic, cereal and toast. The room was very small for 2 people but that wasn't really an issue for us. It is a very convenient location for Oxford Street , Covent Garden and the Theatres.  Would return if we had the same room , maybe not if we got one of the other rooms on offer which i have seen in other reviews.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or35-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",It’ll do - could be better ,"Arrived for my birthday. We had let them know it was my birthday and they said they would give us a “good room” and a birthday gesture. Never got this gesture, which isn’t a problem but they shouldn’t state that they will provide something.   When we arrived we had to wait for someone to come onto reception. We were told that we had continental breakfast included - but this is “toast or cereal and tea and coffee”. Anything else is extra. We were never told where breakfast would be served or at what time.  All of the hotel is small - like corridors and lifts are too small to get in with a back pack on. (See image)  Room was small but well decorated - door doesn’t open all the way so it’s hard to get in the door. Had to side step around the bed. Decoration was nice in the room -…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or40-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful hotel,Myself and 2 friends stayed here for 1 night. We paid 229.00. We were put in the basement where the carpet was 2inches too small around the edges. The floor tiles had no edging and were a major trip hazard. The beds were crammed together. The view from the window was of old tables and chair and a tunnel. Also people above could look down into our room so we had to keep curtains close. Breakfast was ridiculous.. 6 tables for such a huge hotel is just not enough. We waited 15 minutes for a table then a further 15 minutes for someone to take our order.. then another 10 minutes before our pots of tea came out. Then they tried charging us 1.50 for a glass of juice when juice is part of the continental. The noise outside the room on the morning at 6.50am from cleaners was…,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or40-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",NOT RECOMMENDED,Room was tiny and bed was 3/4 not double. It was also a hard mattress. It was very uncomfortable for both of us and we both slept badly because of it. The room was very basic. The wardrobe was small and wasn't sufficient for two people. There was also no bedside tables although the room was so small you wouldn't have got them in even next to the tiny 3/4 bed The lights only worked intermittently and you had to play around with the switches to get them to work. The electronic door key had to be reset mud stay as it stopped working. You couldn't either open or close the curtains as they were fixed too tightly to the curtain pole. Single glazed windows on a busy street location also provide no noise reduction what so ever. The dining room was desperately inadequate. Not sure how…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or40-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"We stayed for a few days over the New Year, hotel room was very small, tiny wardrobe and no room to store cases apart from the floor, no bedside cabinets, uncomfortable 3/4 size bed (worst sleep ever) the dining room had 6 tables for a large hotel, people had to wait and some left to go and buy breakfast elsewhere. Breakfast is just tea/coffee, toast & fruit unless you pay extra. It's more like a very basic B & B and not a hotel....worst hotel I've EVER stayed in!!",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or40-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",If you like to be mislead and disappointed then stay here!,"Well.....we arrived at the hotel around midday and asked if we could put our luggage in the luggage store. We were told this was full but we could leave our luggage in the unsecured reception or pay extra to check in now...well not exactly a great start. All ID was photocopied so that we were then ready when the time came to collect our room key later....so you would think everything was as it should be. So we carry on with our day as we were scheduled to see a show.  Upon returning in the evening to check in as it is now appropriate too we are issued a room key,  We go to the room we are assigned to discover it is a twin room....when we had booked a triple room with a double bed and single.....My husband returns to the receiptionist who says there are no available triple rooms…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or40-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling treatment - reservation dishonoured,My wife booked a room over a month ago and confirmed the reservation yesterday by phone - the hotel even sent an email confirmation. BUT when she arrived today they said she was too late (at 11:50!) and they didn’t have any rooms available. Extremely discourteous and refused to help with any alternative accommodation which left us desperately trying to find a room at Christmas time…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or45-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Worst of the worst,As hotels go.....I've stopped in better caravans The only thing this has got going for it is location other than that if I could give minus scores it would get them  Emailed hotel to see if could leave bags and if kettle in room  Both replied to with a yes.... When we got there the secure luggage was the lounge reception area all open and NOT secure.... The staff look like they can't be bothered not even standing to greet when arriving just sat on seat behind desk... Now the fun starts we booked two rooms which was confirmed by them one a triple for daughter .partner and our granddaughter and a double room for me and other half When we got there said we hadn't said how may even it it shiwed on mail from them it did We ended up with a single ..a double...and a room which was…,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or45-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I visited this hotel with my husband & 14 month old daughter, I wasn’t expecting a great deal as we only paid £125 for a one night stay including breakfast for the 3 of us. We arrived & checked in, the receptionist was clearly new which I can appreciate. We asked for a ground floor room & she said it wasn’t possible which we understood. We got given our key & went to the room to find another guest was already in the room. It was a shock to both my husband & the man that was standing in his underwear!  We went back down to the reception & she gave us another key to a room on the ground floor (after saying they didn’t have any free). She didn’t say sorry & didn’t seem remotely bothered that we’d walked in on someone.   We got in our room eventually, it was clean but very small.…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or45-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as all these reviews make out,"I stayed here with my wife for one night at the end of October this year and couldn’t really fault the place for the price paid to be honest. Yes, it’s not CHEAP cheap, but it’s definitely lower end of the budget for a Saturday in the middle of the west end (i.e. under £200). The room we had was pretty nice - modern, clean bathroom, and the bedroom had clearly been recently decorated. There were a few random bits of wire hanging out the wall, but the bed and room overall were clean and comfortable. The corridors were a bit unfinished, but you don’t sleep in the corridors, so does that matter? The staff we encountered were also friendly, so no problems there. At the end of the day, it’s under five minutes walk from Tottenham Court Toad tube, and decent value, what more could you…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or45-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor value for money,"My work booked a room here for me for a couple of nights a few weeks ago. When I arrived I was told that there were electrical issues in my room so I had to wait for 10 minutes to check in. A bit of a worrying start.  The room itself was fine, the only issue being that there were no rails for any towels in the bathroom. I had to hang towels from the glass shower screen, not ideal. The hallway and common areas of the hotel were pretty shoddy though, unfinished surfaces and full sized doors sawn to smaller size to fit doorways.  My biggest gripe is the included 'breakfast'. This consisted of 2 pieces of toast with jam/butter and a cup of tea or coffee. For anything more than that you have to pay £7. Considering it had cost my company £180 a night to book a single room here this is…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or45-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service. ,"The Staff had no smiles, did not say hallo or good morning unless spoken to by hotell guests. The persons behind The desk should always seek contact with their guests, if only in eye contact and smiling. Here they seemed more interested in the computer screen. ",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or50-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Two night stay on business - great as a base,"There are so many negative reviews for this place, I feel the need to speak in their defence...  It's clear from arrival that the place needs modernising, and also that the modernising work is ongoing.  Yep the stair carpet is missing, and yep the paintwork in the door frames isn't finished.  However, the room I was given was one of the modernised ones, and it was pretty much fine.    The bed was comfortable, the shower was fine.  Yes the room was small, and yes the bathroom was small, but since I was travelling on my own I had loads of space.  If I'd have been there as part of a pair, the room would still have been fine.  The restaurant is small, no question there.  You may have to queue for a table at breakfast time (yes, lady behind me who insisted that I was ""in the way"",…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or50-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Rudest man ever,"The girl on the desk was nice and the hotel was okay, however our room was next to the restaurant so we could hear everything going on from early in the morning, people talking outside, doors banging etc..... room was okay but bathroom tiny and needed a good scrub.. what ruined it for us was the man who greeted us (i can only imagine he was the manager) .. he is literally the rudest man I’ve ever met, speaking over us, walking off while we were mid sentence.. this is literally just while we were trying to drop our bags off.. he was vile",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or50-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, dirty, disgusting.",Awful hotel. Our room was filthy with dirt on the skirting boards and up the walls. Carpet was not laid just placed on top the underlay. Extreme trip hazard.  View on to an underground tunnel of some sort full of rubbish. Stains on the linen. Rude and unhelpful staff. Especially the Manager. Did not offer any resolution and accused me of making the stain and ignored the rest of my complaints completely.  AVOID AVOID AVOID. These are some of the pictures that I took of the room.,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or50-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing little find in the heart of london,"Absolutely gorgeous little place. Stayed here 16th November as we were seeing magic mike. 10 mins walk from Leicester Square tube and Piccadilly. From here it’s only 4 stops to kings cross.  Easy check in, staff were really friendly. Checked in half hour before and no problems. Room was immaculate, clean and fresh smelling. Bathroom was lovely and shower hot. Breakfast was adequate but if you want a full English then you have to pay a £6.50 supplement.  Would stay here again and recommend definitely l. £127 for 2 of us in the heart of London. I’ll definitely be back and cannot recommend highly enough",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or50-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I booked this hotel on booking.com after completing over a12 hour shift in London. I am originally from Leeds so not familiar with the big city and it’s surroundings. I received a call from the hotel when I was about 5 minutes away, after receiving my confirmation email etc saying the room was booked, saying they made an error and there were no rooms available. They said there was a hotel about 10 minutes away but if I wanted to stay there then I had to rebook myself online into that hotel. Obviously not knowing where I am or where I’m going I had no idea what to do. Tired and hungry I just wanted a room to stay in but disgusted with this type of behaviour and level of customer service from a professional establishment I sent them an email to complain about the level of service…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or55-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel close to theatres,"We love the area that this hotel is in, it is very easy to get around in Soho and close to both Covent Garden and Theater District. Hotel staff is friendly and with a smile.  Rooms are small, but works for us as we are not much at the hotel. Our bed was really crooked and I had to stuff 4 pillows under the maddres to align it so that I would not fall out during the night. What unfortunately was worse was that in the bathroom the ventilation was kind of broken. Every 30 min it would make this whining long terrible sound. We tried to touch it, bang it, hold it, wait so that the lights went out so see if that made it stop - but nothing helped. We did not get much sleep the first night. In the morning we told the staff, and asked them to get someone to fix it, but maybe they…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or55-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean small rooms recently renovated.","We spent three nights in here in September 2018 over a weekend. I want to write this review because I disagree with many of the existing ones.  Main points for selecting the hotel were 24/7 front desk and the location. We were greeted by polite staff and everything went well. We checked in around midnight.   The hotel was going through some renovations still, for example the new elevator was still wrapped in plastic. We used the other elevator. The rooms are very small or at least ours was. If this is an issue for you I would not recommend this hotel. We just showered and slept there and had no issues with cleanliness or noise from the street. Completely fine for me.  The breakfast is pretty simple toast and tea/coffee and some cereal but there are many places within 100 meters…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or55-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","An ok hotel, centrally located","I’ve just arrived home after an overnight stay at The Cheshire. I was petrified after reading the reviews that my birthday night away was going to be a total nightmare! So here’s the truth...   On arrival, I did notice some boarding panels and metal behind some railings to the side of the property which could do with getting rid of to make the intial impression slightly better. The receptionist was polite.   Myself and my partner got to the hotel just after 11am and asked to keep our case there until check in time so that we could get out and about to explore the city. We were told we could however initially after the receptionist asked us to wait so he could check if any rooms were ready. Within a minute, the receptionist was back and informed us they had a double room ready…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or55-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Appauling,"We recently booked our London stay here through hotels.com. We booked it in July and our stay was in October. We travelled to London that day and had lots of sight seeing and a show to take in, so when we went to check in a bit later on in the night we were told our room had gone. No one had tried to contact us to see when we would arrive. They just tried to take the payment and took it upon themselves to cancel the room and obviously gave it away to somebody else. This is appauling and ruined what was supposed to be a nice weekend. We were offered a hotel that was not very nice at all so we declined then had to pay £120 for a taxi to a friends house. I would not recommend using this hotel at all.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or55-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The secret of my succes meets Big Bang Theory,"This ""hotel"" is centered in the heart of London, which seems great. However, if, when checking in, the fire alarm goes off and the receptionist (who walked in with us while he was smoking just outside) doesn't know how to shut it off or why it goes off you should make like a tree and leave... My room was on the 4th floor, no problem if it wasn't for the broken elevator. My travel compagnon's room was in the basement: decrease of stairs, increase of risk. His emergency exit was fully blocked by garbage. Sweating like a heroine addict I arrived at my floor, and assumed that everybody on that floow was watching his tv, volume up and with their doors open. It was not the case, all doors were shut. I entered my room, which was so small I could almost turn on the shower with my toes…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or60-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Would not return,"Myself, a friend and her daughter stayed here for one night. Although the room was relatively  as pictured, there was electrical tape covering wires above the door, a cracked window and a non painted doorframe, making us wonder whether our room was even finished. The journey up to the room was however much worse. The carpet had been ripped up, holes in the walls patched with plaster. The carpets that were still there were rippled, torn and frayed at the edges. The cleaning cart was left in the corridor covered over with a bed sheet. The street outside was incredibly noisy all night and the inclusive breakfast was toast or cereal. Would not return to this hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or60-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, comfortable bed, quiet room.",I booked through Booking.com and then read the TripAdvisor reviews and freaked out because they were bad. I tried to cancel my booking because of these reviews but it was 100% cancellation fee so I figured I would just arrive and if it was terrible then I would leave.  I'm glad I couldn't cancel because everything was absolutely fine.  My room had a double bed and tv and for a London hotel room was spacious enough. The bathroom had a bathtub with a shower in it and it was all fairly new looking.  Everything was clean and it was very quiet.  I was on level 2.    The staff were friendly enough but no more than necessary and I can't comment about breakfast because I didn't book it or bother to look for it in the hotel.  This is a really good hotel if you're wanting to get out and…,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or60-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Location ONLY,"stayed there for 1 night on the 29th of September because the hotel we were staying the previous nights with my friend didn't have any availability for Saturday night. check in was  at 3 in the afternoon. To begin with, this hotel is not accessible whatsoever for people on wheelchairs. The hotel staff are not rude but don't really care either. my friend and i walked into the hotel carrying 2 suitcases each and did not offer us any help.   our room was in the basement, was tiny and had no window to the extend that it made me feel claustrophobic. The room was clean at least with a T.V inside. 5 minutes in the room we realized that the rooms have zero soundproof and we could here the people in the next room and the cleaners talking at the end of the corridor.   We didn't  get a…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or60-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible place, service and breakfast ","The location is good but that’s about everything that is good with this place. Stayed here for a week for work.   The rooms are very small, not at all like in the pictures. In the room there was no iron (as promised), I was promised a room with “a city view” - I got a room at the ground floor above a kitchen, towards a backstreet of London, smelling like curry in the evenings. The tv remote didn’t work, there was a lot of dust hanging from the tv and the bed light (which didn’t work either). Only the ceiling light worked. In the bathroom there was cables hanging from the wall, no mirror above the sink.   The breakfast only had toast, marmalade, coffee and cereal with milk. I’m used to having at least some other kind of bread (or a scone since I’m in London!!!) with ham and…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or60-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Book here if you don't mind sleeping on the street!,"I did not stay at The Cheshire Hotel because they failed to honour my booking, phoning me very late at night when it was far too late to find any alternative accommodation. I would suggest that this tells you all you need to know about the attitude of the management towards their guests. I note that many others on this website who did actually manage to stay at the hotel did not enjoy the experience. It does not surprise me!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or65-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room good location,Stayed here for one night to go to a showing of The Room at Prince Charles Cinema. Location is great. Get to Tottenham Court Road tube station and the hotel is a short walk from here.  Our room was small but this is very typical in London. It was beautifully decorated and very comfortable.  Breakfast was a bit strange. We got toast and coffee and there was cereal out. We were there for about half an hour and nothing else came out. I didn't know if we were expecting anything else or not so we just left. It was a bit confusing.   We have booked again for another trip later in the year.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or65-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Lovely,"The hotel was brilliant, even though they are clearly doing some renovations throughout the hotel our room was beautiful and finished to a high standard. The staff were polite and very helpful, however the breakfast could have been a little better. For the location and price it was exactly what we expected. They even stored our bags for us so that we could explore London City for the day after we had checked out. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone who is staying in the area.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or65-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Clean room, good location","Stayed for 2 nights with friends. Clean room, comfy beds. Spacious bathroom with shower & bath. Good location 2 mins walk to Tottenham court road tube station. Lift is small and slow but there are stairs if you prefer. No issues with this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or65-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre district,"Pleasant hotel close to Dominion theatre and British Museum. It’s an old building but clean. The lift is a bit claustrophobic but there are stairs. The rickshaws park in the opposite multi-storey car park and did create some noise during the night, but not the fault of the hotel. I had some difficulty closing the window. Lovely little restaurant for breakfast. No other meals served but I recommend VQ a couple of doors down serving 24 hours. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or65-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Miss Andrews and 2 Friends,l would not recommend this hotel as we was put down in the basement and found it very small for 3 women and it was disgusting Mildue around the bath and you had to lift door to close it reporting this hotel to Trading Standards London,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or70-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel,"Me and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel as we were seeing a show.  We were only staying for one night and based on location and the photos on booking.com we booked The Cheshire Hotel. We were early to check in and asked about baggage storage. No option to store bags besides leaving them in the reception area.  When we came back later we were assigned a room on the fourth floor. The stairs were shabby - some with carpet, and others had concrete. The room itself was very dated, water stains on the walls, very small, no air-con.  We used the lift once and physically had to open it ourselves to get out as it got stuck.  Breakfast was the option of some cereal or toast: Besides the location I wouldn’t recommend this hotel. The photos on booking.com aren’t anything like the room we…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or70-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",LE PIRE HOTEL,"First , worth hotel ever !!!! Unbelieveably disapointed Can't believe i spent £95 on this scam Kelloggs only for ""all included breakfast""?! . You should feel ashamed of yourselves. Only a fan no air conditioning Unacceptable service/staff/accomodation  ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or70-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing!,"My daughter and I booked this hotel for a special family trip. On arrival the foyer was small and basic but okay. However, the rest was awful. No lift working... we were on 5th floor... took stairs... threadbare or no carpet... to a tiny dusty room barely big enough for the bed let aline luggage. The bathroom had been recently retiled but the shower ran directly into the floor meaning we had to hold the shower head to prevent flooding through an inadequate curtain. Obviously the premises are undergoing an upgrade decoratively. The breakfast was a joke. For the money the whole place was a joke. A disgrace.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or70-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disapointed !!!!,"The price was too big.  The furniture was broken and old.  The size of the room was to small.  The lift was broken.  The staff was not helpfull.  The breakfast  was ridiculious.  The location is very good - 15 min walk to Trafalgar , 10 min walk to British Museum , 10 min walk to Covent Garden area.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or70-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Room had not been prepared,"I stayed in Cheshire Hotel for 2 nights. I arrived midday, but it was too early to check-in, so I left my luggage. This was kept openly for everyone in the lobby. I returned late at night, they kept me waiting for some minutes and then I got a room in the basement. The bed was made but the bed sheets all dirty, so apparently it had only be cleaned up for a guest to return and not for a new guest. The room was very small, and in the room there was a big dirty spot on the carpet. Although there is a TV screen, I couldn't find a remote control. I didn't try the breakfast. For an average of 188 GBP a night I was very disappointed and cannot recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or75-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Business visit to London,"Please don’t stay at the Cheshire Hotel on Great Russell Road if you are visiting London. I needed a short term stay for a few nights, found them on the internet and phoned. It sounded ideal, and well situated. The reality was different. Check in was fine, but we had to wait until 3pm to use the rooms, even though it was obvious that they were ready. Paint peeling, semi-renovated fittings, plugs that didn’t work, aircon broken (in a London heatwave) and a slow lift that didn’t go to the top floor. The WiFi in the rooms packed up and couldn’t be fixed. The front desk was very friendly but couldn’t help.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or75-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disillusioned and conned,"I booked a single room at this place thru Hotels.com for a one-night B&B stay on a business trip to London and was charged £143.46. I arrived at 3.20pm on a flaming hot afternoon to be advised ""We had a problem with your booking. We're sending you to another hotel and have upgraded your booking to a double room.""  I asked if this was at the same rate to be told ""Yes."" They then arranged for and paid the taxi. No offer of refreshments, despite the fact that I was clearly hot and sweating profusely. The taxi arrived and took me to the Royal National Hotel nearby.  The room there was excellent (see review) but I thought I'd check and see what the going rate was for this hotel that night; to discover it was £89.00pppn. By my reckoning that's £54.46 cheaper. Is that how 'upgrades'…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or75-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Better Than I Thought It Was Going To Be,"I stayed hereon Saturday night at the end of June. The first thing to say is that the location is fantastic...just around the corner from Tottenham Court Station and 5 mins from Covent Garden.  My room was a double on the ground floor. It looked like it had recently been tarted up and was acceptable, if a little rough around the edges. The bed was comfortable and I slept well.  The 'basic' breakfast was exactly that...tea and toast served by a very slow and clearly not especially happy waitress. Had I been shown a menu, I would've paid for a better breakfast (which was available and quite good according to the kind gentleman who offered to share his table with me).  All in all, it was fine for 1 night.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or75-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful. Avoid at all costs.,"Room was nothing like the images shown on booking.com! The only positive to this hotel is the location. The room was unclean, half the carpet had been ripped up and a spring sticking out the mattress! After going out for the evening and returning to our room around 12am, myself and my partner were ready to go to bed. Only problem none of the lights would switch on, we had to use the torches on our phones to help us see what we were doing! We checked out in the morning, weren’t asked how our stay was etc... I normally I hate to complain but some of these things had to be said! I told the guy about the spring in the mattress and the lights not working, he really couldn’t care less. I really am appalled by this hotel and how they can charge for people to stay in the rooms that they…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or75-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",What a pleasant surprise 😊,"After reading the reviews on this hotel . Me and my sister were worried to say the least . But after arriving we were checked in to a room on the 5 th floor by a friendly receptionist . We made our way up to our room lift was fine , our room was quiet nice , very clean plenty of toiletries and towels . They supply fans which was fab for a hot night we would definitely stay here again thank you for a lovely break",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or80-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid Hotel,"My mum booked a night at this hotel (this week) without any knowledge of what she had chosen. On arriving at the hotel it was apparent from the moment you walked inside that it was shabby. We took the lift, which looked like something you would find in a car park (Scratched and bashed and very rickety) to the third floor. The first thing I saw was the threadbare carpet and poor decor and new great things did not await us. On opening the door we found our twin bedroom was tiny, hot, poor decor and with small flies. This together with the general feel of the hotel made me not want to stay here for the night.   I said to the receptionist that we did not want to stay as the room was very shabby. She said we could look at another but I asked for a refund. She called her manager who…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or80-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"We were very disappointed with this hotel. When we checked in, we weren’t told about the refurbishment to the building, we weren’t told about the timing of breakfast, there were no information in the room about the hotel. Our room was very small, in comparison to the photos on their website. The waitress at breakfast was very moody and abrupt, we waited a while to be seated. Instead of getting butter, jam and milk from the kitchen, she took things from other tables.  We are due to go to London in September, we booked this hotel before we went, but now I will be cancelling the booking.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or80-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Fab location,"Cheshire hotel is a small hotel with s friendly staff. The location is just great, a few metres from Oxford Street,though it is situated in a quiet street. The Tube is 2minutes away, Tottenham Court Station. It is easy to get there from Liverpool Street Station if you come by plane to Stansted. Primark is 1min away. We had a refurbished room on the 1st floor. The breakfast was simple, but quite ok.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or80-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this one!,"The pictures on-line are deceitful.   Our room was about 10' x 10' if that.  No where to even put luggage to open except on the bed.  We left after the first night.  They would not give a refund even though the attendant said he would call the manager.  We never heard from anyone.   Do not pay in advance until you look at the actual rooms.   We did not see any dining room as pictured.  There was no ice machine anywhere.   The elevator is about  3' by 3'.   We booked  it because it was close to everything we wanted to see.  However, after being in London for ten days we found that everything is very accessible and quick to get to wit the Tube.  Th price was also around 200 lbs. and the room was worth about 50. if even that.  It was loud outside all night  due to traffic and…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or80-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London", Cheshire Hotel,"Read some ordinary reviews but pleasantly surprised. Renovations are in progress. Our room whilst small which is normal for a budget hotel in Europe,  was very good for a budget hotel. Excellent beds, very clean and a great location. Close to Tube station but easy to walk to the West End Theatres. Friendly reception. Would use again for sure.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or85-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant stay in a clean ‘no-frills’-hotel.,"I booked my single room at the Cheshire a few months ago due to its proximity to Oxford Street. When I checked the reviews prior to travelling I was alarmed to say the least! As other reviews stated, refurbishment is ongoing.  In reality I had a very pleasant stay and found information from the reviews useful as my expectations were not high. The lady who checked me in was friendly and efficient.  My single room was indeed compact, but was spotlessly clean and TV/kettle/WiFi all worked perfectly. My bathroom was newly refurbished and had a shower only, but the water was hot and there were no issues with water pressure/flooding floors.   I did get woken up by other residents opening and shutting their doors that night, but this is to be expected in a hotel in its location. I…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or85-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for one or two nights,"I was so sceptical about coming here after reading all the reviews on here after I’d booked and I was dreading what I was coming to. But honestly it wasn’t that bad! Lovely woman on reception greeted us, we went upstairs to our double room it was small but we only did stay for one night so it didn’t matter to us because we were only using it to sleep in, but the bathroom was beautiful and the room was clean and in a good condition. It did get hot, but they provided a large fan in the wardrobe. Had such a good nights sleep on a very comfy king sized bed, there was a lot of noise but that’s what you get for central London, luckily me and my boyfriend as both really heavy sleepers so it didn’t matter to us. Overall it was a good stay! People are being far too harsh on here. It’s…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or85-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful ,"We stayed in the Cheshire hotel for just one night. We will not be staying or recommending to anyone.   The receptionist wore a short denim skirt and was very casual which I was surprised at. The hotel is very dated and needs a lot of TLC.   The shower was impossible to use as it just soaked the wall and the floor. You had to hold it to shower.   The breakfast that was included was  basic continental which was only cereal and toast. Yet on the table was yogurt, fruit plus full English yet none of this was offered. When you are paying £139 for a room that includes breakfast you expect more than cereal and toast. There were no provisions for my husband who is gluten free. This should now be standard practice. I am in the catering industry so I know what I am talking about.…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or85-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Enjoyed my stay here. Close to all the Theatre’s, but also close enough to walk to the Thames if you are up for it. My single room was a bit cramped, but this is Central London and expected. Staff were very friendly and I left my luggage in the lounge for the day without problems before I could check in. The room had everything I needed, including fan, kettle and toiletries in bathroom. Continental Breakfast was great, more than I expected. Very helpful lady. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or85-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not good!,"We were on the top floor. The lift wasn’t working properly so we had to walk upstairs with our cases - no offer of help. The carpets on the stairway were threadbare or in some cases non existent!    The room - bathroom was clean and modern with toiletries provided. The bedroom was small as you’d expect in London, the furniture was old however the room was equipped with hairdryer, iron and ironing board.   Breakfast - “basic” breakfast was provided - this was cereal and toast. Continental and cooked was extra however you have to have a full breakfast - we were prepared to pay the extra for poached eggs on toast however we were told that wasn’t possible and we’d have to have a full breakfast so we didn’t bother!  There was no safety info in the room. No one told us about checkout…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or90-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID!!!,Non existent customer service (especially the waitress at breakfast)!  The room was really small and we will definitely not be staying there again! The only good thing that I can say about the hotel is that it is in a good location.,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or90-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't recomend,I spent last night (18th may) with my daughter we went to London to do some sightseeing and shopping. I choose the Cheshire hotel as it was a good location and reasonable price. I didn't think to check TripAdvisor  BIG MISTAKE where to start we arrived early and just dropped our bags of as we had a busy day planed we returned at 3.15 to check into our room and drop some shopping off we were given our key told our room number and that was it no information about times and place breakfast was served so off we went to our room climbing two flights of stairs as the lift wasnt working. There was no carpet on one of the flights of stairs I understand hotels  have work carried out but it would have been nice to be informed of this. The room its self was ok we were only staying one…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or90-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs unless you are desperate for the location,"Booked without reading the reviews as it came recommended on Booking.com. What a mistake!!!   We arrived to a very unfriendly Asian lady on reception who was very rude, told us breakfast was tea and coffee with toast or we would need to pay extra although it was supposed to be included!   I had to provide my passport which she took a copy of. I asked why and expressed concerns about GDPR. She ignored this and said we will destroy it when you leave.   The room had no luxury, there were dirty marks on the carpets, the room was full of dust and there were not sufficient tea & coffee facilities. The bathroom was too small, it was dangerous getting into the bath, the light was broken, no storage facilities and no luxury at all.   The hotel was not clean, it was unsafe and unfinished…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or90-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Wish we had read bad reviews before staying here,Hotel is poor - room basic and very small. Some rooms under ground and awful dark. Not enough tables for breakfast so didn’t bother Pillows make sleep even worse Unfriendly atmosphere Location great but lots of others to choose,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or90-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Unwelcoming and terrible sleep! ,We arrived at midday and were told we couldn’t check in so we asked if it was possible to use the toilet and just get changed somewhere and were also told no! The room was g10 in the basement and quite frankly was like sleeping in a cupboard in the kitchen! You heard every part of breakfast being prepared! Tv and WiFi didn’t work in the room and I felt unsafe as the room walls are just partitions!! Bedding and carpet also stained! Great location but nothing else going for it! ,Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or95-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing!,"The man on reception was not at all welcoming.  He told us the room would be ready at 3.00 pm and we could leave our bags.  He failed to tell us the lifts did not work so when we returned we had to use the back stairs which were quite frankly a health and safety nightmare.  Worn carpet to the point of being a trip hazard, lights not working properly after first floor.  Then when we got to the room it was still not ready.  There were some positives: The room was small but Ok.  The location was perfect for Theatres.    This hotel could do a lot better!",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or95-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible place in very good location,"Very good location in center of London .  But ... very small rooms , a lot of noise comes from the street , dirt everywhere , carpets and walls need renovation , elevator does not work properly so imagine going on 4th floor with luggage . They offer breakfast in price but  - breakfast room has only a few tables so there is need to wait . Offered breakfast is only continenal with  minimal content , for the rest you have to pay extra  .  Never again",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or95-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,"Wow I thought I had seen some awful hotels in my time but this tops them all. Brilliant location but other than that horrendous. The lifts don’t work, the hotel room I was in was freezing, building work in  some of rooms and tools just left everywhere, no bar, nowhere to sit and relax. Carpets in the hallways are full of holes and badly worn. The bathroom was full of mould, the toilet seat wasn’t even attached to the toilet and I nearly broke my neck when I went to the bathroom. The shower was non existent and was a trickle of water. Damp on the ceilings everywhere. Now I am not one to complain but this is the pits. Do not waste your money coming here this one is coming off the list of hotels to stay in whilst on business with my company - horrendous! ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or95-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Stayed for one night at Cheshire hotel, room was lovely, furnishings were also nice, clean and bright bathroom. Was quite small but we only slept in the room so wasn’t an issue. Breakfast was nice, was only one girl serving so drinks took a while but wasn’t a problem. Was local to all the shops and train station was only 1 min walk away, would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or95-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend,"Arriving after  4pm I was told my room was not ready and I would have to wait. I wasn’t offered any refreshment. The room itself had recently been ‘refurbished’ but very very poorly planned. Very cramped, electrical wires still hanging out of wall, electric socket near the ceiling, no mirror in room and nowhere to plug hairdryer in the bathroom. The bed alrhough comfortable  was far too big for the room and difficult to navigate around. One of the bedside lamps not working and switches behind the headboard. The bathroom had no space for own toiletries and not having a non slip mat in bath I am very concerned someone could slip whilst showering ( over the bath shower) Building materials stacked outside room in corridor and bags of building cement and rubble etc outside window. My…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or100-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A Hostel NOT a Hotel,"Booked this hotel on line around 4 weeks before stay.  We needed a family room as we were taking our teen daughter to a theatre close by.  Our train was cancelled due to snow so decided to drive (what a good call that was in hindsight).  After a 5 hour drive parked opposite (£45 for 24 hours!) we only had an hour before our show started so wanted to check in and head straight out.  Rude male receptionist asked if we had reservation, I gave him our name, he couldn’t find booking, he asked me if I might have booked it under a different name? I produced our printed confirmation without which I think he’d have just turned us away, Then with no apology or niceties just told us to sit while he investigates.  Whilst we were waiting, 2 young German girls arrived and approached the…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or100-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Near to no sleep ,"Stayed here on the 23rd of February for one night and it was possibly the worst nights sleep I've ever had at a hotel. To start things off we got back to our room, which was below ground level, about 11pm. We turned off the lights about 12am and tried to head to sleep. Our next door neighbour decided this would be a perfect time to start shouting and laughing in the hallway outside our very thin door. Then they decided to start mucking around with all the doors and attempted to get into our room but stopped once they finally realised that their key card wouldn't let them in. Finally they went into their room and put on the tv on what sounded like the highest volume, or it was the very thin walls. So we tried to go to sleep even with someone else's tv on that we could hear word…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or100-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Construction Site!,"Sorry but was very disappointed that myself and my partner were put on a floor where rooms were being gutted! The corridor was dirty and dusty with tools all other the floor.... erm health hazard and why would that floor be open to public???? I know why it’s because people dnt care about running a business properly or have any integrity, so long as they get money! As soon as I heard a drill going off I went straight down to reception and demanded another room! The member of staff was not most gracious and tried to argue that there was no construction going on up there; I must have been lying but I assure you there was! Would not rush back if ever at all!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or100-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for the short stay,This hotel is absolutely perfect for the short stay holiday. We used it for two nights away for the theatre and it was ideal! Breakfast good value. Room was small but didn’t need any bigger for length of time we were there. ,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or100-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Booked a room and was stranded as they gave it away,I visited the Hotel in the morning at 11.30am to confirm my booking as I was not able to book in until 9.00pm. When I arrived back at 9.00pm they had given my room away and did not have any alternative so I was without a hotel in London. Since they failed to honour my room booking they have not responded to my emails since.,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or105-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay,Stayed here for night to go to theatre. Great location for theatres and right next to TCR tube station so ideal to get around London. Room was clean and aesthetically pleasing. Picked hotel for location and fact provided full breakfast. However when we went to breakfast we were told we only had the basic breakfast and you have to pay extra for cooked breakfast. I felt this was misleading and other customers felt the same. It was booked on booking.com and it said full breakfast option. Even though the hotel was one of the cheaper options it was still quite expensive. I felt the hotel is old and needs maintenance. The shower in the room had no screen or curtain so water just spilled everywhere. The room was really small you could hardly move luckily we are small but a bigger…,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or105-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",better than expected,After reading some of the reviews was really concerned about staying here but our experience was fine No issues at check in and found the staff to be very helpful We had a basement room that had more than enough room for one night's stay and really comfortable bed and hardly any noise Doubt that for the money you would find a better location for both the theatre and shopping in Oxford St,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or105-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"I Booked this hotel for 1 week in December as I was on a course in London, when the venue of my course changed to the opposite side of the city, I cancelled this reservation & received a confirmation saying I had adhered to the t&cs & did not have to pay for the cancellation, Imagine my surprise then when booking into the alternative hotel, & my company credit card had maxed out meaning I had to pay the remaining £600 from my own account, I later found out that the reason for my card not having sufficient credit was due to the Cheshire still processing over £700 for the initial booking, I was unable to get the money back from my company until weeks later due to the xmas holidays, This could have been avoided if my numerous attempts to contact somebody in charge at the hotel to…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or105-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing ,"We booked this hotel as it was close to the Theatre we had booked. We arrived about 15:30 and a very sullen receptionist booked as in to our room. We went up to find someone else's clothes and luggage in the room, bit of a worry from a security point of view. We went down to reception to be told to wait, then was told apparently someone else has been checked into our room but they could offer us an unrefurbished room on the 4th floor. This room was horrible and smelt of damp so we refused it on our return to reception. The receptionist eventually got hold of a manager and explained on the phone that a guest had arrived that morning been checked into the room on the 4th floor, rejected it and then been put in our room on the 2nd, we overheard this conversation clearly and I guess…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or105-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in london at the Cheshire hotel,"We came to London and stay in the Cheshire hotel on st Russell st. The staff were more than helpful, the room was small but big enough for my wife and I, breakfast was lovely and cooked fresh when we ordered it.  The Cheshire is close to most theatre's, with only 5 to minutes from convent garden etc. We had a great weekend",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or110-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"Nice place, good value. Great central location.  Rooms small, though ideal for a short stay, bathroom very clean, great powerful shower. We had a window that faced a wall, though the hotel can do noting about the buildings next door. Likewise, can be a little noisey from traffic outside, again in such a central location the hotel cannot change this.  Wifi offered, though keeps disconnecting.   Lots of reviews complain about breakfast. If you have read the reviews, then upgrade and pay for full breakfast (yes the hotel could make this clearer)  Full breakfast was great, very tasty and lots of it.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or110-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",I've stayed in worse places...,"There was no safe place for us to leave our bags, we were told to leave them in the reception area with no guarantees. The corridor is tiny, two of us struggled to get into the lift with our bags and then I had a panic attack because the lift is an actual death trap. One was out of order, the other took us up to the second floor but the door didn't open, my boyfriend opened it and we were facing a wall... it went back down to the ground floor and wouldn't open again, pressed second floor and we were between floors, I could see the second floor at eye level. When we finally got out of the lift we wouldn't go back in, we used the stairs for the rest of our stay. The room itself was clean, small but comfortable. The bed was nice and we slept okay. In the morning we were charged…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or110-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Basic 3 star ,"Not very disabled friendly, small corridors and lift tiny due to how old the building is, room was fine, upgraded to double “deluxe”  room. Building old and tired carpets frayed, some new renovations had been done to upgrade rooms not greatly though. Breakfast was confusing e.g. we did not want cooked breakfast just happy with continental which to me is cereal, cheese, ham, yoghurt ,pastries etc  not the Cheshire  it is not, to this hotel you get juice,tea, coffee, cereal and  toast and that’s their continental anything more and you would be charged £6.50, Bit of a let down we weren’t the only ones that was unhappy about this. Overall basic 3 star “if that” ok for nights stay. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or110-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go here! ,"This is by far the very worst hotel we have stopped in London. On arrival we got told there was no secure room for our luggage and to leave it in reception,by the Christmas tree but they would not guarantee it's safety.Then we were told there was a chance we would be moved to another hotel as the electricity was off on two floors. So for half a day we never knew where we were going to stop.Breakfast was a continental choice and we were very firmly told it was one glass of orange juice each cereal toast when we tried to get a yogurt the staff member snapped at us that it was not included in continental breakfast,by this time we bust out laughing because it was so bad it was funny.The only good points are location and the room was warm clean bedding and man on reception was polite…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or110-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The single worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"There is no point going over the issues, there are so many.  Filthy,freezing,smelly etc etc.....  It is an absolute death trap, if there is a fire you will not get out of this building.  The lifts do not work.  How this place is in business is a miracle.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or115-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A disgrace,"2 nights over a weekend in this shoddy and dirty hotel.  Staff unfriendly and they seemed to be embarrassed by the state of the place.  Complaints to the staff on our first night fell on deaf ears.  Carpet in our room was not laid it was placed there.  The bathroom was an utter disgrace, paint peeling off the walls and mould everywhere.  Drawers missing in the bureau.  Door lock broken. Door damaged.  Windows filthy.  No replenishment of bottled water or biscuits.  Broken towel rail.  The list could go on.  Apparently 'there are some refurbished rooms, but they are all booked'.  I presume then we stayed in a un-refurbished room - if so why did we pay full whack?",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or115-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn’t deserve the 1 stars but has things to improve.,So positives:  The staff were really helpful.  During the course of our stay we couldn’t find our room; locked ourselves out and needed to leave our bags.  The beds were really comfy - you can get a good night sleep here (see later for explanation of ‘can’).  The bathrooms and showers in particular were good.  You could get a nice hot shower rather than a luke warm one.   But sadly there are things that need to be improved.  For us the biggest disappointment that stops this getting a higher review was the noise.  The walls are not thick enough to cancel any noise.  We could hear conversations/laughter in other rooms.  But more importantly at 6:30am we were woken up by a door being opened by (we assume) the staff/cleaner getting ready for the morning shift.  Note to the owners: …,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or115-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here ,Terrible place I wouldn't even let my dog stay here. Rooms where bad no shower screen bed wash uncomfortable and the lift didn't work. new room where poorly finished. Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. ,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or115-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",KAN IKKE ANBEFALES - totally disgusting and bad hotel.,"The beds were too short, the furniture was worn and disgusting. There was dirt and mold and cracks everywhere. We found an excellent and cheaper hotel right next door ... would not sleep for a second at the Cheshire Hotel",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or115-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Second good experience at this hotel,"While I understand and was aware that many people have had bad experiences of the Cheshire, I can only comment on my own experiences, five years apart, which have both been positive. I was there for a week in September this year. My room was small but very comfortable, clean and well serviced. The lift worked every day and both TV and wifi functioned perfectly. Breakfast was adequate and staff were friendly and helpful. And of course the location superb. I would come back again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or120-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A real find ...... now.,"This place has been through an over haul - in July this year I think. We were going to London to see Matilda at the Cambridge theatre in Covent Garden, so location was the big seller for me. It was also one of the cheapest in the area....but could that be for a reason ??? I am glad to say that we came back to the midlands with all good memories of the Cheshire. We only stayed for one night, but....here goes the list....Friendly welcome, good booking in and to the room. Large enough for good sleep and movement (which is all you want in the heart of the west end - I mean you aren't spending hours awake sitting in it are you ?), Clean towels, free bottles of water, enough coffee/tea etc, ironing board/iron, hair dryer, tv that worked, good free wifi, clean and modern en suite,…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or120-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Why is this a three star hotel?,"This hotel has two things going for it.  Location and friendly staff.  Other than that it is ridiculous.  The elevator worked when it felt like it.  The rooms were dirty, showers did not work, the toilet was loose from the floor and air conditioning was non existent.  This hotel felt like it had been nice in the beginning of the last century, but since then nothing had been done with it and it was falling apart.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or120-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Never comming back,The elevator didn't worl so we had to use the stairs to get to our room (No help was suggested). Found the most tiny room that looked (and smelled) 70 years old. No safe in room. Not enough space for two people to stand at the same time. No air conditioning and couldn't take a shower due to very low water pressure. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. Near Oxford St. and just minutes from a tube station.,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or120-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Conveniently located but morning staff not friendly and showers don't work,Evening staff was friendly.  Morning staff was not.  Rooms are small and showers don't work.  No real luggage store.  You just put it in the lobby and anyone can take it.  Wifi is also very slow and unreliable.  Obviously a discount hotel.,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or120-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I cannot believe that a hotel in central London still has a license to operate with such appalling service!! Broken lift, No help to get your luggages up to fourth floor, worn carpet with holes and peeling plaster, decrepit furniture and disgusting toilets!!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or125-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",ABYSMAL - DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!,"This is the very worst of the worst hotels not just in London, England or even Europe but in the whole world. The staff will happily lie & cheat. The rooms can only be described as a shoebox and a very shabby shoebox at that. The beds are minute and not particularly comfortable and, having been bitten by goodness knows what, the cleanliness must be called into question. The communal areas are atrocious with threadbare carpet, crumbling and cracked plaster and an overpowering sense of neglect. One is left with an impression that this establishment is owned and staffed by those who have nothing but contempt for their guests. Please, please do not make the same mistake we did.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or125-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid ,"This hotel is awful it needs a total refit, the staff are not welcoming... the decor is very damaged and the carpets are very, very worn...  No food is served   Very cold hotel.  Avoid this hotel at all costs... ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or125-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for accommodation in a good location,"The designation of a ""Hotel"" implies decent accommodations. Don't expect much if you want to stay here maybe due to budget. Rooms are small, outdated and hard to like; wifi sucks. If you just want a very no-frills affordable place to sleep in a central location and roam London during the day, then this place will do. We had a terrible triple room on day 1. Luckily, we were able to transfer to a better room for the remainder of our stay.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or125-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cheshire hotel - Avoid,As a seasoned traveller it was extremely disappointing that when we arrived after a 20 hour flight at the hotel to find that they had given away our room when we had a confirmed in writing voucher from booking.com. They gave usa flimsy exscuse and we were forced to accept a hotel they found a few miles away from our chosen location. Booking. com paid the difference in fees but a poor start to our UK holiday. ,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or125-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Strong smell of MARIJUANA! Horrendous & Disappointing ,"My partner amd i arrived to the hotel before the 3pm check-in time, however our room was not yet ready which was what we expected. We hoped to put oir luggage into the luggage holding area which was detailed online, however the ""luggage holding area"" transpired to be the open seating area next to reception area to which we were expected to pay £5 for. We decided to keep our belongings in the car and continue with planned events.  Upon returning to the hotel after being out to see a show, the night receptionist could not locate or room key and had no knowledge of our booking with them. After some time he eventually gave is an electronic key card which failed to work 3 times; this was 3 times my partner and i had to go up to the 4th floor and back again. During this time there was…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or130-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"I stayed here for one night and it was a disaster. I turned up quite late as I had been working all evening. When I got there, they couldn't find my reservation. It turned out they'd given my room to someone else. After 30 minutes of waiting in the lobby I was given the key to a room in the basement. I went down there, opened the door and found someone already asleep in the bed!! After another wait they finally found me an unoccupied room. I shouldn't have bothered. Wallpaper coming away from the walls, a room door that looked as if it had been broken previously, which meant I didn't feel particularly safe all night and so had a very poor night's sleep. The only redeeming feature was it had free wifi.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or130-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Hurrendous hotel with rude staff  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ,Our experience with the chesire began around 2.15pm on Saturday afternoon. We walked in to be greeted by a rude male receptionist.   The lobby was overflowing with bags (stated as a luggage room on booking.com). There is nothing stopping another guest taking your bag. They charge for this service at particular times of the day even though the bags are not in a secure enviornment.   The lobby was over crowded with people wishing to check in. I had emailed the hotel previously as I was entitled to check in an hour early (if available due to being a booking.com genius member) and received an email saying that this could be arranged with the hotel however the receptionist knew nothing of this and stated check in was 3pm but that our room may be available earlier. We agreed to this…,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or130-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby & uncomfortable,Room tiny and very shabby. Bed uncomfortable. Broken door frame. Damaged carpet and furniture. Bathroom awful. Lift dodgy. Tried it once the walked 3 floors after that. Staff friendly & good free wifi - otherwise nothing going for this place.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or130-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't ever stay here!! ,"Arrived at the hotel walked into the reception and greeted by a friendly lady behind the desk, Who did not have a clue what she was doing took about 15 minutes to check in! We were given our room key and and set off to find our room. The lift was awful and only went to the second floor so you had to walk up the stairs to get to the third floor.   Walked into the room we had been given and it was awful: - smelt disgusting  - Dirty carpet  -broken draws -faulty plug socket - Damp mouldy Carpet  -window looking out onto a brick wall  - No air conditioning  We asked to change rooms as this wasn't at all acceptable we got told we could up grade for £15 extra per night.   We got into the second room which still wasn't good but better than the first:  -holes in the wall  - broken draws…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or130-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Basic hotel, nothing really stood out. Bathroom disgusting.","We weren't thrilled with our stay here. It's a very old and cramped building, and that wasn't a problem at all - on the day the lifts were out of order which was a pain but no real problem.  However, the bathroom was disgusting. The seals around the bath were mouldy and a massive eye sore - as was the mound/damp in the corner above the shower. Then we move on the shower - it was impossible to shower in it. Water trickled out at either boiling hot or freezing cold temperatures.   Other than that, the room was clean - more signs of damp above the window but not as much as the bathroom.   Granted you pay a premium for a hotel in the middle of London, but the condition of the room means we won't be going back again.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or135-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Nice getaway,"We stayed here overnight while on a theatre trip and river cruise. The location was spot on, the room was very clean & modern, not as large as some we have stayed in but still very nice. Would dtay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or135-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A newly refurbished hotel.,"We were greeted by a very polite manager and given a room which had been refurbished to a really good standard. The bedding and towels were still spotlessly white and the furniture, carpet and ensuite were new and very clean. There was a small leak from an upstairs room and as a result, the manager gave us our very satisfying breakfast free of charge. The hotel is a short walk from the British Museum and round the corner from the Dominion theatre where we enjoyed, 'An American in Paris'. We'll definitely stay at the Cheshire Hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or135-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go near it!,Arrived to be told that the 2 twin rooms we booked 4 months prior were not available and we were told to walk '8-10' minutes to their sister hotel The Bedford. The receptionist said they had tried to call us but we had missed the call as we did not hear the phone. I had already rung the hotel 5 days before to advise them that we would be a late check in. When one of my daughter's suggested they should supply a cab to get us to The Bedford Hotel the receptionist laughed and said we could walk quicker! This guy was not at all bothered that 3 women (1 who was 8 months pregnant!) were now expected to walk through London at 12.30am). It was too late and we were all too tired to argue and sit and wait for the receptionist to call us a cab so walked to the Bedford Hotel which actually…,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or135-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Proceed with utmost caution !!!,"We were just about to board our train at 8am Saturday morning, only to get a call from the Hotel and were told we could not stay due to a problem with lifts and lights !! We could cancel our booking or have to book another, but only on line . We arrived at the Hotel and were given another Hotels name . Whilst we were in the Cheshire's Lobby and 4 ladies came in and were told there was no info on their booing, even though they gag booking.com confirmation. They are left very much in their own. We informed them of the Hotel we booked . That night !  Surprise surprise there were rooms available at 3 times the price we were due to pay !! Seems like we were dumped due to them wanting to sell rooms at a higher price ! ( London Marathon weekend .. hmmmm!) It seems this is not the first…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or135-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Find a different hotel ,"4th floor room. (Lift didn't work for 5th floor).  Room was too small, hadn't been decorated for decades.  Paint and paper peeling - felt/looked damp.  Loads of hot water but didn't balance well with cold for shower - slightly burnt my feet.  Not even value for money -moved today to new hotel which is cheaper per night but of a superior standard.    Boycott this terrible hotel until the owner invests in it. ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or140-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",No hot water but still payed full price!,"I stayed at The Cheshire in march and had a lovely room 202 which was very pleasant and reasonably priced give its location.  I rebooked in April and stayed in a disgusting, old and dusty room 501.  After we paid we were told the 'water pressure was a little off' but an engineer had been called.  Up in the dust heights of room 501 the pressure didn't reach us enough to give even a dribble of hot water! Asked for a room change or discount and nothing- complimentary breakfast? No thank you!   Two totally opposite experiences, one resulting in me never visiting again. ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or140-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",TERRBILE! do not stay here,"Terrible. It's a 1 star not 3 star in my mind. Rooms were awful. The bath had black all around the seal. The hallways and stairs were a terrible state of disrepair. Did not feel happy to stay here. Shocking decor, ripped wallpaper and filthy carpets Requested a refund after just 30 minutes of arranging my stay, and after moving to a 2nd room! My second room was refurbished but still not to standard. No clothes hanger, let alone a wardrobe! Tiny room with a single bed squeezed in with a double to be sold as a triple. No room to swing a cat and the window looked onto a brick wall (basement) so you could see no daylight and it felt like a dungeon. Funny smell all through.... Lift not working so a climb up stairs and the higher you went the worse the decor and state of it all. Even…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or140-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Incompetent management, tiny rooms","What a crappy place. I had low expectations coming in, due to the poor reviews, and so was pleasantly surprised when my room had a working shower and appeared to be free of cockroaches (great start, huh?). The stay itself was uneventful, if uninspiring; tiny but clean room, good water pressure, standard breakfast.   The trouble started after I checked out. I was in town for business, and in order to submit my expense report for my trip, I needed an itemized receipt that shows the room charge vs. the taxes. This is completely standard and has never been an issue at any hotel I have ever stayed at, including in places like Burkina Faso and Mozambique.   I called Cheshire to ask for this receipt, and was asked to send an email request. I sent the email request, no response. I sent…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or140-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby and Dirty,"There are so many things wrong with this hotel its difficult to know where to start but will give it a go.   -Its dirty -The showers do not work properly.  -The heating does not work. -The lifts do not work. -The breakfast was a disgrace  My room was in the basement next to a generator room that keeps you awake all night, the cleaners office was next to my room as well so from 6am all you get is them talking loudly outside your room and slamming doors.  I advise anyone to give this hotel a very wide birth indeed.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or140-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Give this place the chance to show what they can do!,"Stayed here overnight for a theatre trip and LOVED it. Brilliant location for theatres, Covent Garden, galleries, shopping...a vast array of restaurants to choose from within a very short walking distance. The staff are lovely. All very friendly and keen to be helpful and welcoming. We had one of the refurbished rooms on the first floor and although not huge (this is London remember!) it was very nicely furnished and decorated. Comfortable too. Tea & coffee facilities included. No problem with wi-fi. The breakfast was served in a really attractive bright dining room with lovely linen and everything served attractively with great attention to detail. The English breakfast was perfection as was my omelette. I would urge anyone looking for a hotel within this area and budget to try…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or145-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE ,"I'm never one to write a review at all especially not a bad review, but I felt compelled to write a review so maybe the next person going to book this hotel will think twice !   We stayed in London for 3 nights at this hotel and the first few minutes we got there the guy had sent us up to a room that had people in it on the 2nd floor to make this worse the lifts were out of order & the stairs were blocked from construction so we were having to pull our luggage over this man working twice, they then sent us up to level 4 where our room was after a long day of travelling I just wanted to have shower... well the toilet didn't flush and the shower was either icy cold or burning hot   When we raised these issues with the manager he said 'what do you want me to do about it, I can't do…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or145-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing !,"My son and I stayed here for one night. We arrived late and there was a mix up with the room and we ended up with a small single and a small double room .We were ok with that but we were not ok with walking down to the basement for breakfast, as the lifts were not working. I suffer from arthritis and up and down stairs is a problem for me. The rooms were very clean and basic ,which again is fine as we were only there for one night. The hotel is situated not far from the tube and the busy hustle and bustle in the heart of London. The breakfast was lovely and everything was very clean. If you want a no frills hotel that does the job , I recommend the Cheshire hotel , as it's price reflects that. The hotel looks as though it is in the process of a refurb !! Not sure about that,but…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or145-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing hotel,"Stayed in this hotel for two nights in February 2017. Although staying on my own I booked and payed extra for a double room. The first night I was in a room G9 in the basement right next to the kitchen so it was very noisy in the morning once breakfast started. There was no hairdryer in the room so I asked for one at reception where I was informed that I had to move room because of the noise and the fact that the lift wasn't working??? They moved me to a single room on the ground floor claiming it was the only room available. I genuinely think they just moved me in order to get more money for the double room. The following morning when I went to shower I noticed that the heat setting was turned right up. I adjusted it, turned on the shower only to find that there wasn't any hot…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or145-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel likes to con its customers.,Arrived at the hotel an hour before we we had a reservation to eat elsewhere to be told at reception that the lifts had JUST broke down and because of that and 'problems' on the upper floors me and my 16 year old daughter would have to share a double bed despite me having booked a twin. Clearly having read other reviews here the lifts had been broken for longer than a few weeks. He then said that we could transfer to another hotel. At such late notice? How? I booked this a month in advance as a birthday treat for my daughter.He said he had been phoning to cancel people all afternoon which I don't believe as clearly the lifts not working and room problems are long running. Why hadn't he phoned everyone to cancel days before instead of waiting for people to turn up? He said we…,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or145-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Just too much is wrong,"I spent two nights here. I managed to sleep, wash and shower and eat, but it was far from being a comfortable and relaxing stay and I would not go back to the Cheshire. There is no such thing as the perfect hotel, especially at the cheaper end of the spectrum, and one accepts one or two shortcomings. With the Cheshire, there are just two many things wrong - some of which could be fixed relatively cheaply, even if the hotel needs some expensive, large-scale renovation.  The two lifts are both broken and need to be replaced (according to the staff) - sign #1 of long-term neglect of this hotel by the owners. Fancy walking up the stairs to your fifth floor room? I arrived in my room to find someone else's luggage in my room. There are no phones in the rooms, but luckily a member of…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or150-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Upgrading,My friend and I booked a twin room for one night at the Cheshire.  On arrival we met a very nice man who checked us in but let us know we had a double room - no big deal as we've been friends since kids.  We were then informed that we were on the third floor and that unfortunately the lift was out of order.  As we climbed the stairs we could tell that the first couple of floors had been upgraded.  The third floor was clearly still in the process of being upgraded as the new doors were on but the frames were bare (no plaster board).  Our room was small and basic but suitable for our stay.  There was only two tea bags and milk portions however the front of house replenished these both times we asked (we like a cuppa) which we were very appreciative of.    Now for one of the very…,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or150-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",ABSOLUTELY DIABOLICAL DO NOT STAY HERE !!!!!!,We walked in the door seemed to be ok we had to pay before we stayed or even saw the room. So where do I start well the lift doesn't work we were on the 5th floor !! So we got up there the walls and carpet get worse as u ascend then u come to the room brand new door but unfinished door frame ??? awful room dingy old dirty and in desperate need of renovation. The bathroom smelt like a public toilet the basin was cracked the bath seemed clean but the seal around the bath was mouldy the bath panel was cracked onto to the worst part which tipped me over the edge the hot water !!! It is so hot u could probably make a cup of tea with it my Mrs turned it on and almost scalded her hand but did still burn it a little luckily she isn't one for just jumping in the shower because it…,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or150-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",I recommend,Nice and clean. Free wifi. Breakfast not included. The location is perfect. The lift was in vain but they proposed to bring the luggage up to the bedroom. The employee at the welcome desk was very kind and explained how to go to my meeing and gave a nap. Great service.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or150-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,My wife and I stayed here for 1 night last weekend. It is by far the worst hotel room I have ever seen. After being given our key we were told we were on the 4th floor and the lifts were not working. I am waiting for a hip replacement but thought I would benefit from a traipse up the threadbare stairs. There was a new door in situ but the expanding foam was all round the edges looking awful. This was just the start. An iron burn in the filthy carpet greeted us. The bathroom was truly horrendous. It looked like they had used black sealant such was the extent of the mould. The mould where the bath meets the floor was approximately 1/2 inch thick. Disgusting.  I would have gone to complain but didn't fancy walking down 4 flights then back up 4 to show the ghastliness. I had a…,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or150-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful hotel.,"Terrible hotel, really just don't bother, scalding water from the shower, banging on the roof all night long, both lifts broken, dirty, really not worth the money. Complaining to reception about the shower and get the response that they are aware that it is broken.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or155-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",comfortable stay,"I have just had one night for weekend away to go to a show with my Daughters, I can only judge on our experience, which we had no problems. Very convenient for tube, Theatre was only 7 mins walk away and found lovely Italian Restaurant to dine in close buy, We arrived before check in and were able to leave our luggage to go and look around the area (no problem), The room was down stairs from Reception so we were really in the bacement  well lit and not dingy. The room had a 4ft double and single bed, with a small table between the beds, a unit with shelving in with an  Iron and Ironing board,also a luggage rack, shelving to put things on, there was no hanging space which would have been good but not a problem as were only there one night, a  big televison (which we didn't use)…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or155-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor at best,"Friendly staff, room small but clean, lift out of order....was on the 5th floor, carpets on stairs ""threadbare"" poor dim decor, noisy neighbours at 3am, wall sockets not working, glad it was for only one night.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or155-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse,"If you are considering this hotel, stop now and look elsewhere. It is dirty, shabby and horrid. No working lift for a 3rd floor room, shabby dirty carpets and wallpaper and a shower that didn't work properly. Room tiny. And then, just when I thought it couldn't get worse, I was woken by a MOUSE in my bedroom at 4am. I wouldn't let my dog sleep in this place. Go elsewhere. You have been warned.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or155-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Okay if location is important ,Stayed here for 3 nights whilst attending a course at The Thistle Holborn because it was +£200 cheaper.   Location wise it's perfect for accessing Oxford St and Regent St etc it's literally around the corner from Tottenham Court Road Station. I had a single room booked and arrived around 10pm. Check in was quick and formal but not exactly warm. I was advised when I arrived to take the stairs to the fifth (top) floor as the lift was out of order. No problem for me luckily as I am both relatively fit and wasn't carrying the largest of luggage. The stairs are definitely in a different state to the reception they could definitely do with being recarpeted! The room had a wall heater which was off but what looked like an electric heater was plugged in which kind of freaked me out as I…,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or155-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Place/ Hotel Basic,"Nice little Hotel in a perfect Place. But the Hotel need some renovation We were 3 people in a room, so it was quite small, but for a weekend in london is just the location important. There're a few diners near the hotels so there's no need for breakfast",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or160-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Smallest room ever and broken elevator,I was in London for a business trip and this was the only hotel which had the right price. Location was great but thats the only thing.  I had a single room which is the smallest I have ever staid in....  It was on the third floor and the elevator was broken. No help with the luggage. It was like half of the hotel was refurbished and half was in terrible shape. The shower was pretty nasty.  What was great was the WIFI which can be slow. But here it was super. Streaming films was no problems.  ,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or160-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended hotel.,"Lift is out of order, heating system does not operate properly, bathroom sink need to be renovated, Very weak wi-fi. Some of the receptionist not enough cooperative. The New digital key system does not work properly.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or160-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel basic but good location!,"Brilliant stay in the Cheshire hotel , if you want a basic stay and somewhere to just rest your head then the Cheshire is the place! Basic rooms although friends of ours stopped in a much nicer room than ours but we were not fussed due to the fact we only spent 1 night and also we spent most of the time out and about! Good location within walking distance of Leicester Square and various tube stations! Easy to get a taxi near by! Nice staff - let us store our bags until later after check out for £10 between 5 of us which was good! Recommended for all staying in London!   ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or160-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!!,"Where to start.... broken door frames, holes in walls (one covered with an A4 page and tape.. the A4 page was a previous guest's bill), mould, the smell (and not a good one), two broken elevators, miserable and run down 'lobby' area, broken TV in the room, very annoying bathroom sensor light, the extremely rude waitress at breakfast, the fact that all rooms (regardless of standard and size) are all the same extortionate price and the cleaning trolleys that are always kept in the tiny hallways.  Good things: location. That's about it... but I'd rather stay further outside london and get a much nicer hotel for probably the same price.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or160-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Our experience,After reading some bad reviews my sister and I were quite happy with our one night stay.It was very well situated for all we wanted to do. Front desk very polite room basic but clean. Seem to be replacing door surrounds. Quiet location and had a good nights sleep. For what we paid we were happy.,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or165-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","""House of Horrors""","This Review is based on what the Cheshire Hotel desired to provide us with, initially.  Our weekend stay at the Cheshire Hotel was not pleasant. I was responsible for the booking of three rooms for two nights (7 people).  Upon arrival at the hotel our attention was immediately drawn to the damaged sign over the hotel door. The small entrance lobby was extremely shabby, outdated, damaged steps, holes in the ground and damaged walls where pictures once hung. The lifts were out of order. The narrow, dimly-lit, stairwell from the first to the third floor had extremely worn carpets and damaged walls. An atmosphere of 'house of horrors' comes to mind. Cleaning appliances and materials are stored on the narrow corridors outside bedrooms, covered by a white bed sheet.  Only one key…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or165-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",One night at the Cheshire Hotel," Given the accommodations the value for money was not great. Also, my room was in the 4th floor and the elevator was not working, which was unfortunate. Friendly staff though, and the location is very good.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or165-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but great location ,"I stayed here for 5 nights when I was over in London on a work trip. After reading the reviews I was very worried the hotel would be horrendous but it wasn't as bad as I imagined! It is very basic and run down, paint coming off the walls etc however it was clean and the staff were friendly. The location is what you're paying for as it is super central - it's only a 15 minute walk to Oxford street & very close to Covent Garden! Breakfast was included but again it was basic & the wifi in the room didn't really work which was very inconvenient ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or165-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, avoid this hotel","I waited a week to write this review because I felt I needed time to get over all that went wrong...but I am still feeling the same. First of all, two elevators both non-working. Really?  So they put us on the 5th floor, the top level, farthest room down the hall. Imagine trying to lug up your bags 5 flights of stairs. We would hear people, from our room, once they reached the top, completely exhausted. Then there's the shower issue. Water spraying from the top of the nozzle out the side and all over the sink, toilet and anything else. I tried hard to fix this problem by adjusting the showerhead etc. but no success. To make shower issues worst, the water pressure was fine and temp also fine but then when you least expect it, freezing cold water would start shooting out. It was…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or165-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID - Worst Hotel I have stayed in.,On arrival the manager was extremely rude - if it wasn't New Year's Eve we would have walked at that point.   hotel should not be in operation - decor is terrible - lifts broken - seriously the whole set up was an absolute disgrace. Hotel should be closed down on the grounds of health and safety and hygiene.,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or170-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this place,"Avoid this hotel.  Holes in ceiling, no working TV, terrible noise, dreadful customer service.   We had booked a double room and only got a semi double room meant for one person not a couple. Double bed was next to wall so could only be accessed by one side and there was only one cup and glass. Tiny room which wasn't what we paid for!   There was a hole in the ceiling and was covered with a piece of paper when we complained.  The TV didn't work at all.  The noise in the basement rooms is terrible. Every time someone walks past the door rattles like it's going to open.   When we spoke to the receptionist about all the issues they couldn't care less",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or170-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Lunch,Visited with friends. Requested booth near window. Ambience really good.  Food was excellent we went for special offer 2 steaks and a bottle of wine. £20 Steak was cooked to perfection med/rare chips crisp vegatables perfect. Really good value. Wine was a decent brand.  Staff professional but extremely welcoming.  Added bonus train passed while we were there.  Definatly will be going again.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or170-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but unfriendly and no lift working,Room was small but comfortable. On 5th floor but the lift was not working. The staircase is also in a bad state of repair so wouldn't fancy doing this with luggage. Make receptionist was especially miserable and entirely unsuited to work like this. ,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or170-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DONT!!!!,"Booked through booking.com back in oct to stay on 03/12 on arrival I presented my booking confirmation to be told they were fully booked and that my booking meant nothing to them. Sent us to another hotel to find that was fully booked too. Went back to Cheshire hotel to say they are full and his attitude was unbelievable. Man on desk said it wasn't his problem and it wasn't his responsibility to find us another room. A man in the reception heard my argument and pulled me to one side he said he had booked the Cheshire hotel that morning and paid £330 for the room for one night. I'd booked in oct and paid 143£ so it's obvious they were giving rooms away for walk up people on a Saturday on people prepared to pay double. We were left in London with no hotel, missed our show and had…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or170-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful for the price,"My room smelled awful, someone had been smoking in. There was no desk while that was mentioned in the description. It was horribly cold and noisy. And the price was higher than the neighbouring four star chain hotel. Simply awful experience. Avoid this.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or175-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Old with some deficiencies,"Pros: --------- -Location is good in the heart of London -Calm -Clean, no bad odor -friendly staff -beds comfortable  Cons: --------- -I booked twice, a room in the ground floor was too small -Cold. In one of the rooms, the heater was not working and I had to use electric one. In the other, the heater is smaller than required. -No phone in the first room in the ground floor -No slippers -The elevator stopped in one night and they fix it but still feels unstable with noise and loud cracks. -There was a problem with the key cards. One of them opened another room too and sometimes struggles to open it.  ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or175-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Stay at the St Giles across the road,"Which I normally do, but it was full, so ended up here...alas.  Claimed a 3pm check-in.  Arrived at 3.15pm and despite them booting out guests at 10am, we had to wait until 3.45pm.  Not exactly a friendly welcome either.  The key was thrown at me when the phone rang.  However, I had it in my hand.  Next challenge, pick my way over laundry bags and vaccuum cleaners festooning the dingy basement corridor in which I eventually found my room.  No desk in the room...of course and low and behold the telly doesn't work.  I am sitting here now waiting for 'someone' to come and take a look.  It will never happen.  I console myself with the fact that I only have one more night here....then I can wave goodbye forever. This Cheshire cat certainly isn't smiling.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or175-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Complete shambles !,"Me and two friends stayed at the Cheshire hotel london, when we arrived we checked in and the guy gave us our key. He also explained that half of the electrics had blown in the hotel and some people had to be sent elsewhere ... we were told our room was ok. Anyway we went out into london came back at 3pm like we  were told went down to our room( as we had our key) when we got down to our room our room wasn't ready and we were told in a very rude manor 'to get back upstairs as we shouldn't have come down to our room without authorisation ' if that's the case then why did he give us our room key. When we got into our room finally at 3.20pm, the room was tiny. There was not enough room to swing a cat let alone sleep three women with suitcases , the third single bed was squeezed in…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or175-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,Arrived around 5pm. We were told that theres been some kind of emergency and weve been given a smaller room. Offered a room in another hotel 25 minutes away if we were not happy. Room was barely big enough for two of us to move. A 3/4 bed instead of a double. The curtain was stapled onto the window so had to stay shut. As we were seeing a show in an hour we didnt have enough time to move so accepted the room. The emergency had happened the day before yet no one took the initiative to phone us and let us know so we could have made the decision earlier. The Manager said he could not discount the room but offered us two full english breakfasts in the morning (we'd already booked this so gave us a £20 refund). I basically paid full price to sleep in a shoebox. Went down for…,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or175-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T GO IN THIS HOTEL,"The worst experience in my life, the room was small and dirty the door was broken, very cold. The price is not worth for what you pay, in another city the price would  be 30 euro for night not 140 pounds,  The receptionist was very rude, said that the check out was at 10am, only this hotel has this timing! If you want to store the baggage you must pay 5 pound!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or180-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Decent stay for a decent price near SOHO,"This place is easy to review.  Overall, the experience was pleasant, and nothing about the hotel other than the lack of A/C (which isn't a surprise as loads of places in the UK don't have it) really was bad at all.  It's close to a tube station, not a far walk from busy SOHO and Coventry Garden, and plenty of places nearby to explore.  We showed up earlier than expected and were checked-in quite nicely.  Informed our rooms were not ready (no issue for us) and that we could leave our bags in a small closet for safe keeping until we returned later in the day.  Also allowed us to check-in our other friends who had not arrived yet so they didn't have to wait.  Price-wise, we did book the second room pretty last minute, but ultimately, the pricing was what I would expect for a place…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or180-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad:,"We spent a weekend at the Cheshire hotel and we were extremely surprised with what greeted us. We booked the Cheshire hotel last minute then I went into trip advisor to read the reviews and tonne totally honest we were dreading it and thought we'd be looking for another hotel quickly.. we were checked in and given our room key, we were on the 1st floor, we called the lift and yes it did take a long time and yes a few creaks and groans but nothing major.. we opened up our door and to our amazement there was a very modern and clean room waiting for Us. There were only two plugs in the room which wasn't really an issue, everything was clean and very well Presented and may I add did have tea/coffee making facilities... I would stay here again as no real issues.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or180-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",APPALLING SERVICE & TREATMENT ~ AN ABSOLUTE MUST TO AVOID,"Well I wish I could give a first hand review of this hotel but I can’t  ~ because 29 minutes before the specified check in time of 3.00pm the Manager called me to say they were overbooked and didn’t actually have a room available. This wasn’t great news because I had deliberately booked this establishment because of its close proximity to the Novello theatre where I had also booked tickets to see ‘Mamma Mia’ as a surprise gift to two elderly aunts who were imminently due to arrive and register !. On arrival the manager (Imran) categorically assured my aunts he would organise alternative accommodation at a comparable quality hotel, ‘throw in breakfast’ and pay for a taxi to the replacement. Having been sent away twice when they returned the second time at 5.00 pm the Manager in…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or180-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Decent enough,Stayed here recently when in London to watch football.  The room was pretty expensive (but that might just be London prices). The room was quite small but the bed was really comfortable.  Breakfast was very enjoyable. I had an omlette cooked to order as well as a load of other lovely bits. The woman serving us was lovely - very friendly.   I'd stay here again as the location was convenient for Euston station and an early escape out of London. ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or180-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",COMFORTABLE  STAY AND VALUE FOR MONEY,"Excellent location ,staff are really fantastic with very friendly behavior . The rooms are comfortable,clean with adequate amenities. we had a great and pleasant stay.It was worth for the money we paid.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or185-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,This hotel is dirty unpleasant my room was dirty no tea/coffee in rooms toilet seat was broke light in the bathroom was broke lift was out of order small hotel carpet on the stairs is ripped and twice I nearly fell down the stairs never staying here again and too expensive for what is was only a sheet up against the window for a curtain,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or185-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",good location thats about it,"not very good starts with a dodgy lift one ride was enough so we used the stairs.We were on 4th floor, wifi good, room small but ok for a couple of nights no plug for bath, works being done outside of our window starting about 8am, no tea/coffee making facilities but was surprised that included was an iron and ironing board.Hotel needs total refurbishment looks really old wouldnt stay here again staff were ok",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or185-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","A comfortable stay in a budget hotel, comfy room newly refurbished, staff very friendly and helpful","Having had the misfortune of booking the hotel prior to seeing some awful reviews, I have to say I felt awful when we arrived, I was dreading what I might find and had back up hotel details in my handbag in case we required alternative accommodation.  My husband, daughter and I stayed in G10 a triple room in the basement. Upon opening the door I was relieved to see it was perfectly adequate and very clean. The beds were extremely comfortable and after a quick conversation with my husband we decided to stay. The next morning we went for breakfast (included in our deal) and I don't personally understand what all the bad reviews were about. The food and service was lovely and chef treated our daughter each morning with a different cake etc, she thought it was great.  In the room,…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or185-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Thank goodness for booking.com discount!,"Wish I'd seen these reviews before booking. The only good things about this hotel for me was the bed (which will depend on the room) and the location. Quite a scary lift ride up to the 5th floor, very shaky and slow. When we eventually arrived in the room it was tiny! The bed was lovely but it took up the entire room making it impossible to walk past each other. God knows why there is a desk as the only way to use it would be to sit on the bed. The ""master light"" switch took 30 minutes to switch on so was sitting in pitch black before I could get ready for the evening. Only one plug in the room worked, the other 2 were loose and my iphone charger kept falling out. No bath as stated on our booking confirmation or wifi. The bathroom sink leaked from underneath making the bathroom…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or185-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service ,"My colleague and I made our bookings seperately, I had made mine a couple of weeks before our stay. We arrived to check in at about 5.40pm to be told that I hadn't got an allocated room because the hotel was overbooked.  We were asked to wait in the very small reception area until the manager had finished his phone call which he was conducting in the lounge area on his laptop. He proceeded to completely ignore us for 15 mins even though we sat right by him. In the end the poor receptionist terribly embarrassed called another manager to find out whose room she could reallocate to me! The hotel is shabby the rooms are poor, very small, not well kept. My room in the basement was so small ! I did wonder how I would get out in the event of a fire there were no instructions at all…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or190-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",business trip,"Decided to try this as it was allegedly 4 star and supposedly included wi fi.  Turned out it was not included after all, nor any tea or coffee making facilities, those light bulbs which worked were very dim, and there was no curtain on the bathroom window so I could not take the risk of showering.  No English breakfast although the rate via our firm's travel agent supposedly included it, and coffee tasted of TCP when I had the continental.  Rackety and slow lifts, peeling paint and wallpaper, that said the waitress was lovely and clearly embarassed by the fact that English breakfast was not provided.  Can thoroughly recommend the Indian restaurant more or less next door.  The hotel is less than budget but this is not reflected in the price.  Truly appalling and would certainly…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or190-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not very good for £130 a night,Only one bedside light worked out of 3 lights in the room - TV didnt work. Door surrounds not finished - wood and filler visible. Lift felt archaic. Tired hotel. Plus breakfast included if you want a 2 croissant continental however coffee is £2.50 and a full monty is £12. Amazing!!,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or190-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,Probably the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in! Reception staff couldn't be bothered and barely said a word. Room absolutely stinking of damp and was filthy! Someone else had a key to my room and mistakenly walked in at 6am. Words can't express how terrible this hotel is.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or190-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cheshire Cat is laughing at us for staying there,"Guests are not welcomed on arrival with any interest or pleasantries. Staff at desk are nice enough but don't appreciate or understand customers' needs, requests or complaints. The attached photo is exposed wiring in one of the four rooms we were moved in and out of during our stay - as on arrival our booked twin room (months ago) was not available & while we had good (renovated) rooms the 1st night; the second room was uninhabitable. We forced another room change after much effort. The beds & furniture 2nd gabd rubbish, the curtain falling down & very old & grimy & dusty. The bathroom tiles falling off, handbasin didn't drain, mouldy ceiling, silicon sealant holding toilet to wall over an inch thick. Ugly & below health standards. No information about how to contact reception…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or190-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Even if they paid me.....,"I would never return to this hotel. It's run down, tired and the 5th floor room I had was beyond small. To charge £12.99 for 24 hrs of wi-fi is a joke in 2016 as was the shower tray that flooded the bathroom as the water couldn't drain away fast enough.  I couldn't fit in the bed without my feet hitting the end of the bed (I'm only 5' 11""). The lift is knackered, it appears to get stuck before the doors open and the breakfast I paid for was unavailable because of a problem in the kitchen. I saw the negative reviews on here before I booked but I thought it can't be that bad but trust me - it is! Nicely located but so are several other better hotels.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or195-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Not the best, but a great hideaway near the Soho","To tell the truth, I wasn't expecting much from them and that is because my last trip to London (in a 2* hotel...don't even understand how they got even those stars). So I had my bad experiences but upon arrival it seemed that this time it will be different. The place is not that big, the staff is rather introverted and they lack smiling...which I personally hate the most (an exception to the room-maid, who was very cute). So don't be surpised when you get a bored-face when checking in. We got the key, 5th floor (the last floor), room 505. Nice view on Great Russel street, tidy and clean little room, good for a 2-night-hideaway. Don't be fooled by the brossure on the table though: it says WIFI is not for free. They forget to tell you that it is free, and you can check the…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or195-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The worst I could possibly pick in the area ,"I stayed in for 3 nights this week on a business visit. At the time, some of the floors were being refurbished. After work, I came in for a rest but couldn't as the drills were constantly giving me headaches, instead decided just to wander around the area to clear my thoughts.  I occupied the 301a single room, which was very tiny and unclean.  The bathroom was the worst you could possibly imagine: extensive molds on ceiling and walls, the toilet basin was a wreck constantly losing water and extremely noisy.  Not to mention they had problems with the heating system, so couldn't get a decent shower in the last 1 and a half days I was there. Had to wait till I got home and endure 2 flights to enjoy a nice wash. It may be the high temperatures in London (31-32° C) been the reason to…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or195-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not the worst but could do better,"Room was small, but clean and tidy.  Looking at other reviews I have very low expectations. The hotel looks nice as you walk into reception.  The lifts are old and on one occasion had no lights, two other occasions I had to walk down the stairs, not a problem, but he place is a maze with no signs was confusing.   No kettle in the room. So no tea/ coffee.  Asked staff for kettle and ice bucket and wine glass, was just told no.   There are renovations taking place but I'm  think there are better places to stay in London.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or195-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!,Quite possibly the worst ever hotel. I was given a smaller room than I booked with a kettle shoved in the window no cups or drinks to make. Was given a cold disposable cup which was too dangerous to make a hot drink in not given milk but was given a filthy half used jar of coffee with a dirty spoon inside. The view was on a dungeon which some men kept visiting to collect mattresses from they then dragged them down the wall of our room at gone 9.30 at night followed by sweeping brick dust which filled the room chocking us. No evacuation notices or fire advice and the fire alarm was hanging off the wall(illegal ).Very rude argumentative man on the reception desk. Made promises to contact me regarding my complaints and did not so had to chase up several times. Appalling business…,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or195-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised  ,After reading some reviews I was slightly worried. But upon arrival was giving a key to a newly refurbished room which I cannot fault.  A major plus to this hotel other then the price was the location. Perfect for any one wanting to see a show in the west end. ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or200-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",“Worst experience in my life”,No breakfast included. Paid for a double room and got a single room. Saying to me Will get refund next morning. In the morning the staff was very rude and did not give me any refund. Even do breakfast they did not even offer breakfast for so many issues Room is the worst room I ever sleepy Not to be repeated in my life Hardly not recommend anyone to go this place,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or200-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","A place to crash, a bit damp... ","Visited for a business trip after first hotel choices in the area were fully booked. The room I had was small with a single ensuite. Room had no wifi and smelled of damp. Wall paper was coming off the walls. Half the carpet in the main room was wet for some reason. Too tired to question why, not sure if it was from own shower or somewhere else.   ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or200-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Rude staff intent on belittling and inconveniencing guests, filthy rooms, malfunctioning bathroom, including toilet, complete lack of wifi or internet despite advertisement to the contrary, noisy, and absurdly over-priced, even relative to London. Avoid.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or200-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",So bad it was funny,"Now I have to start off with a complement. I stay in a lot of hotels particularly in London and comparatively speaking the staff here are very pleasant.  Secondly, if you want to be near the East End of Oxford Street and your alternative accommodation is a cardboard box then give this a try.  Its neighbours are posh and Paul Merton (Have I got News for You) wandered into the Bloomsbury opposite on the night I was there. Were it not for the staff and the location this hotel would be a diabolical experience.  Having said that, as soon as I arrived I was handed a form to sign to say that I would pay a £200 fine if I was caught smoking in my room.  I don't smoke so I signed it willingly.  The hotel is all very small and claustrophobic and tired.  The lift is ancient and clatters and…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or200-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled our booking when we was 2 mins away!!!!,"STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!   We was just about to arrive at there hotel and they called to say that they didn't have our room or no other availability I was so shocked and upset this trip had been planned for months. We had to find another hotel it was so stressful, I then tried to find another hotel on booking.com and the Cheshire hotel had a double room available which was I think our room we had reserved, but at a price of £358!! Nearly triple the price I was paying. So I called the Cheshire hotel and told them that there is a room available and why can we not have that room as that's what I booked, they said we can if we are willing to pay the price of £358!. I have emailed the Cheshire hotel for an explanation but they have not responded. Stay away from this hotel it's…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or205-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Staff is very rude, unprepared and unhelpful. The building is very old and run-down. It was under renovation and this meant that they were unable to offer breakfast internally, they sent us in a sort of awful and dirty coffee bar beside. Wifi doesn’t work in the room. The worst thing is the following: at the check-out, they asked me 5 pound to leave luggage. I opened my eyes widely for the pretty unusual request… at that point, I was told that there was a kind of “promotion”: if I would have left a positive comment on tripadvisor, they would have kept my luggage for free... Strongly not recommended.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or205-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful experience from start to finish,"I picked this hate because I was a little late booking my 1 night stay in London. All my usual options were either full or very expensive. This one wasn't exactly cheap but it was not totally unreasonable (109 pounds without breakfast). The location was good for what I wanted (I prefer to walk if possible) and the website looked ok. When I got there, there was constant drilling and renovation noise which meant I basically had to shout to make myself heard at reception. My booking could initially not be found which was eventually blamed on my credit card having been declined when I booked (Given that I had no notification of this from my card issuer, the booking site or the hotel and the same card was then accepted, I'm not sure about this). I then had to wait for the room to be…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or205-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled,Received a phone call at 2.30 just as we were about to get a train to London for a gig to say that our room at this hotel was no longer available due to flooding! They offered an alternative hotel a distance away- very disappointed - a pattern here I think as there were still rooms available at a higher price on the site I booked the room on! Beware!  ,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or205-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",May cancel your booking with little to no notice,"Booked this hotel well in advance of our arrival date (1 night stay) and was called the morning we were due to check in, having already arrived in London, to be told the hotel has cancelled our booking, citing 'maintenance' problems with our room so it was no longer available.  Having read some reviews for the Cheshire Hotel, this appears to be a common theme and does not appear that they are cancelling them for legitimate reasons. Luckily we booked through Expedia so they were able to arrange a replacement hotel only a few minutes away for no extra cost.  If you are going to book this hotel, make sure you do it through a third party like Expedia as if they do cancel your booking, you will at least be able to get an alternative.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or205-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Complete disappointment,"I booked this hotel 2 months in advance but at check in I was told that I could not have the triple room I had booked. We ended up staying in separate rooms, one had been refurbished and the other not. Neither rooms had the facilities available as stated on the website (no tea/coffee making facilities, no hairdryer, no tv, no hanging rail, no bedside lighting... etc) Breakfast was a total farce, I paid extra for a full English breakfast to be told at 8am that they couldn't serve hot food and that we would have to go next door to have a breakfast!! I ended up having one croissant and a coffee for breakfast - hardly the continental I was expecting.  The hotel eventually decided to provide a refund for the breakfast but I am still waiting for this 3 weeks after my stay.  I wouldn't…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or210-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled my booking the night before I was due to arrive!,"I booked the Cheshire about a month before I was due to stay and was very surprised when they phoned me the evening before I was due to arrive to say they were cancelling my booking. The reason given was that some floors of the hotel were being refurbished and that my room would not be available. They offered to book me into a similar hotel nearby and said they would email me confirmation. 90 minutes passed and I hadn't received an email so I phoned them back - they hadn't made me another booking yet, but said they would do it straight away. Another 90 minutes passed (bear in mind I'm heading to London early the next morning) and then they email me to say that it's too late for them to book me a room at another hotel, but I can make a booking myself online! Don't gamble on…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or210-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Perhaps the worst London hotel?,"Booking this hotel as all others in the area we're fully booked was an appalling decision  This has to one of the worst value hotels I have ever stayed in globally. It is also uncomfortable, noisy and just downright unpleasant   Charging £5 an hour for wifi is beyond mean give how dreadful this place is. The tiny television barely works and to be candid the bedding feels dirty.  Location wise it's in a great place but then this is its only redeeming feature. The management are determined to do everything on the cheap so expect an awful room and grim stay - there are far better and far cheaper hotels available in London  AVOID THIS OVERPRICED DUMP LIKE THE PLAGUE",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or210-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Booked room with wi-fi, but was told it wasn't available on the floor I was on. The room was not clean, the decoration was at best tired and the room was stuffy and very small. The reception staff were quite rude and unhelpful. I travel extensively staying many different hotels across the UK and Europe and this is possibly the worse hotel I have stayed in for many years. Yes it is central and yes it was quite cheap, but this is not an excuse for rude staff, not delivering what was booked and unclean accommodation. What a bad example this type of hotel sets for people visiting from overseas.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or210-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Okay but not great,"This was the cheapest hotel we could find for an overnight stay.  The reception staff were very pleasant and helpful however the room was old, small and in serious need of redecoration as the decorations and furniture were ancient.  That said it was clean (although due to the age of everything it did not look it) and the beds had clean fresh linen.  There was some building work ongoing partitioning off the lounge/bar area which we were not warned about.  Not really worth the money although comparative to other hotels it is one of the cheaper central hotels.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or210-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Fleeced desperaste tourists,"My girl friend and I found ourselves  in a bit of a sticky spot in the early hours of Saturday 23rd April. Tired and wet, we booked into the Cheshire Hotel. In our desperation we accepted the charge of £289 for our room......Hindsight is a great thing! The following day we realised how overcharged we had been.  Had we followed instruction from the St Giles Hotel (Full to capacity) we could have enjoyed a 4star stay at the Bloomsbury for a £189.  We felt that we were charged 5star prices for a  less than 3star hotel and the receptionist certainly saw us coming!  We tried to resolve the matter with the manageress, who was less than helpful and stated that as we had accepted the charge the matter was closed, despite the fact we were in the hotel for less than 10 hours! From now on…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or215-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Came to London for a 3 day break,"Hotel central to all that we needed . Picadilly circus, Picadilly theatre, Camden market, Camden lock , Soho and Covent gardens. Oxford street just around corner. Hotel going through a refurbishment 1st floor closed. The room we stayed in was a bit tired ,with side panel broken and not fitting properly in the bathroom , and when you used toilet , sounded as though a ship was coming in to port. The bed room was ok apart from the mattress very springy . Could of done with air conditioning, tea coffee making facilities, fridge with cool drinks and wifi in rooms. The good points  price , night staff guy very good and very helpful. If you wanted drinks 24h service. WORD OF WARNING do not use there private taxi, they will rip you off, order a cab.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or215-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear,Don't. Just don't. Tired dirty dusty old unhygienic and staff couldn't give a monkeys. I could go on but main reason for reviewing is to dissuade people from having a very disappointing experience because not all London hotels are like this. I had breakfast booked but didn't even bother wanted to get out so quickly. Gave rating of one just because of a comfy bed. ,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or215-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very dirty and unhygienic place,Had to stay 1 night in April to attend a conference. Horrible stinky place. Will never get back there again. Everything including the pillow cases were dirty and the bathroom was horrible with a broken basin.  The carpet was damp (basically wet) and stinky. TV remote did not work either.,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or215-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very cramped.,"Chose hotel because of location and also cheap price; booked 5 weeks in advance through Booking.com.  Our double room consisted of a 4 foot bed pushed up against one wall with only a narrow space on the other side of the bed, hard for the two of us to pass each other.  There were no rooms like this shown amongst the hotel's own promotional photos. Bathroom was actually a reasonable size, but shower so powerful it soon flooded bathroom floor. Towels were tiny. There was no free wifi as promised; room handbook told us we had to pay.  Lifts were tiny (but did work). Took one look at the catering and decided against the expensive breakfast.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or215-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, poor hotel","I know that in Englad space is rare, but in this case, even though space was ok, it looked so dull, sad and dirty. It was not well take care of. Elevators were out of service, the carpet on the stairs were dirty and the walls had stains. Luckly, it did not smell badly. I did not try the breakfast but the lobby was nice. Rooms do not have internet, just in the lobby. They do have 24hs reception, and they can keep your luggage for free until noon, after check out at 10 AM. Two blocks away there is a hostel, it looks like a better option.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or220-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Only stay if you're really desparately!!,"Stayed on the 23rd April....where do I start. On arrival the front desk staff were extremely unhelpful and abrupt.....the entrance is extremely uninviting without this welcome! Sent to the lift to go down to the ground floor.....the lift is very cramped....then the room......no windows or phone signal....walls are paper thin. No tea or coffee making facilitie or even a bottle of water!! Then to freshen up.....what a joy....not!! The shower has a total mind of its own. The pressure is so strong the shower is unusable and flooded the bathroom.....we had a complaint for the TV being to loud, though the we were struggling to hear the to ourselves.....the cleanliness leaved a lot to be desired....dusty shelves and floor......and all this for the extortionate price of £189!!! Total…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or220-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Totally unimpressed,"I had booked this hotel about a month our before a business trip in April 2016 because of its location. Upon my arrival, I spoke to the clerk, deposited my bags and left for a meeting.  Upon returning late that afternoon, I was told my booking had been cancelled. Apparently my card had been rejected two days before and they tried to notify our travel agency (one associated to the large multinational for which I work). I checked with the agency and they said they had received no such notification and that the booking was still open in my name.  Reading between the lines, the hotel stuffed up, but left me with no support to find alternative accomodation and didn't really have the good grace to apologize about it. Nor could they be bothered responding to the agency's emails to…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or220-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great location...but...,"My partner and I stayed on 09th April. She had booked the hotel as part of a birthday present for me (we saw War of the Worlds at the Dominion) as the location was perfect.  So let me in the interest of balance start with the positives - the beds were comfy and the TV worked...and the initial check in OK. Once in our room it's safe to say it didn't live up to the pictures on the website. The 'Roman Blinds' were nailed/tacked straight onto the window frame. To open them you leant them on the section of wood in the middle of the window.  The work/dressing table had obviously had its rear legs removed and was loosely attached to the wall via screws at one end. The king size bed was a double with a single pushed against it, as we found they were not attached to each other as at one…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or220-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at ALL COST,"My Wife was booked into this Hotel by here companys ""travel"" Agent Small room on 5th floor and NO LIFT!! also no help offered with bags NO  WIFI, NO KETTLE , NO CUP, NO GLASS. you see where this is going!!  Today she returned to Hotel to find out that she was being ""moved"" to another Hotel as there was a H&S issue.... so at 8pm after a long 12 hour day had to pack and move hotels.  NO APOLOGY .... and room had been made up for next guest ..  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES USE THIS HOTEL IT MAKE FAWLTY TOWERS LOOK PROFFESSIONAL",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or220-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Last Resort Only,"I usually stay in the ""St Giles Classic"" hotel next door to the Cheshire Hotel, however it was fully booked for the night me and my friends were visiting.  So I booked the Cheshire Hotel as I had seen it in passing and knew the location, which is fantastic for getting about in London.  The room was almost 50% more than the St Giles Classic, and you got a LOT less for your money.  The receptionist rang me while we were in the middle of a restaurant dinner asking if we were intending to arrive any time soon.  We checked in, and noted the hotel lobby was very dated, as we found out was the rest of the hotel.  We waited for ten minutes before giving up waiting for the lift to arrive on the ground floor.  Once we got to the top floor where out room was located we found that the…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or225-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Day to London,"When booking shown pics of rooms ours was nothing at all like we got,  we got a shoddy, dismal, double room with a extra bed put in,(3 people) stairs carpet worn, lifts that didn't work well one out of two was also broken,bath taps either burnt u or were cold window fitting torn,I have to say this was a shabby hotel once in the main building. Would not ever stay again. Wasn't till next morning our daughter found small blood stains on her pillow. Which were definitely not from her,  ugh.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or225-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",avoid if you can,"our travel agency had booked this hotel with a rather cheap rate but not possibility to cancel. The hotel decoration dates from a long time ago. I had a really small room 6/5 sqm, the bathroom was around 2/3 sq. m. The worst was the single glass window which let most of the noise of the street through (I was on the first floor). The curtain had to be pulled by hand.  You hear everything from the other bathrooms. I had the pleasure of being woken up at midnight by the previous guest of the room who still had his key (the hotel uses old physical keys, not electromagnetic one you deactivate), I had fortunately turned the small locker. He was trying to get into the room, did not know it was rented to someone else, he also asked get his stuff which had been taken away during the…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or225-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre trip,"Stopped here for the night as we had tickets to les Mis at queens theatre. Hotel very handy for that as a lot of theatres in walking distance and also close to underground. Got there and we checked in early for no extra cost, room was on 4th floor but lift was broken. No tea in room, room was run down, double bed was not double in size as was small, shower hard to regulate and sprayed all over bathroom if went to powerful. Didn't have breakfast as rather expensive at 12 pound, and then it informs you vat at 20% and service charge at 15% not included, not a regular in London so that may be the norm.  Overall not really impressed apart from the location, website leads you to expect more. Forget wifi that was useless",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or225-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Fab location.helpful staff. Good value.clean.,Great location. Reasonably priced. Very clean. Staff very helpful. But I hate to say very small room. No tea/coffee making facilities (but hotel says they do) wifi only works in lobby. Lift not working... 4 flights to room. Decor shabby and in need of attention. Reported tv as not working.. Was not fixed. Charge for holding luggage after check out. But staff were very helpful in other matters.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or225-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,Went there for a birthday weekend. Found staff rude and unhelpful. Room was dirty and basic. After my boyfriend had a shower all the hot water went so I couldn't have one. The bath and carpet was hideously dirty. By 10pm our electricity went out! So we had no hot water or electricity!!! In the morning when we told the receptionist he said that it was the people in the next room fiddling with the plug sockets. And when we asked for some kind of compensation he refused. I wish I took the matter way further to his manager and got my money back. There are so many better places to go in London for around the same price so please don't be fooled by the pictures like me. Honestly ruined my birthday weekend and was so tempted to go home after seeing the room. We also asked for a double…,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or230-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Mr emmanuel ally,"I remember when i came to book a hotel. It was a late booking on the app it said that i could reserve and pay when i get there which i did and the staff working there kept calling me telling me to come asap or hes going to cancel my booking. I paid 150 to stay overnight with no breakfast and at night the bathroom was not clean properly. There were moulds in the bath and also the electricity stop working at like 11.30 and when we told them about the incident in the morning they werent bothered and they said it's because next door were using too muc electricity thats why it cut off and thr other problems they just avoided. Definetely the worst hotel I been to, really not worth the money!!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or230-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Les mis show ,"Arrived early prior to check in time at the Cheshire Hotel our rooms were ready on the 4th and 5th but unfortunately the lifts wasn't working so they kindly changed the room for mum n dad as they would never of made it up and down the flights of stairs. They didn't give us any indication as to when the lifts would be working but as it was the weekend probably not during our stay. They only had a room available  on the first floor and it was a struggle for mum n dad to get up the stairs, once in their room it took them a good ten minutes to get over it. There was someone there to help carry mum n dads overnight bag to their room but we ended up carrying it as he just went a head and left it on the floor. The rooms (our room was on the 4th floor) were clean and warm but could be…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or230-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not as horrendous as expected! ,"My mum, nanny and I stayed here on the 12th March as we were seeing a show and the location was perfect due to my nanny not being able to walk for long distances.  We booked this hotel before reading any reviews, and when we eventually did read reviews we were very apprehensive about what to expect.  When we arrived, we were told that a triple room (which we had booked) was not available and instead we were given keys for a single and a twin room. We were a little frustrated but not overly fussed, and to placate us (I think) the man at the desk told us we could have breakfast free the next morning.  We then went to head to one of our rooms (406) and bumped into a guest who said the lift had just broken down so it would be best not to use it. This was a bit of a nightmare purely…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or230-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",What a shame - it could really be OK,"If I could give 2 and a half stars I would, because my stay was reasonably pleasant and it wouldn't take much to rectify the problems with this hotel that have led to such awful reviews.  Positives: price and location - perfect for a central London business stay or overnight for a show nearby. Warm in my room (I actually ended up turning the radiator off) and everything immaculately clean. Friendly staff. Good shower - if a little tricky to regulate.   Negatives: where to start, really. First they tried to give me a twin room when I'd booked a double. Easily sorted, but shouldn't happen in the first place. No tea/coffee making in the room. They said they had had a fire and electrical equipment had been removed while something was fixed. Looking back through the reviews this has…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or230-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Basic of Basic hotels,"Hotel is cheap and cheerful! Although Central London the price reflects the condition of the hotel. Beds comfortable stopped in 2 different rooms now and both spacious. Condition of the hotel in areas is poor bits of ripped wallpaper, worn carpet, tired silver in bathrooms etc. Location of hotel is great either for Leicester Square and West End or for local Tubes, Tottenham Court Road. Beware of the Lifts!! Very old and you get in with your fingers crossed that it gets you to your floor!",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or235-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"Although the location of this hotel is good-a short walk from the British Museum-and it's cheap-we paid about £50 a head in a triple room without breakfast-I can't recommend this hotel. We found a used tissue in one of the beds! Also, the shower was a serious health and safety risk as the water temperature was almost impossible to regulate-husband scalded himself...",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or235-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Too much wrong with this hotel,"Booked one night in a twin as going to Shaftesbury theatre. Hotel in really good and relatively quiet location within easy walk of Covent Garden, Soho, Theatre land etc. Looked smart and promising from outside and in reception. Downhill fom there...had to pay in advance for room, (sign of the times maybe?) Rather surly receptionist. Tiny, rickety lift that did break down while we were there for a short while! Room 305 was opposite the lift, carpet totally frayed by door. No door on wardrobe, really small, shabby furniture (that, incidentally could be greatly improved by a bit of shabby chic! Blind not working so permanently down. No tea making facilities. Iron but no board. Really cheap smelling toiletries.  King of the mastick gun had been running amok in the bathroom, it was…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or235-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"I had this misfortune of staying in this hotel for work. Never again. No tea/coffee making facilities in the room.  WiFi is extra.  Holes in the carpet and missing paint off the ceiling in the bathroom. Woken by doors slamming on the other rooms and can hear conversations clearly happening in the hallway.  The lifts are tiny (in fact only one was working) and are slow. The worst thing - the plumbing is so bad that you have other people's ""business"" greeting you in the toilet in the morning. If I had to look for positives - good location, cheap (for London), bed was comfortable and shower was hot.  But that's as far as I can go. I'm asking for this hotel to be removed from our corporate list so that no-one else has to experience this.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or235-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Bit disappointed,"The hotel is in a very good location just round the corner from Tottenham court road station. Very blazé welcome at reception and strong use of incense sticks. Quite a small room for 2 people, wobbly wardrobe, chair and bedside cabinet, dodgy headboard only half mounted to the wall, shower head half gets you washed and half washes the ceiling. Be careful what you leave lying around as my partners suit cover was thrown away as the room attendant threw it away as it was on the table next to the bin, was not impressed by this and complained to reception who wasn't really bothered and she said she'd leave a note for the housekeeper, who in the morning could only offer a bin bag over the hanger and the room attendant admitted she threw it away! Won't be staying here again and…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or235-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Swimming pool in the bath.,"Bathroom rather poor, holes and oxyde everywhere. I complained about the water flooding. The answer: that needs a plumber. -ok give me a couple of extra towels. -We are short of towels, sorry.  Cleanness and general state of the room... really poor",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or240-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Poor standard even for a stag weekend ,"Do not expect anything listed on their website to be in the rooms. No tea or coffee making facilities, no WiFi. Asked reception for tea making facilities as per website and he abruptly said the website is old. Told he could give us tea but no hot water. A little confusing. Returned with a tea bag and empty mug. Again,rudely told us we can't have any hot water.  Rooms are very tired.  Good location for soho, Leicester Square etc but don't expect anything more than a hostel standard",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or240-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but that is all I can say that's positive,"Stayed here on the Saturday night for a weekend away with the girls from work. Was a great location for walking to the theatres and Covent Garden and even walked back to Kings Cross Station for the train..... But that's the end of the positives. We booked 3 double rooms, the two on the 5th floor were basic, small but clean. The one on the 4th floor, room 404 was tiny & no way fit to be s double. There were no curtains at the Windows, just a Venetian blind that had been tied up & wouldn't drop so good job it was dark as otherwise it would have been difficult to sleep. Room a bit cold with a plug in Heater but this smelled really bad so didn't seem safe. Stairwells in hotel had threadbare carpet so the hotel needs a lot of reinvestment. Please note there are no tea making…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or240-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Not brilliant, but excellent location","Booked three double rooms for one night. Two were ok, clean and comfy beds. The third was mire of a single, one of the arty couldn't come so it wasn't a problem, so the bed was ok for one! Don't book Room 404. No tea and coffee in rooms, as advertised on the website, although available downstairs. Staff we're very helpful and friendly. The location is brilliant, but hotel a bit tired.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or240-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Simple. Good Location.,"Reception staff were helpful and friendly. Rooms were tidy and have everything one would need but there were no lampshades on the lightbulbs by our bed. Showers were excellent, with a good pressure and the temperature could be controlled to be very hot and very cold. Elevators were quite slow and small but did the job. Above everything, the location of the hotel was perfect. A two minute walk can take you to the Tottenham Court Road tube station as well as Oxford Street. Soho was about 10 minutes away. This hotel was also one of the most reasonable in the area.  Overall, a hotel with an amazing location and friendly staff. There were a few imperfections but this didn't bother us as we were out most of the time. The reasonable price makes up for this, too.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or240-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",night away,"great hotel 2 mins to Tottenham court road and  Oxford street near to everything  great stay, hotel staff good, rooms clean near to shops pubs and restaurants we had a fab time, breakfast was great, you have got lift to rooms saved walking the stairs,  will stay again  thanks keith and carole",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or245-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed Bag,"We paid £100 for double room including breakfast. But there were NO Tea/coffee making facilities in room. I had to call reception and wait while she made the tea for me to take up in lift to 4th floor!!! One other negative was the tiny room - 404 - but it did have a bath - which is a plus as I like having a bath. But the steam generated set off the smoke  detector and steamed up the windows within seconds!  Be careful of hot water as it will scold your hands - it is set too hot. Windows had ageing blinds that were held up by Velcro but at least did open. Perfect location for West End, and full English breakfast was also a plus.....but did have to wait 30 minutes for it to be served. Lifts are out of the arc, and I would worry about getting stuck in them. If we weren't on the 4th…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or245-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"After reading some reviews we were wary,but the Cheshire gave us value for money breakfast was excellent, we found the hotel clean , the room was small 504 but we were always out ,staff members pleasant &helpful.   The location was good ,the under ground a short walk.   So my advice is if this is what want spend this amount book !!! We found it good value.        Hope to take our 3 grand daughters soon to London for their first visit and plan to stay at the Cheshire.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or245-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,This is the second time I have stayed at the Cheshire Hotel. The first time I stayed there was during May 2013 and the second time was December 2015. I couldn't believe the price difference because of it being the Christmas period. Having known what the hotel was like I wasn't going to pay the price that was being advertised however after randomly coming across a 40% deal some weeks later I just decided to book.   The location of this hotel is great if you are staying in London for a few days or a long weekend as its so close to Oxford and Regent street as well as Leister Square and Covent Garden therefore saving money on public transport.  The hotel is small and quite old looking inside. The rooms are basic (very small) but sufficient if you are just sleeping and showering and…,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or245-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect Location, Decent Quality, Low Price!","As a young, solo traveller I was looking for a secure place to stay with a private bed and bathroom, the Cheshire Hotel is not a 5 Star resort, but it is clean, hygienic and private, Central to everything in London, 1 minute walk to Tottenham Court Road Tube Station which is on one of the main lines and located near a Burger King, Primark and Boots. I had a perfect experience in this hotel (albeit I did stay in late summer with no need for heating) and would stay here again. Cheapest well kept hotel in Central London with Wifi, and excellent house keeping.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or245-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby rooms vs. very central location,"We expected an extremely bad room after reading these reviews. Overall it wasn't as bad as described. The bed was quite comfortable. The hotel is located in a very central area which was very important for us for the first and only night when we stayed. Rooms have to be renovated. Plus, it is very noisy but we weren't much bothered.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or250-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Horrific standards and rooms. highly un-recommended,Where do i even start? arrived at 15.30 on the day we were staying and got told our room wasn't ready. come back in 30 mins. Once we eventually got our room i wished we hadn't. was like sleeping in a cupboard. room 303. Said on the email i received the room had tea and coffee making facilities. IT DIDNT. got told we could use the restaurant for free tea and coffee. thats handy when you are on the 3rd floor. also on my email it said there was an iron and ironing board also a computer and keyboard. THERE WAS NONE OF THESE. The room itself was horrible and tiny. it had the smallest double bed ever and had a single bed headboard on it. The window didnt have blinds or curtains. it had what looked like a pillow case covering the window. the bedside table was hanging off the wall. The…,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or250-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Bloody dreadful,"Don't stay here, it's that simple. Awful rooms, no heating that appears to work, dingy bathrooms with ancient plumbing. Lifts that were last used in the Ark. Not cheap either. My colleague stayed in a room with wet carpets ! Breakfast was decent though and the staff were nice......",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or250-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Was ok.  Wouldn't use again......not as disappointed as expected,Room quite drab and needs updating..We had room G2.  Bits in bathroom needs changing and a thorough clean. Thankfully bed clean and comfy.  Staff not very welcoming or friendly.  Never really spoke. Quite bizarre.  We visited Munchkins down the road for breakfast. Was lovely. Tip: book the Premier Inn nearby instead.  ,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or250-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Travelling for Business ... do not use this hotel,"Spent 2 night there this month the 10th and 11th November for work, the room was cold, the blind held up with nails, the lighting was appalling but I guess there is a reason as the décor was old and pealing.  We had to request wifi and it working on the first night for 15-20mins then nothing... couldn't get it to work the 2nd night.  The only heating seemed to be an electric heater but was too afraid to plug it in as nothing else worked.  The TV wasn't working either even though I told then 5 times and someone did look at it but said we will get someone in tomorrow (Wednesday) but it didn't happen...  So no TV, No WiFi, no decent lighting except the bathroom... and I wasn't sitting on the loo all evening catching up on work.   The room was not that clean either although the…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or250-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Never Againr,"We booked this hotel due to the proximity of the shops and theatres. It is close and that's a plus. Unfortunately we had not read the reviews prior to our arrival and we should have done. Our room was old, dated and musty with no heating and no plug for the bath. It was so cold in there wanted to have a bath but with no plug had to stiff a flannel in the plug hole! We complained re the heating and were advised that they knew it did not work therefore would find some heaters. We went to the theatre returned about midnight and alas no heathers found. There was a new receptionist on how eventually found the smallest heater you have ever seen but to be fair she was very pleasant and really tried to assist. The breakfast in the morning was very tasty and staff helpful. Upon checking…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or255-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not good!!,"The room we had was literally falling apart and when we took a shower everything in the room became damp including our clothes, the elevator also looks like it needs a little work.  On the other hand the girls cleaning the room did a good job and the breakfast area and food were fine.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or255-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have stayed in!,No disabled access at the entrance to the hotel!  Musty smelling room with socket out of phone on the wall and wallpaper hanging off!  Freezing room with radiator not working!  No tea making facilities.  Had to put towels down on the floor as carpet was soaking wet!  Glad I only stayed the one night!,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or255-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous ,"Looked a little tired when I arrived, but horrified to find a pair of dirty knickers in my room when I arrived from a previous occupant. The room and bathroom was dirty, to the point where I couldn't actually sleep inside the bed clothes. Another guest also tried to get into my room during the night and I felt extremely unsafe as a lone female traveller.  Shocking place and an absolute rip off.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or255-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Visit,Nice little hotel in the centre of all the action. We were very very well looked after and Kevin and Deene were amazing and there was nothing too small or too hard for them. Thanks  for taking care of us while we were in London!! - Andrew and Bernie from Australia,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or255-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",OK hotel in the middle of London ,"This is the hotel you stay at to be in the center of London. Short way to Oxford Street. Good beds and good breakfast. Somewhat tired hotel, with some DIY mending here and there. This is not a luxury hotel, but a good buy for the not so picky in short distance to everything. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or260-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel,"Man, should I have read these reviews before going :).  Broken bed, early check-in price changes the day after I'm ripped off for it.  Tiny, freezing room.  Worst hotel in London so far (hostel would likely be better and cheaper!)  Strongly recommend against this place!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or260-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Go There!,"We booked this Hotel in advance via Booking.com. We arrived early to ask if we could leave our bag and check in later as we were off to the Rugby World Cup. They took our bag in without even asking our name or providing a receipt. When we returned to check in we were told that the booking was for a single room for 2! We had the Booking.com proof of booking and they finally found a double room. However, the room was a single size with a very small double pushed up against the wall and a single headboard. It was late and we were tired so as we were here only 1 night we left it. The room was warm and we had the window open. Big mistake as over the road is a 24 hr eaterie/bar and all night there were revellers shouting, swearing and singing. Added to this the bed was the most…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or260-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"Horrible service, downgraded room and wasn't informed. Discovered the trait when I opened the door... No help in getting replacement rooms or a sufficient solution to the problem. I will make sure to stay away from this place in the future! ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or260-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"The hotel is conveniently located, clean and breakfast is satisfactory. The rooms are small, wifi is not free and there was no trace of the tea or coffee makings mentioned on the website.  My wife was particularly annoyed by the lack of a cuppa and it really wouldn't cost much to put this right. Overall, you get what you pay for and the Cheshire is cheap by London standards",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or260-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Hotel was in a great location to theatres Piccadilly Circus china town and on the hop on hop off bus route. The hotel was a bit tired, the room was clean but small and incredibly hot. So we left the windows open. The noise was horrendous from outside, there is a 24hr diner close by and it was busy all night with party goers. The bin wagons and other traffic didn't ease up at all. The breakfast was pleasant enough we had continental at 9.99 a head, but wasn't worth that. The reception staff were helpful, but not overly friendly. The room didn't have tea and coffee.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or265-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Just awful and could be a drug rehab area,"I recently stayed in the above hotel and to say it was an experience not very positive as well.  So arrived on Saturday at about 11am, first impressions were that in great location but building is so dated. Was told rooms were not ready which understood fully. Were offered to leave our luggage which was nice, however no system, didn't receive a token and later on just said which bags were ours. Obviously that means potential for easy theft if a person wanted to or chosing the nicest luggage for example.  When we arrived back at 7pm we were greeted by a unhappy party who were complaining about their accommodation, I will not discuss their issues as I cannot comment as I didn't see the rooms. However they pointed out a used syringe in the plant pot outside the hotel. We can all…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or265-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Scruffy, cramped, noisy and hot.","Excellent location for exploring central London. That is the only excellent part. My room was tiny, the carpet and furnishings were scruffy, however the bathroom had been renovated and was rather nice. I spoke with the staff and I think there are plans afoot to improve it but there is a very long way to go.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or265-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Would give zero stars if possible,"OMG! What a hole! We arrived and the reception staff were rude and uncommunicative. Warning bells should have rung at this point. We were questioned about our booking and had to provide evidence of it.  Got into room and had an attractive view of a concrete wall. Paper was peeling off the walls and the surfaces were dusty and dirty. We didn't dare peel back the sheets, afraid of what we would find!  No tea or coffee making facilities, even though the website stated these were available.  We went out and came to our senses. We booked into the Premier Inn in Holborn (which was wonderful I might add!), went back to the hotel and made a swift exit using the excuse that we had a family emergency. In all my time of travelling in both the UK and overseas I have never come across a…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or265-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very Small !,"Very dated hotel, even though it is in a great central location!  The room was tiny, as was the lift to get upstairs to the rooms.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  Breakfast was OK, nothing special.  The decor could certainly do with modernising to bring it in line with 2015! However, it was clean and ok for 1 or 2 nights.  Walking distance to Tottenham Court Station and not too far from Oxford circus.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or265-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Wasn't impressed,"Booked in here as part of a business trip and wasn't impressed at all. The sign falling off the front of the hotel should possibly have been a giveaway when we arrived! Receptionist friendly and helpful and my colleagues and I noted that we would have to pay £20 if we lost the keys to our rooms. Our rooms were on the fourth floor and the lifts were slow and rickety. My room was T-shaped and I wasn't delighted at having to squeeze with my suitcase and bags past a nightstand which was next to the bed and in the middle of the downward bar of the ""T"", it had been placed there so there was somewhere to place the telephone handset. I moved the nightstand immediately. There were no tea/coffee facilities even though they were promised in the booking. There was also a notice saying that…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or270-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not Elegant,"Not the elegant Georgian residence described, the Cheshire is a cramped and dated converted tenement on a narrow and very busy street. Our room and bath were adequate to be sure, but for the price the facilities were somewhat improvised and shabby with slamming doors, broken shades, and stuck windows. While the location is convenient to multiple Tube and bus stops and a short walk from the incomparable British Museum, the many charms of the Bloomsbury neighborhood come at a price: noise. Great Russell Street, despite its modest size, is a major bus route and taxi thoroughfare. The Cheshire is unfortunately situated on a corner opposite the service entrances of two larger hotels and a major theater, meaning loud deliveries and garbage collection start early and end late. There…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or270-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected!,"Judging by previous reviews, we should have avoided this hotel BUT we were delighted to find it was far better than expected. The room was spotless, the bedding pristine and blindingly white. The public areas were also very clean. Breakfast was excellent. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel location is great too. On the downside the lifts are old and slow and there were no coffe/tea making facilities in the room. the value was ok, considering what other central hotels charge during the summer months. All in all, a pleasant surprise.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or270-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling!!!!!,"Without doubt the worst hotel imaginable,the staff are rude unhelpful and ignorant.I stayed for two nights having booked 6weeks in advance on arrival I was told booking in is strictly at 3pm or I could pay an additional cost to see my room,We arrived at 2.30pm.We had a triple room in which they gave us twin room with a cot bed for the third bed.After complaining waiting a whole hour 6-7 to be told the manager is coming.Well Deena needs to be seen to be believed ignorant is an gross understatement,finally given a new room in the basement or as we referred to it the dungeon! no windows cramped small room dirty bedding.Long story short they don't care no house keeping even got to the stage of asking for toilet roll and being told I had to wait 2 hours before house keeping…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or270-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Shopping ,The hotel is value for money.  Great location for shopping and near to the underground. Don't expect to much of the hotel and you want be dissapointed. You get a clean bed and a shower and that's about it. ,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or270-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Conference ,"Clean,friendly , great frontage pity the inside isn't the same ,painfully slow lifts and no tea / coffee making facilities. I like a coffee during my stay when I want one, not just available in the restaurant. ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or275-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Long week end,"You pay for what you get here. Reasonably clean, hot water,comfortable bed. Staff nice and friendly,one very helpful woman got us a extension lead to allow us to charge fones by beds,thanks for caring 😇 .Then there was the man behind the desk silver rimmed glasses,so bloody rude ,sack this man ,if you can't even lift your head to speak to your guests then you are in the wrong job ,shame on you you bad manner ed man,stay out of the the public eye 😠",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or275-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant overnight,"Modest older style hotel just off Oxford Street. Close to Dominion & Palladium Theatres. Walking distance of Leicester Square, Soho etc.  Not a luxury hotel. B&B. Some bits old and needs return but works.  My only real gripe being lack of welcome tray though do do 24hr room service.  My room 105 was opposite lift. Twin very comfy beds. Very clean.  Can't comment on the negative reviews not that bad. This is a budget priced hotel. Do you expect 5* for B&B.  Had continental breakfast.  Could have had full English. Everyone seemed happy with it.  Would I stay here again. Certainly yes.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or275-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Lucky escape,Ariived to check in only to be told the room was not avaiable due to room damaged by burst water pipe.  Had to move to diffeent hotel - not in the area i needed.  No offer of taxi to transfer.  Only consolation the transfer hotel (Royal National) was of a reasonable standard,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or275-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",OH DEAR,"I would recommend that you do not stay in this hotel. I went to London on business and was tired after my journey. On arriving at the hotel I was met by a very obnoxious person on reception. A good start, I was given my room key and went to the lift, my room was on the 5th floor. The lift was old and reading the past reviews wish I took the stair. I got to the room and found that the general housekeeping was not a good standard. Reading the glossy hotel website that the hotel puts on is totally false advertising. There were not tea/coffee facilities. No iron / ironing board and you could paint both walls at the same time. The room was tiny, the bathroom smelt of stale sweat with mildew everywhere. I was able to phone my company to change hotels and quickly left. When handing my…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or275-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",UNSAFE and Uncaring Hotel - don't stay here! (NO STARS REALLY),"I will attempt to make this Un-emotive and factual :- This was supposed to be a very Special trip for My boyfriend and I as it was his birthday, and this was the first that we had spent together, I wanted to make it very special, so sent an e-mail to the hotel requesting that a balloon and bottle of wine be put in our room and to let me know how much , - no response, sent a request (two requests) through booking.com they confirmed hotel had got the requests, not heard anything, lo and behold we arrived and nothing. This should have given me an incline as to the sort of service that we were to expect... The reception staff did not smile- were not welcoming, I paid before I got past the door, before we had seen the room, there was probably a good reason, because I would not of…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or280-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"We booked a triple room and were located in the basement area. The room was in a poor condition for what we paid and I will not be staying here again. We were offered a complimentary breakfast after complaining about the standard of the room we were allocated, the food turned out to be pretty good.  Overall not good value for money",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or280-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great base,"2 minutes from the tube station. 5 minutes from theatres, Covent gardens etc. staff very friendly. Room was small but comfortable. Only complaint would be no tea making facilities in the room, other than that well worth the money.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or280-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A never again experience,"It is an awful shabby hotel. The elevators were not working, the phones were out of order as well.   I asked the reception to get me a cab for 4 a.m. as I needed to catch an early flight and double check that I was awake at 4. They forgot both. A they did fetch me a cab in the end... The one I couldn't pay for with the card, so I had to withdraw cash on the way.  The hotel is also situated in an extremely noisy place, and it doesn't really help if you close the windows.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or280-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for visiting central London,"Clean, comfortable rooms.  A little small but that's ok - reflected in the price Breakfast very nice - freshly cooked. Restaurant too small, queue for tables. Bar closed so what's the point having it - could make bigger breakfast room  What a shock that no Tea and Coffee in rooms - this is really very penny pinching. Extortionate rates for Wifi  Staff friendly and helpful",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or280-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking!!,"Haven't slept under a dog blanket for a very long time. Had to peel back the stained sheets to reveal an unsleepable bed, before replacing the dog blankets and sleeping in my clothes on top. Came away feeling very dirty and unhealthy. My colleages had a very similar experience in other rooms. Avoid at all costs! ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or285-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Clean at least!,"Just back from a weekend in London to see a Show and stayed at this hotel.  I chose it because of proximity to Oxford Street and theatre.  Our so called double room was really a single with single headboard and not enough room for two pillows side by side.  Toilet roll holder broken, no plug in wash basin, just a gaping hole down which I nearly lost a ring, no tea and coffee making facilities, power socket in skirting board with loose wires. The curtain was just a piece of material draped over the window.  Supposedly 24 hour room service but when we requested tea in morning we were told ""no"",  we could have all the tea we wanted at breakfast which was a rip of at £10 each for cereal and toast and fruit juice!  If we had stayed beyond the 10 am. checkout we would have had to pay…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or285-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Highly recommended,"Just back from a mid week break in London.The location of this hotel is brilliant being very central to all main tourist attractions ,shops ,theatres etc. Staff were very friendly and could not do enough for us , letting us leave our bags before we had checked in and after we had checked out to suit our flight times. Our room was very clean and cleaned every day. Would definitely recommend this hotel if you are visiting London for a few days . We will be definitely be going back with the rest of the family at a later date",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or285-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly comfortable,"Stayed here whist attending a conference, the first time not in a group in London, the staff at the hotel were friendly and very helpful. Not familiar with getting about all the staff were informative.  The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable. So good I've booked to stay there again for this year's conference.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or285-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for a theatre visit.,The Cheshire is a little tired and needs a little TLC but it is perfectly located for a theatre visit and it is within walking distance from the British Museum.  The beds were clean and the staff were charming.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or285-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Break with friend,"Th hotel is quiet near Covent garden  and not from the British museum close to Oxford street and Oxford Circus however the hotel has no wifi that is free and quiet expensive  and hardly connects and their is no tea and coffee in the rooms and you can't get any drinks when you come back in to the hotel as not a machine nor a bar in the hotel ,a lot of noise at night while we were their,  some staff was hard to communicate  other staff were not helpful  but hotel was very dated too.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or290-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Can't understand why so many negative reviews,we had twin room ok,it wasn't massive,but for the time we spent in it Was perfect.cant comment on food or drink, only negative was you had to pay for wifi,at some ridiculous price,so we didn't bother. Cracking location, will definitely use again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or290-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A Dump,"This hotel was booked for one night on a visit to the Theatre... We arranged the trip last minute, so were limited to choice... We checked in and were given our key.. the room was not cleaned.. the bed looked like it had just been left by the previous guest... We then had to wait for a room to be cleaned as nothing available Room was dark, dirty and outdated.. a real dump..loose wires hung from the plug sockets, the carpets were worn and the windows filthy... The one good point is the Hotels location.. it was literally a ten minute walk to the Theatres...However, I would recommend a longer walk and stay somewhere else... Also, when we booked we payed around £50.00 for two guests.. this indicates just how much the Hotel has to reduce its rates to get visitors through the door!!!",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or290-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if possible,"Turned up on a business trip with a colleague having booked two double rooms. Was informed without apology that they were unavailable. Initially as my booking could not be found then when it was found that they had overbooked. Asked if we wanted to stay in a room for 3 people together at more than the price we had paid for our double room. Then tried to be palmed off to several second rate places nearby. It was late and despite the fact that we knew rooms were available at nearby Travelodge they refused to pay the difference, so we left and did it ourselves. Pathetic and treated with complete disdain.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or290-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Taxi!,"Oh dear! Cleaning the room would of helped for a start. I thought I had traveled back in time to 1984 due to the decor, if it had been 1984 prices, well- it would of helped. It's tired and dated and frankly on the rank side of hospitality. No tea/coffee in rooms and a decent size bath towel would have been nice. No free wifi. Didn't go near breakfast ( extra at around £10 ) Go to Balans instead ( Compton St) same price for eggs Benedict and a coffee) The outside is lovely and the reception good but that's where it ends...The staff are not trained I even had to help some German tourists with their luggage as they were left in bewilderment at the total lack of service. Giving my home town a bad reputation.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or290-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't do it,"Easily the most disappointing hotel I have ever stayed in, initially I was put in a windowless room in the basement next to the laundry. So I complained and was given a slightly better room upstairs, which was stilltiny room, no hot water, smells, sometimes no heating, no plug in bath, tv intermittent...Oh and i had to sit sideways to take a dump.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or295-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful place.,"This is among the worst hotels I have ever stayed in.  It is the kind of place that gets London a bad name.  Stayed for one night, never again. The staff were surly to the point of rudeness.  The room was very small for 3 people. No tea/coffee, the TV didn't work.  Paid WiFi (really)!  Room in the basement with no windows.  They even charge for leaving your bags in their store cupboard after check out so that they can be collected later. I am only giving it a rating of 1 because I can't give it zero.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or295-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"Booked a room for 3 adults. Photos on website looked ok but wish I'd checked on here first! From the outside the hotel looked fine and the reception area was ok, if a little basic. Despite asking for a room on a low floor (I don't do lifts and my son has dyspraxia) we were given a room on the 5th (top floor) - ok I thought, maybe all their triple rooms are on that floor. The carpet on the stairs was very worn and at the very top non-existent, but again I wasn't too concerned as most people don't use the stairs so they aren't a high priority area. The room though was a complete shock, nothing like the website photos; it had a small double bed and a z-bed, completely unsuitable for 3 adults. I asked if we could change rooms but was told the hotel was full. We were offered free…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or295-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty hotell,"Checking in for a three nights stay, we got a room in the basement. This was a disaster !! Humidity, narrow  and low temperature. It was smelling basement. The next morning we demanded a changed of room. This was accepted after a while and we fot a ok room in the 2.floor. The service in the reception was partly poor but changed to the better with changed of crew. Everything had to be paid for in audition as WiFi access, storage og luggage after check lut time at 10.00. The cleaning of room was required from the staff at 16.00 when we were in the room again after lunch and the labour time for the cleaning personell was ending and no cleaning was done. The WiFi connection was very unsable, depending of which floor you were at, and always very slow. Afterall, the second room was…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or295-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadfully unsympathetic,DO NOT EVEN BOTHER!!!  My wife and I booked here for a couple of nights to do some sightseeing in London. Due to a bereavement of a close relative we tried to cancel the booking as soon as we could (funeral fell on a day we had booked) We tried to contact the hotel but the no one answered and when they eventually did answer we were told there was no manager around and that we needed to call back. After another couple of attempts to speak to the hotel with no avail we managed to speak to the most unsympathetic person and so much so that my wife was brought to tears at the attitude and then refused to deal with the hotel any further. I took over dealing with them and eventually got a reply saying they needed a copy of the death certificate before they would cancel the booking and…,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or295-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not for business travelers,You get what you pay for. If you chose a cheap hotel in central London then this is what you get. Rooms are clean but the whole place needs a face lifting and maintenance. If you need Wifi for your work don't go there it is unstable.,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or300-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Cold showers, cold rooms, cold welcome!","The hotel has a run down, shabby appearance with ripped carpets, missing toilet flush buttons and damaged paintwork but this may be over looked except....  The shower was cold, the shower tray didn't drain, the rooms were cold, we were told not to use the sockets or we'd fuse the whole fifth floor! There was also a hair on the ham at breakfast. Perhaps some of this could be forgiven except....  The majority of the staff were disinterested at best and almost surly at worst! Even concerns over the near flooding caused by the shower tray brought no remorse and also no one to fix the issue! ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or300-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A rip off!,"A dump that wouldn't attract not even a homeless had it not been for its location. Bad service, lack of hygiene and terrible smell. This was a nightmare for me. The room was very smelly and poky. The taps in the shower room was leaking and leaving a horrible stain on the floor. I was so uncomfortable that I couldnt sleep at all. I felt like leaving in the middle of the night. It was also quite noisy with people speaking in foreign language. Felt like I was in a third world hotel. I had to put a chair by my door at night because I was so worried someone could walk in... Not an experience I want to repeat. Please be warned!",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or300-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Big mistake booking here,"Booked this hotel for a one night stay as was visiting London and the location wasn't to far from the theatre me & my fiancé were going to.  On arrival the hotel looked ok. Quickly checked in & given our room number. As soon as I opened the door I was shocked at how small the room was. A bed, wardrobe and tiny bathroom containing a shower, toilet & sink boy enough room for two people at all. The electricity wasn't working in the room so my fiancé went down to reception to let the staff know. Once two members of staff arrived and sorted the electricity problem I mentioned the room size & the fact the bedding had holes in I asked to swap rooms. The young girl then spoken to me with a disgusting attitude and told us we had a large room, there wasn't any bigger and we could have a…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or300-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",My worst hotel experience in London,"A guest at time of writing this review:   OMG...this has to be my worst hotel experience ever . On arrival my first impression was that this place is dated and in a state of general disrepair, not at all as it appears in the online photos .   Once my wife and I checked in we were shown to our room where immediately it was apparent that the bed linen was not clean, we had to request for clean sheets to be put on the bed . The room is a double... In reality it is a single room with a small double bed. The curtains are stuck to the window frame with Velcro which is very odd and there is no fridge in this  4m x 4m room which is has meant that we can't chill the champaign that my wife and I had planned to drink when we returned from the theatre.   I have just requested water for the…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or300-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","What a rip off?! This is not a hotel that as a proud Londoner,  I would ever recommend !!!","What a dump. This dingy and poorly presented hotel is more like a refuse for the homeless!  So the room is  4x4 sq feet and the double bed is tiny and the bedding needed changing as soon as we checked in as it was stained.   On requesting water we were informed they had none only tap water. What sort of a hotel has not got bottled water in their bar ?!  No heating in the room only an oil heater, no safe, blind attached to window frame   With Velcro and staff very unhelpful!  Noisy and really not worth £168 for one night.  As a Londoner coming away for a night off from the children I might as well have not bothered ... Not a restful night at all. This is by far the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or305-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"I stayed for one night: in the room the heating was not working, the electricity was out every 10 minutes (at least the reception was switching it on again quickly), the water was extremely hot (impossible to have a shower), the bathtub was clogged..  The breakfast was a type of cheese and a type of ham, dry croissants and a super bitter marmalade, butter, water, juice. Bread upon request...",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or305-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Nice friendly hotel, very good location, clean room","On arrival the staff were very welcoming, it's a stone's throw from Oxford Street, Soho bars, Tottenham Court Road tube and all of Central London.  The lifts were not as bad as other people have implied, just quite small, but that just added to the character. They worked, what else do you want ;-). The rooms were small, but clean and comfortable and the bathroom quite small, but for the price it was good for a room in the middle of London coming up to Christmas.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or305-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute dot com,"We had to book a hotel on the day in London and with a super tight budget - as this was for work - and we stumbled across this hotel due to its vicinity to the venue that we needed to be at at silly o'clock the following morning.  Checking in seemed busy and its a typical small hotel - but that's what you expect with the £$£$ we paid! I did book a double room but got a twin instead and the facilities were very basic indeed... The room was road side so was very noisy and my other half being nosier than 'Michael Caine' meant he was up and down and pretty restless as London carried on whilst we tried to sleep.. The shower was intense, personally the strong shower is a tick in my book! :)  Not much to dislike, it was what it was for the pennies we were prepared to spend. Do not…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or305-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Book elsewhere,Chose this hotel based on its location.  Booked a room for two and it was incredibly tight quarters.  The service and accommodations were abysmal.  The furnishings were in poor condition. The phone in our room didn't work and friends who called the hotel trying to reach us were frustrated as it seemed we were not receiving their messages.  It was very warm in the room.  The hotel  has no AC and we had to keep the windows open as they had no fans to offer us.  The noise from the street made it difficult to sleep.  We asked to switch rooms and were told we could not.  The staff was the least hospitable of any hotel I have ever stayed at.  I have nothing positive to say about this hotel.,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or305-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay,"This hotel is a great location ....BUT this is the only positive about it  Noisey , expensive for what u get , no breakfast cause excuse was, chef is ill !  Very small rooms can't really have 2 people in the room we stayed in ,sat on bed touched either side of room ,, bin men dragging bins at 4.30/5 am ,,, bath dirty ,, need I say any more",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or310-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Normal...,"We went for a city break in London so the price was fine if i think we booked 2 days before departure. Anyway...we arrived at the hotel and we weren't charge extra like i was afraid after i've read the reviews. They surprised me in some ways...Yes, the room was small, but they keep it clean and changed towels every day. The bad thing was that we didn't had free internet. If you want internet inside the hotel you have to pay 10 pounds per day and this isn't funny. Long story short is good if you stay like we did because is close to metro and bus stations and British Museum(5 min walk) but i don't think is so good for long stay if you want to have space to move around in the room.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or310-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let the location fool you,"Stayed here 7 nights for business in July. Booked the stay (twin bed) via the company travel agency solely for the somewhat low price and good location. Little did I know what unpleasantries that would follow. At arrival I was charged extra for early check-in. The room itself was the size of a wardrobe and definitely not a 'twin bed'. When I immediately complained about the room, they insisted that my reservation only was for a 'single bed' and wouldn't budge. The 'bed' consisted of a thin mattress on a dubious frame which was 1. way too short 2. broke several times in which I had to re-mount the mattress on the frame. I have never in my life stayed at such an uncomfortable hotel room. Life lesson learnt.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or310-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Buyer Beware !,"I booked this hotel for a business guest of mine arriving the following day for 4 nights for a single room in this 3* hotel in London which cost a staggering £860 for a single bed room due to the lack of hotel rooms at the time in London. To cut a long story short the guest was not given an early check in despite it being requested previously and the guest did not like the room which was changed to a larger one for an additional fee of £100 and left the hotel without staying.   I tried to get a refund for 3 of the 4 nights but my request was declined. The hotel offered a £400 refund agreed by the internet booking company.   The story does not end there, despite the internet booking company trying to recover the £400 refund on my behalf from the hotel on a number of occasions,…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or310-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS HOTEL,"Appalling service all round. Arrived last night only to be told they had problems with the room. Refused to give a refund but offered to put us up in a cheaper hotel which they would pay and then they would claim our costs back from Expedia. Can't help but think they are up to something. Left out on the street looking for an alternative hotel with NO money refunded. Luckily found a Premier Inn and received fantastic service.  Now to try and claim my money back. Not too hopeful. My advice is to avoid this hotel at all costs.  Other guests were at reception complaining about numerous matters, in some ways I think I had a lucky escape.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or310-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL,We arrived after a 4 hour journey to be told that our room had a leaking pipe! They would send a cab to take us to another hotel next door!! This cost £86 a night not the £189 we had paid!! They would claim the money back and book us the hotel - making a few quid out of it!! Then called us inpatient because we asked what was happening after half an hour of waiting!!!,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or315-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",It's as bad as they say!!,"I made the mistake of booking before reading the reviews. They are pretty accurate.  My room was small and sparsely furnished, 3 light bulbs dead, security lock mechanism on door removed, satellite TV defunct, drawer missing, window blind broken, tap loose on basin, extractor fan not working and due to exceptionally high water pressure, a shower head with a mind of it's own spraying everything in range.  All this for £199.00 per night! Wifi is available at just £12.99 a day! Breakfast extra. Reminiscent of a mid twentieth century Blackpool B&B, but with the pricing decimal point moved a place!!  No response from management to my comments to these issues as their sole objective seems to be to just take your money.  Generally very poor and I won't be going back.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or315-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly surprised!,"We booked this hotel for a party of 10 for my grandsons birthday, as my grandson is disabled, having read the reviews on this site after having booked it at a none refundable rate I was mortified and worried myself sick that I had made a big mistake, but as it was none refundable we had no option but to go ahead and stay at the hotel, we had all decided that as it was London we would be spending very little time in the rooms. We arrived quite late and decided we would just put our luggage in our rooms and go for something to eat, we had worried in unnecessarily, the rooms were of good standard and clean, the bathrooms were very modern and spotlessly clean, sufficient towels, beds were very comfortable and bedding clean, (not camp beds as stated in other reviews). One small…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or315-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't give these people your money,"I wanted to add my review of this hotel because it important that anyone considering staying here is furnished with some facts;  part of my job involves booking flights, hotels and restaurants all over the world on a daily basis, not to mention I travel as often as I can too, so I am at pains to point out that this is not a gratuitous 'slating' of the hotel, but an honest appraisal as provided to me by a work colleague for whom I booked this place.  I also work for a high profile London magazine and media company who I don't want to bring into this review by name, but who urged me to write this in fairness to others:  Firstly, I should have read these reviews - but I didn't.  I had quickly booked three colleagues, three rooms at short notice in a 'central London location, near…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or315-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,I had to stay one night and arrived quite late to check in. Receptionist requested payment even though I pointed out that my company did the booking and I did not have to make any payment at all. He was quite rude and not friendly. He then booked me into a lower ground room which had no windows. The room felt stuffy as there was no air circulation. The shower was faulty as it had water leaking through the pipe. The glass door could not shut properly so water was going everywhere on the floor. No hairdryer in the room. I could not get proper reception on my phone possibly due to the fact I was at lower ground level. Television was not working. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Considering that my company booked me into this hotel I did not really care but looking at the…,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or315-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling!!!!!,"I stayed in this hotel some months ago,and the carpet and floors had holes in them and the socket were hanging off the wall! A grotty pub toilet would have been more appealing and I swore never to return! Unfortunately somebody else booked me into this hotel, on arrival, had argument with receptionist as I didn't have photo I'd for my 'prepaid' room. Eventually,was given room key,entered room only to find it was already occupied( think occupant was in bathroom). Then given basement room with broken tv and sockets hanging off the wall! Totally traumatised! This is the worst hotel on earth,matched only by the appalling attitude of the staff. TRUST THE MANY BAD REVIEWS!!!!!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or320-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"Arrived in this smelly hotel to a horrible smell in hallway ,after coming out of rickety lift, then went into room to find a camp bed put beside double bed for three adults !!!! So I went to reception to tell them I was refusing to stay there , the receptionist kept referring tome as SHE , after I refused free breakfast for compensation !!!! On way out of room the handle fell off door , she said they had a few maintenance problems !!!! Don't stay there change your booking now , she then rebooked me in another hotel , only to find it was only for one night !!!!! We had to find another one ourselves , definately not happy .",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or320-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",I really don't know where to start...,"I was looking for an hotel close to Covent Garden, but didn't want to pay the extortionate sums being charged, so found this place just a ten-minute walk away.  Aside from having relatively friendly reception staff, location was about the only thing the Cheshire Hotel has in it's favour.  My expedia confirmation stated that breakfast was £9.99 and Wi-Fi was £9.99.  When I got to my room, the guest information stated that breakfast was £11.99 and Wi-Fi was £12.99 for 24 hours!  The décor in the rooms is very old-fashioned and this would be fine were it not for the incredibly hard beds, the wooden blinds at the windows that didn't fit or pull down fully, the bedding, which consisted of a sheet, a tatty blanket and a counterpane and the thinnest pillows I have ever seen.  This,…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or320-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Worse hotel ever,This hotel from the start was terrible. We walked in and where rudely greeted by a very arrogant French man who was more interested in his mobile phone then us. The room was nothing like the pictures. They say they have a bar it is never open. We checked in and 3 hours later checked out. And no refunds.  Do not stay ,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or320-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Shoddy Hotel,"The Cheshire Hotel was easy to find and centrally located especially for the British Museum. The room was small but the bed comfortable. The decor was very shoddy - things like light bulbs not working, blind not closing, skirting board falling off. The lift was rickety. There was a good shower in the bathroom and adequate towels. The main problem was a lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room. (we would have paid extra for these)  Not great value for money.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or320-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",good stay,"I would have given 5 stars only wifi was not free and the shower pressure was too much. my partner and I stayed for 3 nights and enjoyed our stay. although it was noisey there is nothing the hotel could do about this as they cannot keep people outside quiet, the reception staff were friendly and the room was clean. the hotel is in a good location for trains and buses and there is a lot of shops and bars within walking distance.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or325-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",VERY overpriced for what it is,"We stayed here for an evening in London with friends. For the amount we were paid, we were very disappointed. The hotel does not live up to the cost of what it was. We may have paid a higher price as it was a saturday night but it should have been how expensive it was. We had a twin room which is very very dated with a tiny bathroom. you could stand in one spot and touch all the walls without stretching. I would say a travelodge or such would be better stay for less money. Our bathroom was failing apart, holes under the bath and the lights didn't work in the main room either. VERY old fashioned way of keys (a big key you have to hand in when you leave at any point). The hotel needs to be updated and is in need of a lot of work.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or325-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The Cheshire hotel great for a night or two,"The Cheshire hotel was easy to find located in Great Russel Street , well located to tube trains and local shops, the hotel is safe and the rooms were fine beds had clean sheets, and showers room was nice and clean, plumbing was to be desired basin tape was broken and when I turned the tape on it moved, and the toilet flush button was broken and not fitted to the wall properly !!   There was also no tea a coffee making facilities I the rooms :-(  I have never been to. A hotel where there is nowhere to make a hot drink, neither was their a small fridge!  Rooms were boiling hot air conditioning was be a great idea to be put in the future.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or325-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",great location but under par in general.,"I've just had a one night stay at the Cheshire with my partner. We just wanted somewhere cheap and no frills to stay near soho and this hotel fitted the bill on location and price. We checked in a couple of hours early and the receptionist found us a room that was ready (102), unfortunately on getting to the room I found the bathroom was flooded so we headed back to reception to request a different room. The chap on reception was unapologetic but found us another room quickly, (504).   Room was small but clean. The ensuite bathroom unfortunately smelt mouldy however we decided to stick with the room, it was tired looking but ok for sleeping in. I found later that the shower cubicle was indeed very mouldy and this and the shower curtain was causing the smell. As we were staying…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or325-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Hotel,"We booked for our two director's from the USA to stay in this hotel in June, it was the worst hotel we have ever booked them into, cost did not match the standard we would have expected for the price, found the staff to be rude & unhelpful, our director's only stayed there for 1 night, we had booked them in for 8 nights originally, the only plus was that we got a refund for the nights they did not stay. We noted that the rooms were not very clean, bed linen was really bad and fire extingushiers wre out of date, reception area very nice, however this is no way reflects the rest of the hotel, which in my mind is a dump  Would not recommend this hotel at all.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or325-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Quick in and out,I didn't check in to the Cheshire till late but they were very helpful and accommodating. I stayed one night and it was perfect! Clean and a really nice hotel in an awesome location. I will stay there again!,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or330-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,My husband and myself stayed in the hotel for 5 nights. Hotel is well located within walking distance to nearly all the attractions in London. Shopping is five minutes walk into Oxford Street. Service is good and the staff very helpful.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or330-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely dreadful,"Stayed here for one night with work, £325 for one night.  Firstly they tried to send us to another hotel as they were over booked.  Then found me and my colleague rooms in their basement, no windows, complete fire hazard.  Televisions not working in either rooms or the bar, the bar had nothing in it....staff were friendly but absolutely clueless about customer service.  I would not stay here again if someone paid me too. ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or330-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Fire Trap and Filthy,"If I had not been jet-lagged and leaving at 7:30 the next morning for  the North, I  wouldn't have spent 5 minutes in this dump, much less a night. I was booked to stay there for 8 nights.   Filthy bedspread, blanket, carpet and window covering. Fire extinguishers out of charge. Was prepaid, but ultimately got a refund. Pictures helped.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or330-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful!,"Terrible place, the rooms are small and dirty and some are in the basement without windows (is that legal?) The Pakistani staff and owner are rude and very unpolite, the only good feature is the location but Its not worth it at all! For the same price you can get much better! Not recommended!",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or330-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",We enjoyed our stay!,"I had read previous negative reviews but was pleasantly surprised upon arrival, the outside of the hotel is very nice and there were fresh flowers in the sitting room off reception, the staff were welcoming and helpful, my son and I stayed last night whilst having a trip to London to see a show, our room was ready when we arrived and we were allowed to check in early so were able to leave our luggage, change and go out for a late lunch (Restaurant Taz, just up the road was excellent), the location of the hotel is brilliant for the theatre, a meal out and visiting attractions and well within the routes of the bicycle taxis which are great fun and we took back to the hotel from Maison Touareg, Greek Street, Soho for £10. Our room was clean and servicable, no mini bar/tea & coffee…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or335-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre hotel in great location,"Great location. Walked everwhere in Bloomsbury, Holburn and West End. Clean enough. Overpriced. have to pay extra for wi-fi. do not eat overpriced breakfast. Terrific Cafe Klea across the street with fresh squeezed orange juice and made to order omelettes by lovely couple originally from Albania--costs much less than hotel breakfast. Room was tiny and lock was broken and got only partially fixed. One reception clerk--a Greek student-- was very nice.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or335-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",It was probably nice in the 60's,"A very dated hotel that requires some TLC, no tea making facilities in the room but a draw with a hair dryer... 3/4 bed with ichy pink cotton cover. Broken blinds, taped up plug sockets and a leaky bathroom. My company paid for the breakfast which lacked bowls and milk for the cereal on offer so 9.99 for a bit of toast and bread wasn't great.. The location is its only saving grace however i would rather travel for 1/2 on the tube from a standard cheap hotel than stay here again. Shame as it has potentail with some moderisation",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or335-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",It had a roof,This hotel scores highly for location but that is all.  My room was on the 1st floor and the lift would arrive (with me inside) then stop dead and wait a between 10-60 seconds before opening.   The bed  and linen were clean.  The curtain was velco'd to the window which was an old sash window that overlooked the inner side of the hotel and contained numerous aircon units - despite the room having no aircon.  The bathroom was OK apart from a leak from the sink which flooded the floor by the toilet (on the opposite side of the room).  The welcome pack was very basic but contained - surprisingly in itself - 10 blank complaint forms.  The hotel staff seemed oblivious to their duty to their customers - though one at least did seem to try.   Tea and Coffee is falsely advertised and the…,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or335-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous !,"Stayed for two nights over the bank holiday weekend. On arrival we were casually told that we were to be put in  the basement room for the first night then moved to another room the next day "" if that was OK"" Man on reception looked really surprised when I said No actually that is not OK ! eventually got a room on 1st floor. Arrived at the room to find no tea and coffee making facilities - when I asked at reception I was informed that these were not provided. I pointed out that their web site states that they are - I was told nothing could be done and to fill out a complaints form. On further inspection  of the room I discovered a hole in the carpet by the bed, broken tap, toilet roll holder and bath panel in the bathroom, scuffed skirting boards and furniture all over the room.…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or335-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A Good Find,"Friendly, clean and good value. I got a very quiet small room and slept like a log: not often the case in London! Good location: an easy walk to the theatre and restaurants. Breakfast was good and served speedily. My only negative was having to pay extra for wifi. However, a tea room 50 metres away had free wifi!  I will use the hotel again.              ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or340-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",No option for no stars which would be the right number,"Total and utter shambles.  Staff wanted to check my identity by photocopying my credit card which is downright scary.  Lifts that shake and splutter.  Guests in front of me being told that there were electrical problems on floors and being sent elsewhere.  Strange light control, ie all lights on or off with various light switches which did not work.  Toilets not clean on arrival and it was too late to mess about going to another hotel.  To finish it off, I acquired some bites and did not even consider going to breakfast.  I have backpacked around the world to some interesting places but this is up there with my worst hotel experiences.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or340-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A nightmare for 3 nights,"Unfriendly staff. I asked for someone to check on my TV that did not work. There was no SKY card for the tuner. They did not care. I kept asking for 3 days in a row - nothing. The room was in the basement - no daylight, and I was with a six yrs old kid. The staff had to pass through our room to go to another room. They did not pay attention to my complaints. There was no toilet brush. After my complaints the staff (receptionists) even stopped saying hello to us.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or340-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A filthy disgusting mess. Don't stay there,"I stayed in the Cheshire On the weekend of the London Marathon. When we arrived we were immediately disappointed. Bedrooms was filthy, furniture was broken, bathroom was moldy, no tea/coffee making facilities ( even thought its on website that its provided), suppost to have satilite tv there was about 5 channels that worked and they were poor quality, the lift was very unpredictable, had bed bug bite marks after first night sleep. The reception staff were appalling, couldn't give a monkeys about any of our issues. After complaining several times i was told i could change rooms, i was given 2 sets of keys to pick my ""favorite"" room. These rooms were just as bad. To top it all off we had no water for the whole stay. After the first nights sleep we couldn't take the room any more…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or340-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible hotel, excellent location","The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is the location. With Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Road subway station, Soho and Covent Garden just around the corner it could not be located in a better spot. That however, does not make up for the poor standards of the hotel. On two of three days we only got one towel delivered to the room. There was a huge water leak from the bath-tub, which lead to my clothes on the floor being soaked. One day there was no hot water. The toilet did not flush properly, it had to be flushed several times. The hotelroom was very small and in severe need of an upgrade. There was no tea kettle, coffee maker or mini bar even though this was promised on the website. The elevator seemed to be falling apart, and did not appear safe to use.  Wi-Fi…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or340-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",There must be better than this,"Do not stay here unless it's a last resort !!!!!!!!! We booked and paid for a triple room, which was a twin with a third bed in it. It was so small we had to climb on each other's bed to get around the room. The ""third"" bed then collapsed when my daughter sat on on it. the breakfast looked terrible so we went out for breakfast. And to top it all off, they wanted £5.00 per bag to look after our bags for a couple of hours after we had checked out ....... Is is something all good hotels do for free. The bathroom was also dirty and old and the bed linen was straight from the 70's.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or345-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Seen better days,Hotel is basic and in need of a serious update. 2 lifts only 1 works but not very well. breakfast was mostly cold. DONT ASK THEM TO BOOK A TAXI - took 25 minutes to get an unmarked car with no meter with a driver who used a satnav on his phone. charged £13 for a £5 journey. If we knew where it was and one of us had not been on crutches we could have walked there in less time. staff were polite and friendly. bed was clean and comfortable and bathroom functional. lot of money for very little.,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or345-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The WORST hotel in London. Never stay at this dump!!,"I had to go to London to collect a visa. Only needed to stay one night and thought this would be an ideal hotel.  How wrong I was.  It's a dump, in fact I would rather have slept in the skip.  The whole hotel was dirty, grubby and in need of repair.  The room was very small and the furniture had seen better days long ago. The bathroom was as bad as the main room. The sower did not work properly, the sink was filthy along with the towels.  The window did not open, the blind ( there were no curtains ) was tacked on at the top and the only way to lift it was to tuck it into the top part of the window thus blocking half of it.  The breakfast was a joke. Asked if we wanted a cooked breakfast or continental. I opted for the cooked to be told I would have to pay extra.  I decided to…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or345-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL-,"When we arrived on Saturday - we were greeted by a man who didn't stop talking , rambling on about how there was a problem with the booking so we had to stay at another hotel for one night-apparently whatever the problem was it would still be okay to stay on the Sunday night! I had to pay for the Sunday night straight away- then wait for them to ship is over to the new hotel- I asked if they had try to contact me , they said it had just happened- whatever the problem was we certainly weren't going to be told! Being moved messed up our plans we wanted to be close to oxford street and also close to mile 24 of the London marathon as we were supporting friends and didn't want the stress of being too far from the end!!!  But any way we grinned and beared it - and arrived at tower…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or345-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"This hotel is terrible. And from looking at other comments I can see they aren't lying! We arrived at the hotel to be told that they did not have my booking. I had received an email direct from them confirming my booking and also had the reservation number with me, so I definitely booked. The lady then proceeded to be very patronising and making out like I was in the wrong. She claimed I should have printed off the email (not sure what that would do to help!!) and then kept asking whether I booked it through booking.com. No! booked it through the hotel which makes it worse. Anyway this went on for about 20 mins and I then had to pay again on card, not knowing if they had already taken the money or not. General rude attitude and didn't show us where to go.  Room was okay, but no…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or345-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Location for us,"We stayed here last night, the location was just ideal for us.  The room was small but we did have an extra bed in there for our son, it was clean and the shower was brilliant. All we wanted was a place to sleep which we got, and we're very happy with it. If you want breakfast DON'T go to Garfunkel's round the corner, got to Cafe Klea opposite at 14 Great Russell Street, really friendly, great cuppa and good food, the Salt Beef Sandwich was lovely.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or350-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers but worse!,"8 of us stayed here, all lads so booked 4 twin rooms. On arrival we were told they on had two twins as there had been a electrical problem?! 4 of us had to share two double rooms, the man on duty just didn't care nor see a problem. The room I stayed in was 405, iron burns on the carpet, tap not secured to sink in bathroom, grotty bed linens, tv from 1970 are just a few gripes, the room was so small we just had no room to move. Glad we only booked one night. In the morning there was no hot water, when I question the man from the check in about this, I was told it was because it was a Sunday!!! Then there's breakfast, well infact there wasn't.......tables are few a far between, at the time I was in there I counted 12 diners. No table was fully laid, no direction from staff as to…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or350-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Broken toilet, unhelpful staff","I have just returned from a one night theatre break in London staying at this hotel. Booked it due to convenient location BUT that was the best thing about it, apart from agreeing with all the other bad reviews here re room size, grotty bed spread, no tea and coffee to add to all that our toilet did not flush properly and the best the staff could advise was for us to use the communal toilet in the basement - we were on the FIFTH floor so this meant getting up and dressed early morning when nature called and taking the rickety lift down to the basement!!!! Would not stay there again someone said you get what you pay for but you don't even get that here....quite right.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or350-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Grotty - in need of refurbishment,"The hotel looks ok from the outside but when you step into the foyer you know that it's not going to be a great experience. Holes in wood panelling covered up with sticky back plastic and a distinctly worn look . We booked a triple room for a girly shopping trip over half term so choices of hotels last minute were limited. The lifts are shabby , carpet frayed in corridor and plugs hanging off the wall. A small double and a single bed had been squeezed in so the headboards looked ridiculous . Sockets didn't work, tap almost came off in hand and silicon round bath had cracked to show gaping holes. I could go on . My mistake being I didn't complain until the next morning so was told it was my fault . Nothing offered and to add insult to injury was told I had to pay £5 per bag to…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or350-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Brillant location. excellent experience,Didnt know what to expect with this as the reviews were mixed. Came here with my two friends (we are all mid twenties) and my mam. Booked two double rooms. Rooms were perfect. Enough space and storage for a comfortable stay. Very clean and room serviced every day.  Staff were a pleasure. Very friendly and extremely helpful. Arrived 4hours before check in with the intention of just dropping our luggage. Fella behind desk insisted that we get our rooms straight away.  Location wise i dont think you could get closer to a tube station. Its on the central and northen line. Oxford street is at the top of the road and plenty of things to do around it. Its a quiet hotel (no street noise). I would highly reccomend it and will definitely be back. Price was so cheap compared to other…,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or350-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel we have ever stayed in.,"Very close to the Dominion theatre and looks nice from the outside.. AND THAT'S WHERE IT ENDS !!!! . Felt uneasy in the lift, when we opened the room door, the carpet was thread bare from foot traffic. the room was tiny, double bed pushed against one wall. the springs on the matress, could be felt  on the suface and it squeaked with every move. WORST BED WE HAVE EVER SLEPT ON. the noise level from the road outside was bad to say the least. the shower flooded the bathroom floor.. booked it based on cost and location for theatre....... I know you get what you pay for..... but there is a limit...... and you don't even get what you paid for at the Cheshire hotel.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or355-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly surprised...,"This hotel is cheap, clean and the location is perfect. Despite the rickety lift and no tea and coffee facilities, the staff were friendly and efficient and our room ready half an hour before check in. Lovely break thank you.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or355-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"Friendly staff with a warm welcome.  Very good location, walking distance to most of the main attractions. Tube station not even a 5 min walk away. Room was cleaned with fresh linen and towels daily. Not the most modern of hotels, but is a comfortable place to rest after a busy day shopping and sightseeing.  Would recommend.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or355-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Claustrophobic!!,"We spent 1 night here as we were off to see a show... got a triple room for 3 adults and were directed by reception staff to the rickety lift which fit us 3 at a squeeze... only to find the lift doors would not open when we got to the third floor! - we took the stairs from then on! We paid for a triple room and found that our room only had 2 single beds. I complained at reception and they said they would put another bed in the room. The room was barely big enough to fit the 2 singles so I was shocked when they squeezed a camp bed in the doorway which we had to climb over to get anywhere and was ridiculous space for 3 ladies getting ready for a night out. The room was unbearably hot even after turning the radiator off and opening the windows, no tea and coffee service and duvets…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or355-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",What a shame,"On 1st appearance,  good central London position and nice looking building unfortunately this is then let down by our internal experience.  The room we booked was a double with ensuite for one night. The room we got was a basement room with double and single beds squeezed into it. There were no tea making facilities nor windows. The wifi did not work nor was there plug sockets in the right/sensible places! There were no emergency instructions in case of fire or evacuation.  We got to the basement using a lift and were not advised if there were stais at all. There were no instructions on how to contact reception even though there was a phone in the room. The shower was very powerful (good) but this was fitted in the bath and the screen was not big enough so the water went…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or355-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Unpleasant experience,"My friend came to visit me from US so I decited to book Cheshire hotel as it is in a great location and in a short time I will be able to show around as much as possible. Luckily we were busy runing around London all 3 days so I'm glad we were coming back to hotel late nights (or mornings actually) and leaving in a mornings as a double room was so small that our suitcases were took all the space. I've been traveling a lot and I never seen even single room of this size. I can not believe that they call it double room.  More then that, it was a pain to take a shover, water were keep changing temperature instantly from boiling hot to cold. It is not just unconvinient but even dangerous I would say.  The worse part is just to come. Then I booked the hotel the payment was…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or360-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",No Services,"The hotel has no services whatsoever. The wifi was not working during our stay which lasted 5 days. Although the website mentioned that wifi is free, they wanted to charge us for using it if it worked. The check-in is late and the check-out is very early 10:00 am. They charge you extra money if you want to leave your luggage in their safety locker (5 pounds per luggage). It is not so clean and extremely old.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or360-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A good place for a weekend visit,"We booked this hotel at Easter with a view to travelling to London from Manchester to see Mamma Mia. My 15 year old daughter and I had a lovely time . The hotel room was ready on our early arrival, the room was clean and adequate only could have done with tea and coffee making facilities. We stayed two nights and the room was serviced to a good standard. We paid extra to have a full English breakfast which I think should be included in the price. It is in a good location for theatreland and shopping. I would stay here again but would negotiate the price.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or360-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Pleasantly surprised, after reading bad reviews. Good basic hotel","Stayed 1st November, as going to see Matilda at the theatre. Wasn't looking forward to staying after reading the poor reviews. But how wrong- my room was small but clean. The staff went out of their way to help. My tv wasn't tuned in so a lady came and sorted that out straight away. I wanted 3 extra pillows, they were brought straight away too. The shower was powerful and the water hot. The bedding was clean and smelt fresh. Staff were cheerful, room clean. I'd stay here again! ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or360-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",really bad dirty and no refund,my husband booked this for my birthday and the photos on the web look nice but when we got there we had 3 beds in the room when we booked a double the bathroom was dirty  the chair was dirty  we emailed booking.com and they pass the buck so we then emailed the hotel and they not got back to us ether we feel very let down from both companys,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or360-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cheshire Hotel and Suites London TERRIBLE,"I recommend no one to reserve a room at this hotel. I called in advance to advise about my late check in but when I arrived the hotel was fully booked. The room we got was down in the basement located next to the staffs toilet and the kitchen. The room had no windows and the bed was horrible, the toilet was leaking, had no toilet seat and the mirror was broken. The TV did dot work and etc. When the management was approached with these problems in order to sort this out, the attitude we got was very unprofessional. The hotel staff was very rude and did nothing to sort this out. He refused to give us refund and did not apologize for the inconvenience that we had to face. The following day we got the room we originally reserved but it was not much better.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or365-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",An unfortunate experience,"The room was dangerous and they did not seem to care. He floor was really slippery and the shower head was ridiculous. My husband slipped on the floor in his haste to save me from getting scolded in the shower, which I was, he suffered severe bruising and cuts and his right knee is still painful to walk on. They need slip mats in the shower,the shower did not drain properly. The tv did not work all night and they said there was nothing they could do. The bedspread had stains all over the inside cover. We did not sleep well and couldn't wait to get out of there. ",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or365-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking hotel in a great location,"The smallest room I have ever stayed in without question. Over priced and breakfast wasn't included. After waiting for ten minutes in the tiny dining room to be served I gave up and went over the road to a local cafe, much better idea. Despite it's desirable location I would rather pay extra to travel a bit further out of town and stay in a better hotel for a similar price. Avoid is my advice!!",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or365-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","The staff made it all, ( one of them)","The room was small and need refurbishing. The water in the bathroom is with high pressure. The hotel itself looks tired but the staff were good. If you need some sunshine in the rainy London season, please visit the cheshire, the female indian receptionnist during DAY Time is excellent, she has a top class customer service and a beautiful smile .... She knows how to value her guests... Hats off young lady...",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or365-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE even if your only other option is a bus shelter,"BED BUGS, BED BUGS, BED BUGS! enough said however I'll continue. I would not even wish my recent experience at the Cheshire Hotel, upon my worst enemy.  Upon arrival, we were moderately disappointed, the place is shabby, old and staff, particularly the manager, were uninterested, unhelpful and rude.  Yes, it has a great location as does the bus shelter out the front. We only needed a safe, clean and comfortable place to rest our heads, unfortunately it wasnt even that! After spending all day exploring the city, firstly, because that was our plan, secondly because the room was soooo tiny, soooo hot and had no ammenities, leaving us no choice to be able to relax in our room. There was no aircon, no coffee/tea in room, no hairdryer, no wifi, smashed panel in bath, i think that…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or365-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Only if you're desperate,"I stayed here for my last 3 days in London.  I was disappointed straight away because I was there in the heat wave (yes you heard me correctly - it lasted for weeks!) and they had no air-conditioning although I was forgiving on that as most places, particularly the older buildings, don't have air-con in London.  My room was tiny, the  bed stiff as a board with only 2 very worn and flat pillows available. The various amenities that were supposed to be in the room didn't exist ie. no mini bar, no hair dryer nothing.  The water pressure in the shower was good but the flush button on the toilet was broken. There was only one power outlet, the carpet was badly frayed both in the room and the hall, only one of the two ancient lifts was working and the wood paneling - which was…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or370-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Average Hotel in Excellent Location,"After reading some of the horrendous reviews I was expecting and prepared for the worst, however our one night stay at the end of July was fine. We arrived early at 11am and our room was not ready. Pleasant receptionist took our bags and we headed off for sightseeing. We came back around 4pm to a room that was adequate for our needs. Yes its by no means luxurious but it was clean and served its purpose. We showered and went back out around 6pm and didnt return until after the show had finished. Staff on reception were friendly and efficient. We assumed our breakfast was included (we booked through 3rd party) and proceeded to breakfast area where we had a good (not great) English breakfast. We told the waitress our breakfast was included (as we assumed) and she checked us off on…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or370-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","One Night, Good Enough","The Cheshire Hotel wasn't as bad as I was expecting after reading the recent reviews. It was all I could find in the neighborhood on short notice, and it did the job.  My room was tiny, the carpet was stained, and the wifi was barely functional.  However, the location is great, the bed was comfortable, and the front desk staff was courteous and helpful. The water pressure in the shower was phenomenal, a rare treat for a London hotel.   There was a room ready for me even though I arrived early; I can overlook a lot of minor quibbles with a good nap after an all-night flight.    For what it costs, it's a decent value.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or370-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","A horrible, unpleasant place to stay","I booked to stay here recently. What a mistake that was. In my opinion the staff were very rude and useless. The rooms were a disgrace, the first room I was given, I would of had a panic attack it was that bad If I would of had to of stayed here, to then be moved to another which was just as bad. In the end I ended up having to leave the hotel due to it being a disgrace.. Would strongly recommend not to stay here!!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or370-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Stay at hotel Cheshire,Very convenient location. Hotel room was very small and a little tatty. Bathroom sink was blocked and toilet seat loose. No air conditioning in hotel so convenient location results in lots of outside noise in the evening with bedroom windows open which is essential due to high unconfortable room temperature. ,Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or370-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Sleepless Nights,"Booked this hotel as it did look to be clean, comfortable, and with a nice large comfortable reception and bar on the internet advert. On arrival, reception was very tiny, no lounge or bar. Female staff greeted us pleasantly, staff after that seemed unconcerned. No teamaking facilities were provided. Room reasonably clean. Visitor info. book in room was way out of date on prices etc. But worst was the noise during the night. Could not wait for the night to be over as hardly slept due to lorries delivering/collecting laundry etc etc during night, traffic, sirens going, loud shouting and so on with people coming out of pubs, night clubs, theatres, near by.  We may as well have been sleeping, or trying to, outside. Would definitely not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or375-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",a dreadful experience,"A  most dissapointing place hotel, we were given a ground floor room no natural light even though we requested a room with a good view. We asked for another , then found someones suit case in the cuboard thought it may have been sheets or pillows but on looking it was someones case.We phoned reception they were not apologetic then put back into the cellar, how discusting.The room didnt come with mike on tea and coffee guy on reception was very unhelp ful in getting any for us.All the staff were rude no goodmornings or goodbyes when leaving,the room was very bady made, shaver point upside down, sink loose on the wall.No light swich or table near the bed. The worst hotel I have ever stayed at, oh yes and the blinds were think with dust , dreadful place",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or375-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Appauling!!!!!,"We booked this hotel as the pictures on the internet seemed ok....How foolish!! We should have dug deeper. on arrival the reception area looked lovely, warm and cosy nice furniture etc. BUT.. as soon as you pass reception, skirting boards and wallpaper are tatty, the lift creaked . We were given a room on the top floor . We opened the door and could not believe our eyes! The carpet was torn and threadbare, the furniture was worn and scratched, the bedding had cigarette burns and looked like something out of the sixties cheap polyester bedding, the panel of the bath was smashed in. I stood in shock not believing my eyes. We turned round straightaway and went back to reception. We explained the state of the room was completely unacceptable . We were given another room on another…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or375-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",How to run a cheap hotel profitably,"•	Buy/lease a building. Decorate pillars with gold paint. Put up plastic sign.  •	Charge a high price.  •	Employ very few, young foreigners with moderate grasp of local language and pay them very little.  •	Don't renovate.  •	Leave the wallpaper peeling off the walls.  •	Have staff say ""there's a problem with the  internet in the rooms"" when really you have only installed one router in the reception.  •	Have very small rooms. You will put in mini furniture and ensure banging of shins which keeps guests out of rooms saving on wear and tear and TV watching which uses electricity.  •	Save more on electricity:  Ensure all plug points are burnt out. Guests won't want to recharge phones or computers running up unnecessary costs.  •	Don't install  air conditioning. For air, leave the…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or375-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Small room but wonderful location,"I had to be near Charing Cross Road for two days so this was perfect. The room was small but hot, but then so was the weather. Could have done wit coffee-making facilities and more pillows but apart from that I found everything fine, all staff very pleasant, room clean, shower room impressive, continental breakfast more than adequate and good hot coffee. Dining room has good street view.The building is old but not decrepit and I was satisfied with the budget price I paid. Would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or375-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Warning for other visitors to London,"Looking forward to a 2night stay in London for a  reunion and catching up with a great friend who  I hadn't seen for a while. I arrived at the hotel early but there wasnt any where to wait for a room or my friend to arrive ,there was only a breakfast room that was being refurbished?,so I waited in a cafe next door .After an hour or so I went back to the hotel they said one twin room was ready, room 104.The room was small more suitable for single occupancy the furniture was old and scratched ,the carpet was worn with large bald patches,skirting ,radiators filthy I didnt even look in the bathroom, I couldn't believe this would be offered for hotel accomodation,I refused the room and another was offered room 204,same size room equally poor standard.I couldn't stay in it . My friend…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or380-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not great - but to be expected for the location and price,"I stayed here for one night on business, and after reading the reviews I wished my company had booked me in somewhere else. However, after staying there, all I can say is that it's not quite as bad as I'd feared. On the positive side, the location is excellent - just a couple of minutes' walk from Oxford street. Taking into account the location and the price (£108 for a single room with breakfast for one night), one can't really expect the Ritz. £108 will get you a much better night elsewhere in the UK but for central London it's not bad. I found the staff very friendly and the room was a decent size for one person. On the negative side, it wasn't very clean - dirty carpets and the bed sheets didn't smell great. The bathroom was tiny and quite hard to move around in (and I'm…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or380-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Good for one night,"When i read the reviews on this website I was doubting if I should of reserved a room or not, but the location seemed good which helped choose this hotel.  The bad things about this hotel is that the rooms are small like a lot of people commented, the TV doesn't work. The shower kept on leaking all night, I personally think that the price was too much for one night only. However the Hotel does have good things, one of the things i really liked was that in the morning i went to have some breakfast and the two young girls made me feel very welcome and comfortable. They were kind and caring, they explained the two different kind of breakfast, they also offered coffee, tea or toast and kept checking if I was okay with everything. I really liked the breakfast even though they were…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or380-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a disgrace!!!!,"Recently stayed here for one night, room seemed ok! Until we realised we were crawling with ants in our beds and up the walls! They refused to change our rooms, until they noticed I was pregnant! To which they then responded with fitting two of us in a 3/4 bed in the basement, with a flooding shower, and no working telly or heating! Tried to contact the manager both in person and over the phone for 4 days now! No response from him, although he is aware of the issue and promised to get back days ago! Never stay here! It's a disgrace!! ",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or380-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,This place really is awful - carpet was so worn you could see the floor boards - stay clear ! There was nowhere to have your breakfast as the hotel was getting decorated - it really should have been closed down for the refurb.  No tea or coffee facilities. single room was tiny. checked out a day ealry as it was unbearable.,Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or380-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Dont stay Here,Stayed for  2 nights and could not wait  to check out. Hotel looks very nice from outside but inside tells another story.We had  a room with double bed.The bed was no more  than 4 feet and was right up against  the wall. Room was so small you could hardly get the two of us in it at the same time. Furniture was dark and gloomy and window  blind was broken so you could hardly get light in easily.When you showered the floor got very wet.Shower over the bath. Staff were fine,Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or385-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING horrible and down right shabby!!,AWFULL first I was greeted by a not so welcoming member of the reception staff. Then my phone in the room did not work for room service ! I had to go down to reception twice just to get a coffee then I had to carry it myself. Breakfast I was ignore for 15 mins. And had to stand in the breakfast room as all the tables was full of dirty crockery!   Complained to the manager regarding this and his reply was why didn't you sit down . I wasn't happy with my room the chair was faulty. The loo seat was hanging off. The manager said I could move rooms but that wasn't my point. His attitude was. So of the morning of my check out. I came down the stairs with my case and there was nails on each step it ripped my case to bits. I asked for a refund and was shouted at by the manager and that…,Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or385-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Claims to provide amenities that are not provided,"1. Unable to control the temperature n the room which was like a sauna; 2, No tea or coffee making facilities; 3. Not only did the TV not provide satellite stations it did not work properly; 4. There is was no access to WiFi or a data point in the room.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or385-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",avoid at all costs!,"The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the young staff are friendly and do try to help but are obviously constrained by the management! In our first room, the so called ""double bed"" was the smallest I had ever seen! The heating was stuck at on and the room was like a sauna, the tv didn't work properly. After one night, we requested a room change which had to wait 24 hours till they had a room for the rest of our stay. Unfortunately, we were there for 7 days! :( The second room had twin beds but one of them had lumps as if the springs were coming through, the tv worked after a fashion but only basic terrestrial channels but at least the heating controls worked!  The towels and bedding were clean but this hotel is badly in need of being closed down and renovated to…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or385-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden Gem,"Tucked away just off Tottenham Court Road, this is in an ideal location. The hotel is a little run down, only one elevator working (And that was a bit dubious, clanking and grinding) but the room we had was very comfortable, clean and quiet.  The price wasn't exactly cheap (£138 one night) BUT, it was a triple room and it was walk in rate, so I should imagine there are deals to be had on this place. It's not a hotel you would probably want to spend masses amount of time in but for the location it's in it's ideal for Oxford Street, Soho,(South of Oxford Street just so you know) Noho (North of Oxford Street if you didn't know) and Fitzrovia with it's many trendy bars and restaurants, and no taxi fares back to the hotel as its all walking distance. Truly one of London's surprises.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or385-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",One day hotels like this will not exist,"As others have said it is a great location. And to be fair my experience of the staff was quite good. That said, the manager was surly and unwelcoming. I asked for - and got - a kettle to make some tea from one of the two young women working the front desk. My windowless, basement room, G6, was better than i had feared, but the TV was not working so I transferred to 306 but guess what? The TV was not working! Then i looked at the bedspread. It was old, stained and frankly was not a bed that anyone would want to sleep in. So it was back down to G6. Both rooms are billed as triples. 306 cannot take three people. To be fair, despite the windowless room, bedlinen was new and clean and the bathroom bright and fairly well appointed. In the morning i asked to leave a bag and the two…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or390-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing,"My boyfriend booked a night here as a birthday treat last December so we could stay up in London after seeing a show. After reading the reviews on here, I was worried about our stay. When we arrived we were kept waiting 10mins while the man on reception was speaking on the phone in a foreign language, obvious from his body language and expression that he was talking to a friend and not a potential hotel guest. There were dead flowers in the reception - not a good sign. We were eventually taken to our room - the majority of guests were upstairs in rooms, we were taken downstairs to the basement. The number on the key did not correspond with the number on the door. The receptionist had great trouble opening the door as it was sticking really badly. On our way down to our room we…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or390-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",If you need a bed and don't want to pay more than 100 GBP,"This hotel is good for a night, when you are tired and go directly to bed as it is really small, dark and it seems the walls are made from cartoon, you hear everything, i woke up several times because of clatter. But the room is clean and has a bathroom with a warm shower, tv and 2 big mirrors what is actually good. Location is perfect.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or390-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",It's not as bad as other reviews are making out!,"Ok so it's not the height of luxury, its main problem is that it needs a good bit of money spending on it but it's clean and for a one night stay is perfectly adequate. Very handy location for Oxford st shopping and we will rock you is round the corner at the dominion theatre which is why I chose to stay here. Cons: Room fairly small, no tea or coffee facilities as may have been advertised, constant running water coming from bath tap (but hey I'm not paying the water bill so who cares?!). Pros: location, comfy bed (although soft), seemingly clean (but I'm not one to go inspecting too deeply incase I find something I'd rather not see!), good size bathroom, free toiletries, good tv, wardrobe space, extra pillows in wardrobe. You have to hand your key in to reception every time you…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or390-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",YUKKKKKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!,"this hotel is minging !!!!!! whatever u do , do NOT stay here ! i am a travel agent and i would not send anybody to this hotel ! i booked it as its central and i dont really mind where i stay as long as i have some where to sleep but my god it was awful! first of all they bring us down to the basement to a room with no window and not a bit of coverage on our phones, then they moved us up stairs as i demanded a diffrent room! the wallpaper is falling of walls because of the dampness in the hotel, the smell is isgustin and the staff are as rude as anything !!!!!! we asked cold they hold are bags for 3 hours as we had to check out at 10am and they tried to charge us 5pound per bag, never heard of it in my life ! absolutely shocking not to mention the manager of the hotel ......…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or390-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, as for the hotel it was like fawlty towers!!","Arrived at the hotel, very small reception... with no bar as mentioned on the website. My partner had booked it due to it being a double room with Valentines package. Offer included Breakfast, box of chocolates, fruit basket, free wi-fi and Flowers. We were given our key and was told it was on the top floor, as soon as i stepped into the lift i thought oh no whats going on, the lift was old and rickety. When we got to our room the door lock had some poly filla around it, we walked in and to my HORROR all i could smell was mould, the room was a box sized room, with a double bed squeezed in it, i walked into the bathroom which was worse,  there was mould all over the ceiling above the bath,  all round the rim of the bath, the bath panel which was wood had fallen off and the toilet…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or395-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Position .  Shame about the Hotel.,"Arrived at Hotel to be told check in was not until 3 pm, no problem, asked if we could leave luggage and told it would cost £5. After saying we would go to another hotel was told they would sort it. Returned later to check in, given room on second floor, very small but on the surface ok.  Two lifts, one out of order.  Room was practical albeit small, water pressure extremely high , flooded the bathroom twice. Walls are very thin, and you can hear fellow occupants in their rooms. Breakfast was a farce, arrived and sat down, had pre booked continental , 2 pieces of sweaty cheese, 2 pieces of curled up ham was all that was left.  No croissants, asked waiter and informed that he was waiting for them.  15 minutes later we walked out!!.   Evidently the oven had broken but nobody…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or395-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Booking didn't exist,"WI stayed here in summer.  On the phone was told we were being given the biggest room in the hotel, but what a joke.  It was NOT the room we had been promised, and was tiny.  This was eight months ago, but we booked here again because we only wanted one night and it has such a handy location.  We should have taken the warning, because that first visit was ten thousand times better than our latest stay in November, when we didn't.  Stay that is. We arrived (in the pouring rain) to be told that the agent shouldn't have booked us because at the time of booking the hotel was already full.  So did they offer us a hotel within the statutory ten minutes walk?  No - they offered us a Holiday Inn at a ""half hour's drive"" away.  Fantastic, when we were due to meet people for a meal just…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or395-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Good for one night.,Booked online which was easy. Good location for Leichester Square and other shows. Rooms are small but if your only staying for a night they are what you need. Overall nice stay but dont expect too much. ,Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or395-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't take someone you like!!!,"This is a really terrible hotel - looks great in the pictures, but the rooms are small and in real need of a re-fit - we were on the 5th floor - you could hear the lift every time somebody used it...the staff are unhelpful and just see clients as a cash cow!!!   To add insult to injury we needed to leave a small bag after we checked out to collect later and they charged us £5.00  ... GREEDY HOTEL ... AVOID!!!",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or395-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Worst yet Byth eto!,"Where do I start?  Room not ready until 3pm - room for 3 meant single and double beds although we were three women and asked for three singles.  Had to pay £5 to leave baggage in a cupboard, which we refused (oh, and you had to store it yourself and open and close it with a key - there are no porters in this hotel!)  Central heating didn't work but they had 2 small plug in heaters.  The phone in the room didn't work.  Crack in the bedside lamp.  No bedside cupboard for two people.  Carpet had horrible holes and marks - investing in a rug would at least cover the worst bits.  Curtains came down/stuck with velcro.  Very draughty windows.  Toilet roll holder broken.  Water didn't go down plughole for ages. One lift not working.  Loose tiles in bathroom.   Small room and although…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or400-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE,Stayed at this hotel 17th november 2012 Hotel is very basic with a noisy and jerky lift. room was tiny not much room to move around. after going out for the evening we returned to the hotel we pulled back the duvet cover to find crumbs and a hair in the bed completly unacetable. horrible. shower had a curtain that stank of body odour. expensive hotel would not stay here again only good thing about this hotel was it being within walking distance to thearte.,Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or400-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Overprised and overrated!,"The Cheshire has a fantastic location in close vicinity to the theatre district, piccadilly, oxford street and all there is. That's all. The rooms are small and needs refurbishment. The female staff are very friendly and service minded, but the males are only after your money. Blood price for internett access which today is complemantary in most hotels. to charge 5 pounds to store a bag for a few hours after check out is lack of service! Find another hotel.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or400-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Too expensive, too old interior, rooms are noisy and small, waste of money. Staf did not recognise My reservation..... Etc. Would not advice  it, there are better and cheaper hotels close  by.  My secretary made the reservation but for a next visit, I would rather use Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or400-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend!,"Stayed at the Cheshire and on arrival found the man on reception very rude, his manner did not improve over the weekend! Poor breakfast and no facilities e.g. Bar, restaurant. Had to pay £5 to store a piece of luggage in a courtesy 'cupboard' After 5pm you were then charged an hourly rate on top of initial cost. Add that to the price of breakfast and we could have stayed at the Savoy for cheaper!! ",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or400-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A miserable stay,The rooms were cramped and dated.  The heating didn't work.  The television didn't work.  A refund was promised but none materialised.  There was no restaurant.  Problems were reported a number of times before anyone came to see whether they could sort it.  ,Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or405-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",?,"The room was clear, little (especially near the toilet) and or that reason expensive. The hotel is very good situated.   When we the hotel there was a lot of smell of painting through the whole hotel.   Service? The men at the reception could greet us when we came in and out, but they did not.. ",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or405-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Quite a shock,Small pokey dark and dingy. Rusty marks in the bath and holes in the carpet. Not quite as bad as mentioned in previous reviews so perhaps they are trying to improve. Terrible smell of paint and glue as they struggle to make a bar/lounge area. Staff not exactly unfriendly but feeling their way. Grossly overpriced considering the lack of facilities,Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or405-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Location - Friendly - Helpull -Charming but Small rooms - one small issue,I arrived at the Hotel - and told the only room had no windows - they were really nice - The room looked ok - but no windows - when I explained there was no mobile reception  and I needed to work they found me another room - small but worked perfect - I like windows and air - so that was a bonus.   Breaky was good and again the staff were very friendly more that you would get in a large hotel.  It is not the best hotel but I would stay again.   The location was brilliant,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or405-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not good,Upon arriving I was told my room wasn't available and that a room at another hotel had been arranged. Not a good start. I specifically asked the question if the room at new hotel was of the same type and was assured absolutely that it was. This turned out to be a blatant lie. Upon arriving at the second hotel I found this out and so refused to take the room. I took the manager at the Cheshire to task over this and although he was courteous enough on the phone the end result was take it ot leave it which meant that the Cheshire refused to help. So I found myself on the street at 8pm on a  Saturday night phoning around hotels myself to find an appropriate room. All in all I'm extremely dissapointed in the Cheshire and would not recommend it. ,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or405-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Service was terrible, lift didn't work and the wallpaper was coming off the walls with holes in the ceiling.. Room was very small and bedding was dirty and low quality",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or410-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A place to avoid,"Looking for a shabby, over priced hotel run by unfriendly and really unhelpful staff? Then this is your place. There were no tea/coffee facilities in the poky bedroom (triple room), the fridge was empty, breakfast dire and expensive, the lifts temperamental and the fire exit inaccessible (?). Receptionist was rude and unaccommodating. It was generally a very unpleasant place to stay.  I've had better B&B's for a fraction of the cost.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or410-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Quiet place, central and convenient","Pretty average place, nothing to write home about. Room clean, but everything a bit faded; pillows extra slim and inadequate. Reasonable price for London and nice and quiet located near Tottenham Court Road and the British Museum",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or410-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Cheshire hotel, London- I do not recommend this hotel!!!","I was very suprised when I open the door to the hotelroom, I have paid a lot for this and the doboule room was very small and thight. The were no sitting group for relax and no place for mooving around. We had to sit on the bed. The shower in bathroom was terrible, water were running all ways. Every day when we went through reception the receptionist had a lot of discussion with other quesst which were unsatisfied with the internet connection, terrible rooms etc. So please do not book this hotel!!!",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or410-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite as expected,"The room was quite small. Well- you get what you pay for. The room was described from Easybook as one with water boiler, minibar - no such thing. The toilet was not functioning - could not be flushed. The springs in the mattress was covered with only a very thin layer of fabric. To keep warm during the night, we had one sheet and one blanket to share. Well - we complained about the toilet and got another room, small but very well compared to the first one. This was not a hotel for a vacation. We will have to read the terms much closer the next time. And perhaps pay the double.......",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or410-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"I stayed 2 nights in this hotel and I have to say that it was too expensive for such a bad quality. First the wi fi does not work at all and you have to pay 13pounds to use it 24h... Secondly you have to pay 5pounds for leaving your luggages in the reception. Finally, if you are late of 1 hour for checking out you will have to pay 10 pounds per hour... The rooms are old, I found hairs in the bathroom... Most of all the two lifts are broken so you have to wait 5 min for the door to open, which is very scary. Except the location, everything is bad. ",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or415-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Preferable to sleeping rough......just,"Istayed here for a business trip and had to find a hotel last minute. Result: this place. Old fashioned decor, absolutely tiny rooms, sweltering hot, tatty interior, ill-mannered and surly reception staff and a window blind held up with Velcro!!!! When I say a tiny room, i mean really small. You have to contort yourself to get out of the bathroom and walk between the bed and the desk and you even have to do the same to get in the lift. WiFi was only available in reception also. I would try to book earlier next time to avoid ending up somewhere like this again.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or415-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel in central London,Ok hotel just a two minutes walk from Oxford Street and underground station Tottenham Court Road. God breafast and kind staff. Not the best room but worked ok. The shower in one of our rooms did not work properly. We had a god stay.,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or415-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",don't you dare to stay in cheshire hotel,"we reservated the hotel by booking.com. just when we arrived and recieved the room we understood hy it was a non refund reservation. the room was awfull, the carpets were old, toren and and staind, the paint on the walls was peeling, the sink was blocked and the water hardly flewed threw, you had to use power to close the tap, just one small towel for a person. The metrus is old and not comfortable, no air condition; and also, it was a room, 1’st floor above the street corner with old windows - on 5am we already have woken up by the high noise of the trash trucks and then the busses.  the hotel did mot pass any renovation for years. and the pricess - like in a 5 stars hotel. if you want to have a nice vacation, don't you dare to go to cheshire",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or415-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",small,"The rooms were small, clean and a bit too hot and ecpensive. It was a bit overpriced though, which is probably because of the olympics. Location was great. ",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or415-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Olympic weekend,"The room was clean, the shower was very good, the staff were pleasant and the location was handy.  There were no other good points.  The room was tiny, the carpet was threadbare, the wallpaper and the tiles were coming away from the walls, the furniture was scruffy, the soft furnishings were grubby, there were no tea / coffee facilities in the room, wi-fi was a paid for extra! We would not stay there again - grossly over priced.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or420-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"When I arrived at the hotel, the reception staff asked me to show some form of ID. I have stayed at a large number of hotels throughout the UK and have never before been asked to show ID when checking in. However, I had my driving licence with me, so showed them that. One of the reception clerks took it into an office behind the reception desk and was clearly about to make a photocopy of it. I had to make it very clear that I was not prepared to allow this and insist that he give me back the licence.   The room was cramped, with only a tiny window. Instead of a proper curtain there was a piece of cloth attached to the top of the window frame which dropped down over the window and natural light could only be obtained by folding this cloth and resting it on the frame. A broken…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or420-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",THE TRUTH,"The Cheshire Hotel is an appalling insult to the travellers that use it, we booked two rooms in August having seen the professional photos etc, but what we found was far from the ""professional view""......the building is being renovated while guest are booking rooms.  The reception has wires and cables exposed and only chairs for four people at any one time, the passage to the lifts is very narrow with bare plaster boards over a doorway and so narrow that with cases it is impossible to pass, in this area are two of the smallest and crankiest lifts I have been in so I used the stairs with its thread bare carpet and pollyfilla patched up walls. On the individual floors in the lobbies the Wall paper is hanging off the walls in sheets with no attempt to make good, we were on the…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or420-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Hotel I've stayed in !!!!!,"The hotel is shabby with wall paper coming off the walls in the corridors, doors with plater board nailed over them and lifts that only worked occassionaly. Our room was a single but with a double bed squeezed into it. It was so small  that we had to STEP OVER the bed side cabinet to get into the room. There is no air conditioning in the rooms which are very warm so you have to open the windows so you just get all the noise from the city - police sirens etc. all night long so forget getting a good nights sleep. The curtains are velvroved to the window frame with no way of raising them so you cant get any natural light in your room. When I turned the shower on in the morning the water pressure was fiece that the shower head (which was not the correct one for the wall fitting)…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or420-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby, in poor repair - wouldn't stay again","I was first offered a room on the ground floor - I didn't want to take this as there would have been more road noise and don't like the thought of being in a ground floor room as a single female traveller.  The room I did end up in was barely any better, I'm very relieved not to have had to stay more than one night.  Bathroom fittings were cracked and the lighting was very dingy.  I don't expect tons of space in a London hotel but I do expect fixtures to be in good repair - the blind at the window was broken, the window didn't fit the frame properly and consequently when the bins were emptied at the opposite hotel the following morning, I got a rude awakening! There was also a broken shelf in the room. Decor definitely past it - it looked like it hadn't been touched in the past…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or420-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Paper thin walls,"They may have been taking advantage of the Olympics to gouge a bit deeper but I had a tiny dark room with no proper curtains. Internet was not paid, though the hotel was expensive, and breakfast was not included. The walls were like paper. On the positive side, there was a lovely new bathroom, and the location was very convenient to the tube, shopping, etc.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or425-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"This hotel is (in my opinion) just OK. The overall condition of the hotel really needs to be updated. The carpets are pretty worn out and the ""lift"" is pretty small. However the staff was very helpful. The first night we were there, we had three adults in a very small room. The room consisted of a double bed and a cot. Needless to say that would not work. When we went to talk to the staff, they said that the next night we would be able to change rooms. The new room we were given was much nicer ( a double bed and a single bed) and quite large as it was a corner room. On a positive note you really cannot beat the location. It's only blocks to the Went End area and Soho.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or425-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","""A dark and shabby hotel""","Visited London for a meeting near Holborn tube station. Was for 5 nights at this hotel (June 2012). Once arrived, room not ready at all, have to wait long time.  Front desk staff barely friendly, and some of them ill and informally dressed.  Got a single run in the first floor, beside the lift, dark, noisy and small. Wifi internet very expensive (ridiculous!) and extremely poor signal (a shame!). No cable/satellite TV. Only 7 local channels. No soap in the WC and no hot water one day. Did never get tone to make a local phone call. The positive: excellent location and outstanding breakfast. That´s it. In sum, this hotel barely sucks.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or425-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",one day in London,"Single Room, but very tiny also not much oxygen in the room and high temparature. The elevators are also needs to be replaced.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or425-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Fooled in London,"I reserved in Cheshire Hotel, when we were doing the check in they told us that due to some  plumbing problems we were going to placed in other hotel, and we went to Royal National, what a disaster. Apparently this is a normal procedure for the Cheshire Hotel, as one staff member told us, they overbook the hotel as a regular procedure, because there was no problems with the plumbing at the Cheshire Hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or425-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you payed for,"When we arrived, the room did not meet the description in the booking. We tried to get in touch with someone responsible trough the whole stay without sucess. A couple of the receptionists tried their best, but obviously did not have the power to make decisions.  We had a nice stay in London, but it could have been better regarding the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or430-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Visit to London,"The welcome was very nice. Very cheerful and friendly staff.  I only wanted the room for one night for myself and my 4 year old grand daughter so it was perfectly adequate and well placed for what I wanted to do.  The room, although clean, was a little shabby.  The bath panel was broken, it had a hole in it. The beds were clean and comfortable.  I would use the hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or430-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",cheep hotel in london,"I was away on business in Holburn London. this was the only hotel available in the area, i  stayed there 3 nights i was not impressed with this hotel the room was very small and noisy the view from the window was of a brick wall. On the positive side it was cheap, breakfast was Ok, it is close to Holburn station which means getting around is easy.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or430-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN,"Usually I'm too lazy to leave a review, but not this time... Horrible hotel, i booked it because my friend already stayed there. First i booked room for 2 people, but later then plans was changed i sent them email to change my reservation for 1 person, and got respond that everything is ok. Later on then I arrived they told me that i can stay by myself, but have to pay for two people... After i said, that I'm not staying there, they let me stay and pay only by myself in room for two complimentary, BUT later then i was leaving they add cost for accommodation...so i didn't have a choose except pay, so they made up cost for two people!!! Everything is old and small, forget about elevators, easier to use stairs. I could hear every single person in this hotel. Not to mention terrible…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or430-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"I had the misfortune of staying in this hotel for one night, I could not possobly have stayed longer. The room was small and everything was in a bad state of repair. In the bathroom there were chips in the enamel of the bath and the shaver socket was broken. Moving on to the bedroom, on one side of the bed there was a bedside table where on the other side of the bed there was a gap where the table had been removed. No attempt had been made to cover up the holes left by the screws used to support the bracket under the missing table and also the wallpaper had been torn. Altogether a nasty experience !!",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or430-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",wednesday 06 june 2012,"hi booked this hotel because easy access to all the sights upon booking this hotel i booked breakfast for 2 mornings at 7.50 each tues 5 june had a english breakfast on the 6 june we were refused breakfast as was told only booked continental but web site never mentioned nothing about this just add breakfast for 7.50 , the rooms were very small but clean would not go back",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or435-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,The rooms are a little small but I guess you only need to sleep in them. They are clean and location is great.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or435-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Good central location,The location is great. The hotel itself is very cosy and the room was comfortable. The maintenance of the bathroom was a bit of a problem. The personnel was very helpful and kind. The only negative experience was the location of the room - ground floor opposite to the elevator (room G5). We could hear every single person that was stepping in and out of the hotel. It was especially bothering during the night. But the overall impression is very good.,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or435-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",We felt like we were being kidnapped!!!,"DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!! As an electric violinist I was booked to perform at the Connaught Rooms for a corporate event...my booking agency told me that they had booked a hotel for me, and this is the one they picked. On the drive down there my friend started reading the reviews which were all terrible...but we thought we'd give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and wait and see. On arrival the reviews started to come true...the 3 staff on reception didnt really speak english so they couldnt explain what was happening but asked us to sit down and wait.  There were 5 other people sat waiting so I started up in conversation, they'd been waiting for over an hr, something about no hot water, heating and no rooms.  With out explaining the staff put us in a car and started driving,…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or435-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",London trip,"A little hotel,exellent situation.The room was small,but ok for a few days. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or435-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have EVER stayed at,Please do not book with this hotel. I booked two rooms here at the end of April for a very special weekend away. It was total ruined by the staff at the hotel. An apparent water leak ( which they are yet to show me any evidence despite me asking on several occasions) ment we were moved to a 'sister' hotel miles out of town. The other hotel was also advertised much cheaper. We asked for a refund of the difference but still we have not received anything. We basically paid over £260 for 2 rooms at a hotel that only charges £99 per night. This is basically stealing. We the had to pay £60 for taxi's to and from the places we were meant to be within walking distance of. We also missed out on our night out as the whole disruption of being moved and arguing to get our money back cost us…,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or440-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",no room at the inn,arrived at hotel at 11.00 am approx.the room wasn't ready which was fair enough.I was with 4 other people who were staying at a different hotel.I left my bag at hotel and went out for the day.I arrived back at hotel at around 8.30.There was someone checking in.When it came to my turn to check in I was told they had no room for me as they had a burst water pipe and that a room had been got for me at another hotel.the person that was checking in before me came back to ask for a room with a window and there did not seem to be a problem in getting one for him. The hotel president is where  they booked me into. The room was a box room I had been told it was a 4 star but if all the rooms were like mine i wouldn't put 1 star on it.from reading other reviews i think broken water pipes…,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or440-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Amazed at misleadingly high rating on Tripadvisor for this terrible, and terribly overpriced hotel",Be warned check out is 10 AM!!!! And staff could care less if you're sleeping after 10 AM with shouting on 'corridors'. Keys need to handed in at desk and rooms are cripplingly small. Shower was dirty. I'm shocked now that I see the rating being so high on here for such a poor and overpriced hotel - its trading completely on its location and nothing else,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or440-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel threw me out!,"I had booked the hotel with Booking.com for three nights, had got a confirmation, and paid the whole stay when arriving on Sunday.  There was no hot water from Sunday through Monday morning, making showering impossible. On Monday afternoon the hot water was OK, but the central heating had started making a bad noise. It was turned off leaving my room without any heating. I got frustrated about all the problems and insisted to have compensation for the lack of hot water and heating.  I reached an agreement for a discount with the reception manager and went shopping. When the hotel manager heard about the agreement, he called me and asked me to return to the hotel. He said they had reserved my room for other purposes from now on, although my reservation had been confirmed and I had…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or440-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",*Tiny* rooms. Clean. Decent bathroom. Fantastic location.,"I needed a place to stay 3 nights in Central London, and this hotel's location is unbeatable. It is on Great Russell Street, a stone's throw from British Museum, and a 2-minute walk from Tottenham Court Road Station. But I couldn't afford the higher prices at any of the other hotels in the neighborhood. My only conditions were: an attached bathroom and a clean hotel.  Cheshire Hotel met both those conditions, and while the hotel is nothing to write home about, met my requirements fine.  It is clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Absolutely no complaints there.   The rooms are tiny as tiny can be. The bathroom is as large as the room, which was odd but I was grateful for it.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or440-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Accommodation,"Good staff service. The room was small but adequate - suffered from lack of tea/coffee making facilities. The in-room entertainment was poor, TV not correctly tuned and limited range of programme choice. Experienced noise on both nights, particularly the Saturday night, which disturbed the night significantly. The location was excellent for my requirements.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or445-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"When we got there I found 5 hairs on my pillow, clearly the bed wasn't changed. We didn't have any warm water for 3 out of the 4 days. When we went to the front desk to complain about the water all he did was sigh.",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or445-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, that's it .","Stayed here for 3 nights . When we arrived got to our room in the attic ! No tea or coffee facility's , first morning after a noisey night there was no water at all ruined our planned day as couldn't wash etc. had to go over the road for coffee ! We were told it was the area? Strange as cafe opp had running water we were given bottled water . Great location as everything in walking distance but that's about it . ",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or445-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't stay because of a flood,"I had a room booked here for a business trip but never got past reception. They had suffered a flood and couldn't accommodate me. They organised a room at the (fairly) nearby Tavistock Hotel so all was well, but I wonder why they couldn't have let me know in advance as a lot of time was wasted and I was almost late for ""The Ladykillers"" since the Tavistock is a lot further from the west end. These things happen though, and they did their best. I'd like to try to stay again as the location is very good - just round the corner from Tottenham Court Rd station and the reception looked nice. They did offer me a coffee as well. ",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or445-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Characterful,"Marvelous location, very friendly staff and  rooms not bad! Oversized furniture in small room but perfectly nice and lovely comfy bed. Best bath ever - filled up in minutes and piping hot water. Not posh or particularly smart but bit quirky and good value for money.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or445-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",good stay,"I had a nice stay, however. when I asked a member of staff my check out time, they told me 11 am. I then got a call at 10:15 the next morning telling me I would be charged if I didn't vacate the room immediately. They didn't get charged, but they should be a bit clearer about when the time to check out is.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or450-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice and ideal location,"First time here and we arrived at 3am with a very helpful receptionist, our room was G5 as shown on someone's else's review. Very clean and the beds were good and clean, very tall ceilings and nice decor.....cold breeze coming from window but it is -5 outside. Booked again for march.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or450-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"Very good location, friendly staff and clean and cosy rooms.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or450-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,"Unfortunately, not a very good review but you do get what you pay for. My partner and I went on a Saturday as we were seeing a show. Well we ordered a suite but was told that it was not available as they were doing maintenance on it, so we settled for a double (no option really) which was small and not very cosy. The bathroom blind fell down, the bath panel had a massive hole in it, the glasses in the room still had lipstick on them and the blind in the bedroom did not open.  The breakfast area was no better. It was so cold in the basement and the staff said the heating was broken so as soon as you got your cooked breakfast you had to eat it in double quick time as it was freezing cold leaving your food congealed on your plate.  We were not offered extra toast as most hotels do…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or450-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",check your bill,"told when we arrived that booking was cancelled, although i checked that booking was ok day before they eventually did find as a room that was ok ,no real complaints about the room as we didnt spend much time in it. the location is very good problem when we tried to check out they tried to charge us £18+ for phone calls from our room which we did not make when I complained they said theywould investigate  now i find they have charged my credit card this hotel is run by incompetant staff",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or450-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",The YMCA Would be Better!,"OMG!!! One of my pet hates are cheap, nasty hotels where staff work and hardly speak a word of english and the main aim is to rip you off!!! And the Cheshire Hotel is a PERFECT example of this. £120 per night. Are you kidding me. The hotel is filthy, discusting, falling to peices, the dingiest and the smallest room I've stayed in. Breakfast was swimming in grease. Please I beg you give this one a swerve and stay at the Y, The council should be ashamed of allowing this place to remain open. Final Tip: Avoid at ALL cost!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or455-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously odd!,We arrived to be met by a Receptionist who announced in extremely broken English that there was a problem with our room (booked several days before) but that it was 'okay' because they had found us a room in another hotel. The inference was that we should be grateful. It was pouring with rain and we were due at a party in Covent Garden in half an hour so my husband asked if this 'other hotel' was nearby.It took several attempts at re-wording the question before the receptionist decided to summon someone who spoke English. The reinforcement heard our plea to be settled somewhere quickly as we were already cutting it fine and to his credit agreed that we could stay there (phew!) adding sotto voce that they would have to send someone else to the mysterious 'other hotel'. He then…,Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or455-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome staff,"My sister and I stayed in room 106, when we entered the hotel we were greeted with joy and happiness by a lovely lady. We were treated very well,everytime we needed a help the young lady was overwhelm to help, we quickly noticed she was very professional and kind. The room was basic but very clean staff made it all we will definitely return there. It's rare to find good customer service in London hotels we were really impressed by the service and the young lady who checked us in, she was the same lady who signed us out on Tuesday morning the 15 nov 11. Thank you",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or455-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Cozy & Basic","We stayed here at the end of October/beginning of November, it is perfect for the tube and Covent Garden, Leicester Square, China Town etc. The rooms are small, the bathroom was basic and really needed painting/replacing. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very nice and well cooked, although there was no bar or evening meals. This didnt bother us at all because we always eat out and there are loads of fabulous restaurants all around you. We had the windows open at night and there was an awful lot of noise all through the night, but I suppose you have to expect that. I gave this a very good rating because of the location and staff rather than the rooms.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or455-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location",Fantastic location - easily accessible from Heathrow by tube.  Just one changeover needed on tube lines.   Reception Staff very friendly and couldnt do enough for us.  Any request was adhered to quickly and with a smile.  Breakfast was adequate - cooked English breakfast was available and freshly cooked when ordered.    Very near to British Museum and most of the theatres.  Oxford Street just a few minutes walk away.    Safe and quiet location and Sainsburys nearby for presents to bring home!,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or455-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"Would like to say the staff were very helpful and welcoming.Hotel was in a great location for our theatre break,not far to walk to Trafalgar square etc,,tube and bus access very close. Very simple rooms but that's all we wanted,clean and tidy with tea and coffee making tray(even biscuits) Would definately stay again.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or460-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Not worth the money, wont be back..","The cheshire builds up a good picture on the net,, but in reality it does not appear the same when you get there , i and my partner were put in 302. the room was small and dark .not much space to move about ..the carpet was threadbare and had holes . the matress was stained , the wardrobe door would not close properly, the bed headboard was stuck to the wall with silicone ..the view was a brick wall and a dingy ally.. to the bathroom ,cracked and broken tiles reparied again with silicone, stained toilet basin  the ceiling was stained and covered in damp patches . the bath panel was broken and had 2 large holes with splintered and jaged edges... The only good thing i can say ,the staff were very friendy and helpful the breakfast was ok but the fact that only 1 girl had to do…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or460-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Quaint and quiet little hotel.  Greatest staff in the world.,"I stayed at the Cheshire last December while on vacation in London.  It was a quiet little hotel in a good location and it had a nice feel to it.  All in all I was satisfied.  I checked out of the hotel the morning of the 19th, I believe, and went to Heathrow to fly home.  Then the massive snow storm hit that made so many headlines.  I spent that day and the next night at the airport, then realizing that nothing could happen for days, I got on a computer and booked a room at the Cheshire for that night and got on a train back to London proper.  I arrived at the hotel at about  8 AM, and needless to say they were surprised to see me.  I told them what happened and asked them how long I would have to wait to get a room.  They put me up in a room immediately.  They then helped me…",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or460-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Old, noisy and not much fun","Wasnt sure about even going to this hotel, especially after paying for our room in advance they still chose to pre- authorise our card to the tune of the price of the room again. Not happy that they retained our card details online and the 'computer' decided to take a payment all by itself. Spoke to a man who said he was the manager to sort it out, turns out he wasn't and had to ring again to get it sorted. Knew we'd made a mistake when we pulled up outside. Although ideally situated  off Tottenham Court Rd, it looks tired and 'cheap'. Because of the trouble we'd had before getting there they promised us their best room, if the room we had was their best I wouldn't hold out much hope for their worst. The room was small, and I've been to Paris so I know small when I see it. No…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or460-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",never ever stay in this hotel....,"When we arrived for our 4 day break in the city we were handed the keys to room 302....then a nightmare started....the carpet was threadbare and dirty...the toilet hadnt been cleaned the pillows smelled...in general it was awful! After complaining...to the hotel and booking.com with whom we booked, we were told we could cancel...then told a different story at reception..it appears staff are not up on their policies...or any hotel matters for that matter! We were allocated a different room on the 5th floor..whcih was a bit cleaner but still terrible for th £476-00 we paid for our stay.  The floor we were put on was undergoing redecoration and every morning was a early wake up call......not that we slept much with the paint fumes...also were told off like naughty children on the…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or460-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean and decent hotel - but don't expect too much!","Cheshire hotel is very close to Tottenham Court Road Station. It is quite clean and nice. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I stayed on the 7th floor for one day. It was a clean room, but very small. This is a good hotel to stay as value for money and for location, would not recommend for long stays.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or465-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Dingy, noisy, horrible hotel","When I checked out of this hotel I was almost in tears because I was so tired. I stayed for one night, mid week in room G5, and it cost £205. The room is bang opposite the lift, almost in the lobby and when I asked to move I was told it wasn't possible.   The hotel is in a great location - just a minute's walk from Tottenham Court Road tube station. And from the outside it looks quite nice. But inside, it's horrible. The room I was in was grubby, with almost everything cracked, broken, scratched, fag burned and generally in need of a thorough scrub.  There is no sound insulation so you hear every conversation throughout the night as people wait for the lift. It's a tiny, narrow corridor so people bang into your door - and the lift itself CLANG, CLANG, CLANGS. The doors from the…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or465-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location - warm, welcoming staff","Staff were warm, welcoming and professional.   Checkin was a doddle - fast and efficient. The single room was small but cozy and ideal for business travelers staying a few days.   Very clean room and WC and shower.  Bed was very comfy Nice powerful shower and coffee making facilities in room.  BIG flat screen plasma TV - which I really liked.   Great location for a base whilst in London - so close to everything!! Coffee shops and restaurants all outside the door. Easy for tube and rail access I paid ninetyfive pounds per night which is half of what you might pay in a similar hotel, so great value for money.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or465-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we wanted,"We bought tickets to a gig last minute and needed a hotel room 3 days before Christmas. We had pretty slim pickings so didn't have very high expectations of this place and were pleasantly surprised. It's clean, comfy, has a fantastic location and is very quiet for where it is. If I was being picky I'd say the room was a little cold but it was during the big freeze in Dec '10 and it snowed the whole time we were there so I suppose that's fair enough!   There's no bar or restaurant and it's definitely not a luxury hotel but as a base for exploring the city it was perfect.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or465-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Super location,"This hotel was perfectly adequate.  The location was ideal--a 2 minute walk to the British Museum.  It wouldn't have been my first choice but as London was unusually busy due to the royal wedding, I was probably lucky to find anything!  The hotel is clean but in need of updating.  Rooms are  very small but comfortable enough.  Business travelers should not be charged for Wifi as it was not connectable from the room or the restaurant and calls were often dropped from other areas.  The restaurant is worth skipping.  However, the proprietors were very friendly and tried their best to be accommodating.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or465-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location but room very SHABBY and OVERPRICED.,"The location of this hotel is really good.The room decor was very dated,desperately needing a revamp. Carpet in the room was thread bare with lots of holes and the chest of drawers only had 2 drawers in use as the other one didnt open.There wasnt any room to move around in the room as everything seems to be crammed in.The internet was down for three out of the four nights and the staff just kept saying they were waiting on an engineer to come out in an hour.The breakfast was ok.You basically pay for the location.I think its overpriced . I think if it was refurbed it would make a difference.",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or470-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",review of room 207,"The room was small but perfectly formed, except the furniture (except the bed) was to big for the room. This made getting out of bed a problem, especially in the night. The bathroom was good, again,except the shower which had a tendancy leak all over.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or470-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cheshire Hotel London,"I enjoyed staying at <a href=""http://www.cheshirehotellondon.com"">Cheshire Hotel London</a> during my last trip in January. This is one of the finest hotels in London and stay at hotel very comfortable. The best part is that it is near to Tube station and you can save local taxi fares.  Thanks a lot",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or470-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","The location's good, but that's about it.","I stayed for two nights in Cheshire Hotel. It was easy to find, location is very ideal (near the tube and bus stop) and the lady at the reception during the day was very very friendly and helpful. I booked a single room. While the room is quite small, the bed and bathroom is pretty big. If i don't have a huge luggage with me the room would be just nice. The hotel (and room) is pretty old, but the bathroom is clean so it's good enough for me.  What i really don't like though, is that they lock the front door (main entrance) at night! The reception claims to be open 24-hours, but on my first night, i got back at 3am. The door was locked, it was cold outside (-4c that night) and the streets pretty quiet. If my friends weren't with me it would be pretty scary because i thought i was…",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or470-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A brilliant West End find,"This hotel is the perfect secret. Fantastic location and a wonderful staff team with a willingness to do everything possible to help make our stay comfortable. Yes, the decor is a little tired but it's all very clean and for the price we paid, we definitely got the best deal in this part of central London. I particularly recommend Nishi at reception – she couldn't do enough to make us feel welcome. This hotel is a gem and we have been back time and time again and will continue to do so.",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or470-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location",There is a wide mixture of reviews on this hotel. I would say that the location is pretty much perfect for central london. It sits in a nice quiet street and the building looks very nice from outside. We arrived very late for our booking but the hotel clerk was very helpful and friendly. We had a room on the top floor which was small but cosy. I have stayed in far smaller rooms than this. The hotel is just a bit tired but this creates a nice old school atmosphere. The price for this type of hotel in this area is average. Overall i was very satisfied with this hotel and would stay again.,Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or475-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Not bad, but not good either...","Ive stayed in many a London hotel over the years and normally stay at Travelogues, but that was booked up the night i wanted to stay, so i thought bit cheaper £20 quid, i will give The Cheshire a go, well what can i say, room smaller than my bathroom at home!. Room was very small, even for London but sheets on the bed rather than a duvet and rather cold. I went to run the cold tap and hot water came out and hot water from the hot tap, so had to clean my teeth with warm water...not nice. Shower in the morning, after about 3 mins in the shower..no hot water, so please have a look at you're plumbing.Great location a 4 minute walk to where i wanted to be, but over all it was clean,but needs bringing up to date. So as i said not bad, but not good.",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or475-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but nothing special,"The single room was quite small, but clean, not long time ago renovated, and the bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom. The location is perfect: near everything (Oxford Street shopping, Soho) and the underground is just behind the corner.   There are some negative remarks. The shower made noise when the water was running. On one morning out of three there was no hot water. One day the cleaning was at 3.30, when I had returned from tourist trip and they said, is is not possible to have the cleaning after 4 pm. Thus on that day the room was not cleaned. The maid told, that they are advised to clean those rooms first, where new customers are coming. Thus old customers' rooms are cleaned last. The quite thin mattress was on a wooden bench and thus very hard and slippery. There…",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or475-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"The main thing is that this hotel is in a great location - the same street as the British Museum and a few minutes walk from Covent Garden with loads of pubs and eateries on the way.  Secondly the staff are great - extremely helpful and very friendly.    The only downside is the hotel is a bit old and tired - missing tiles, torn carpets - dubious bedsprings and rooms a bit cramped - but it is spotlessly clean - great shower - plenty of clean fresh towels.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or475-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and that's it,"The Location was splendid, but everything else regarding the hotel was poor. The rooms are tiny and dark with a bad smell of mildew. The bathroom wasn't clean enough and there was no attention to details. All in all - nothing to write home about.",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or475-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",lovely little hotel in london,"i have been to London on several occasions, and I always like to try new hotels. I really enjoyed this one, for the price it has a very nicely decorated room and a lovely bathroom, which sometimes it is not easy to find on small budget hotels in this city.. The location is really good, just about a block and a half from the tube, and the staff was helpful and attentive. The only downside to it was that i paid for the wifi, but then out of four nights, it only worked for two.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or480-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",What a perfect place for a weekend in London!,"People tend to write negative things about this hotel. I have only positive things to say. We were met by a very professionel and nice receptionist from india, who gave us our room 306. A perfect corner room with many windows and great light,  that just fitted the three of us. We requested a extra bed since the 'double bed wasnt big enough to fit two people. The bed was delivered without extra charge. The hotel is situated 10 seconds run from the Tottenham Court Road tube station, and you can walk to oxford street within 10 minutes. A perfect location! Breakfast was included which has just what you want; freshly fried eggs on request, toast cerial in many flavors, juice, fresh tee or coffee, milk.  I am definately staying here the next time I go to London!",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or480-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet spot in a very busy area 2 blocks from British Museum,"Had read about small rooms, so reserved a suite, which met our needs very well.  It was a large, but not plush, very clean,room that had a couch, 2 chairs, table where we could sit and drink tea that we made with the kettle and tea bags provided.  Plenty of closet space and an iron and board provided.  I don't know where other rooms faced, but ours on the 4th floor faced away from the road and had a view of trees from afar.    I think this hotel deserves much higher ratings than what I've seen in other reviews, except for the raves re. breakfast.  My husband had a very poor breakfast in an airless basement the first morning.  After that, paid to take away really delicious croissants (better than what we had in France) from the basement breakfast room.   It cost about 100 pounds…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or480-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great value hotel,"Really enjoyed my stay here. The rooms are small but they're comfortable and inexpensive. Staff are friendly and responsive, the breakfast is good, and the location is unbeatable. Just a few minutes' walk from Oxford Street, Soho, and the West End theatres. I'll definitely be back.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or480-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy Cheshire Hotel,"We stayed one week and found the staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms are small but comfortable and internet is free in the lobby. It is centrally located and within easy walking distance from Piccadilly Circus, Soho, Oxford street.  They are still trying to improve their services so we'll be back. Good value for money.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or480-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Somewhat primitive,"Very good breakfast. Good bathroom. Phone didnt work in or out. Good big bed with, strangely, a loose, free-standing bedhead, the size of  only two thirds of the width of the bed, meant for a smaller, single bed. Gives a very poor impression, decadent, lazy, lacking in style. I hope this minute room was meant for only a single occupant. No room to swing a cat.",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or485-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value and Service!,"The value can't be beat!  True, my room was tiny (although I found it cozy and comforting), but it was clean and well-quipped.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  And the location was perfect!  Perhaps the best value-oriented hotel I've ever stayed at (and I've stayed at them all over the world)!",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or485-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - excellent breakfast,"Booked a suite at this hotel for two nights on the occasion of my wife's 70th birthday. The suite was designed to be a surprise for her. On arrival I was informed there was a problem as the suite was already taken due to the volcanic dust grounding aircraft. Why that should affect me I do not know having booked the suiite some months previously. I was offered a double room with breakfast at a reduced rate which I was obliged to accept, having nowhere else to go. The room I was offered was dowdy, in need of refurbishment and small. The bed was hard and I had little sleep. The toilet would not flush but that was quickly rectified. The English breakfast was freshly cooked and excellent.  However,  the situation with the room spoiled what should have been a trip to remember which I…",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or485-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",once again do not be put off by one or two bad reviews !!,"yes the rooms were small ish yes it had some cracked tiles in the bathroom and yes there was noise.but lets get this in context here the room was warm and cosy ,tea making,iron&board.hair dryer, great tv plenty of hot water.the noise was from being in sutch a great part of London just 2min to shaftesbury ave,old Compton st,Lester squire,trafalgar and piccadilly just a bit further the breakfast was freshly cooked and as my friend said not the usual greasy offering from jury's over the road and it would cost you £130 more.so if you want a budget hotel that is warm comfortable great friendly staff (everyone says hello and makes you feel welcome even the chamber maids as you pass )in the best part this is it!!!",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or485-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - terrible customer service,"We chose the Hotel due to it's location (10 minutes walk from the  ""JERSEY BOYS"" - the show as excellent - even at the 2nd time of seeing it),The room was smallish but OK just for a one hight stay - I  would not recommend it for a longer stay as it would prove claustrophobic. The issue we had was with the reception staff :- when we arrived at the hotel they told us (politely) that they could not trace our reservation so we provided them with documentary  evidence, at which point they then found our reservation, and a key was duly issued. When we went out for the evening we left our key at reception, as instructed, and upon our return went to reception to ask for it back.  . We waited for the lady on reception to finish an evidently persoanl call - after noticing us,she briefly…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or485-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Central hotel/good for the price,"Stayed 07/11/09. Rooms small so as an overnight stay ok but wouldnt recommend to stay for a week! However room clean, bed fine & shower good & powerful. Noise at night from street, but hey this is central london, 2 mins from dominion theatre & oxford street. Found staff pleasant & breakfast good.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or490-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Will NEVER, EVER Stay at This Hotel Again!!!!!!","The hotel was decayed, the service deplorable, and the front desk manager was down right criminal when he knowingly double charged us for our stay! When we went into our extremely small (even compared to usual European standards) and dirty room, we discovered a burnt lamp shade over one of the bed, the toilet and sink leaked as well as the sink not draining! Needless to say we didn't want to stay in the room. The hotel's solution was to make us stay in the room that night with an ""upgrade"" to a ""suite"" for the rest of our stay for an additional fee for the ""better"" room! As well, the front desk manager kept badgering us to book his tourist packages, which we told him were not needed as I have actually lived in London and know the city. At the end of our stay, he lied to my…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or490-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Loved This Hotel Would Definitely Stay Again,"Booked this Hotel through Discount City Hotels.Com paid £60 for a Double En Suite, upon arrival we were allocated a Suite which according to the Tariff on the reception desk, would have cost £279!! so to say we were happy is an understatement, the Receptionist was helpful friendly and polite, we had to leave our bag in the porters room as our ""suite"" was not ready, it was 1pm, the porters room is just a cupboard in reception, I booked this Hotel due to its close proximity to The Dominion Theatre, as this was the reason for our weekend away, to see We Will Rock You, which i highly highly recommend, and if you come out of the back doors of the theatre, Country Inn is literally a step away, loved the location, 5 mins and you're on Oxford Street, the little cafe next door (Eves…",Date of stay: December 2008,5.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or490-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Not for claustrophobiacs,"We were booked at this hotel because there was nothing else available in the area. The rooms were the tiniest I've seen in Europe. I've only seen a similar size hotel room in Tokyo. Don't expect any help getting your luggage in and out the room. The luggage storage room is like a pigeonhole. There is a takeaway next door and some rooms smell like curry. If you are used to 4+ level hotel service, don't ruin your trip to London by staying in this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or490-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Uncomfortable & smelly bed,"I booked this hotel based on location and price. The single room I was allocated looked out onto the well of the building and the star feature was a sheet of wire netting covered in bird poo. Asked to move and was given a twin room. Very small & if there were two people in the room they would have been tripping over each other. On a positve note the room was made up each day in an identical way, the bathroom had ample soap & shower gel, and the TV was excellent (new large plasma that contrary to the website I did not have to pay extra to use). The staff were all very friendly. The bedding, like many cheaper hotels, left a lot to be desired. The blankets, pillows, and in particular the bed cover have the fug (""old man smell"") of the last 1000 people that have stayed in the room.…",Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or490-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",would never stay again,"stayed there for 1 night couldn't have taken two.  The rooms where tiny and unbearably hot and as for the bed I have really slept on softer floors. The lifts smelt of what I can only descibe as sewerage which forced me to use the stairs where the smell was slightly less unbearable. Only stay here if the alternative is a cardboard box under the arches.  I have stayed in a lot of hotels and I am prepared to make allowances and did I stayed for one  night.  However, I know my wife would have walked out.",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or495-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Well worth the money,"What on earth are people expecting?  If you have paid more than the £70 that we paid (the Saturday before Xmas) then you need to shop around.  We booked with Discount City Hotels (online).  We found the staff to be very helpful from the minute we arrived.  We found a leak in our bathroom and the staff immediately gave us a new room without any problems.  The rooms are small, we think they might have been singles originally because of the single headboard fixed above our small double bed, however, why do you want to spend so much time sitting in a London hotel room?  We like to make the most of our short stays and exlore the capital which seems to keep going 24 hours a day!  And that's why we go there.  Location is 5 mins walk from Oxford Street and the West End theatres etc. and…",Date of stay: December 2007,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or495-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",A good value with a great location,"I was apprehensive about staying here after seeing the reviews on TripAdvisor.   However, I was very pleased with the cleanliness of my room(s) and the entire hotel.  All staff members were cheerful, friendly and helpful.  The breakfast room was nicely decorated.  Service was prompt and courteous.  The English breakfast  served toast, eggs, bacon, tomatoes, and mushrooms. It was very tasty.  I had the continental breakfast of yogurt, cereal, and croissants and it was fine, too. I stayed for five nights.  The first night I had a large room on the first floor.  There was street noise but it didn't keep me awake.  The next morning I asked to be moved to a quieter room and was moved to a smaller, but very nice, room toward the back on the third floor. This is an excellent, safe…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or495-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Enter at your peril.....,me and the missus picked up the keys to room 307. Then it went pear shaped. We opened the door to find someone else already in there. We were moved to the top floor room 505 which made hotel rooms in Italy  look like aircraft hangars. It was without doubt the smallest hotel room I've ever seen.The modest size bed was pushed up sideways on against the wall with each end of the bed touching the side walls. And it was so hot in the room even with no heat on. The carpet was filthy and there was paper peeling off the walls.Don't look under the bed. While she tried the shower I went to complain taking the emergency stairs as the lift was tiny. The first flight down to the 4th floor was in complete darkness and the carpet had come loose on some steps showing concrete beneath. I could…,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or495-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Claustrophobia guaranteed,"My favourite hotels were fully booked at the time of my travel, so I chose this hotel because of its excellent location. Based on the price paid (~100 GBP/night) I would have expected much more. I got the smallest room I've ever seen. It was more like a matchbox. Strange that the bathroom was quite spacious. Try to avoid the 4th floor, as there is a molding in front of the window, which takes the whole view.  Apart from its size, the room was very well equipped: TV, telephone, tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer, iron, excellent (free) internet connection (own laptop, or TV & keyboard). Reception staff are friendly, but not too professional. I was very surprised that the whole price was requested in advance. Later I realized that the cause might have been the possibility…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or495-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",OMG! Don't even think about it. Never book here. Ever!!!!!!,We arrived @ the hotel early (10:00) for the last may bank holiday. We were off to a good start as we were able to check into our room. However we did book a twin room & ended up with a double. Oh well! Our room 503 was very small & very hot. The Bathroom was huge though! It was raining so the only ventilation was through the windows. The left hand side window was missing the lock. The TV sits directly in front of the open windows so it not only impedes the view but the windows could not be left open overnight to let fresh air as it was raining & it would have blown the TV with water. This meant 2 sleepless nights due to heat. The English breakfast served should not be fed to animals let alone  paying guests. We were served coffee & were not given teaspoons. I got up & asked for…,Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or500-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",this could be a very nice hotel...,"very good location, nice, small hotel, reasonable prices. But....A very big but: the hotel is understaffed. When you are lucky this will not be a problem (and iff you are willing to settle for the small, not too clear rooms, curtains that cannot be opened, the smell of smoke) but hey, look at the prices..)but arriving in an overcrowded weekend as we did, it turned out to be a stressfull experience. When we came there April 22th only two people were trying to do the check-in and check-outs, answering the questions, answering the phone's etc. etc. They were friendly but looked stressed out already at 9.00 in the morning. We could leave our luggage for the rest of the day but before we went into town we were asked to pay in advance. I thought I misunderstood because we did not even…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or500-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Loved Country Inn & Suites,"I have just returned from a week at Bloomsburry Country Inn & Suites. My experience was excellent. The hotel is centrally located within walking distance from the shopping streets ( Oxford, Regent, Bond...) It is also very close to the British Museum and the theatre district.  The room was a single one with a bathroom. It was rather small but very clean and it had everything I needed: a comfortable bed, a desk with a mirror, a flatscreeen TV, a cupboard, an iron and a board, a hairdryer  and a telephone. There is internet access in the room. The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and helpfull. The breakfast was very good. ",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or500-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",bring earplugs!,"We picked this hotel for its location, which I would not fault. Very close to the tube. Room not ready when we arrived so our luggage was stored until we returned later. The room was very small with a nasty  nylon carpet. It had a double and single bed, and a table and chair squashed at the end. TV and all the usual bit and pieces. The bath, basin and loo were clean, but the bathroom looked generally grubby.  When you showered, it caused a flood to the bathroom and out to the bedroom carpet. We came back late to the hotel after a concert. The windows are only single glazzed and the general traffic/street noise was very loud. People shouting, sirens going off etc. The room was very hot but we couldnt open a window because of the noise. Then at about 4.00 am just when we were…",Date of stay: January 2007,1.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or500-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location!","I have rated this hotel 4 because of the value for money aspect not because it's a great hotel, though to be fair it's not that bad either. I paid just £60 for a twin room including breakfast but wouldn't be happy paying full rate to stay at Country Inn.  The location can't be beat for my needs (a night out), it's a 2 minute stroll from Tottenham Court Rd Tube. Obviously being so central it is noisy outside at all hours and the rooms are only single glazed. No problem for me as a few glasses of vino and i'll sleep through anything!  The room was spotlessly clean and i was pleasantly surprised at the standard after reading some previous reviews. The only negative of the room was the ridiculously small bathroom - seriously it's the smallest i've ever seen! It wasn't a major…",Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or500-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","3* Hotel?? Not by a long shot! The Good, The bad and The Unbelievable","Where to begin ....   It went downhill from the onset – we were looking for a hotel for NYE and saw this place. I checked the reviews on here, where many of the recent reviews were negative, which did trigger some alarm bells. However, given we had limited options left, we chose to book and hope for the best …err big mistake!  The hotel says 3 * on the door – no way – more like a 2* bed and breakfast! But the reason for this isn’t because the hotel is unclean and functional, but purely down to the lack of professionalism and management policy. We came away feeling the management seemed to be unable to deal with any (simple) problems that arose.  THE GOOD - here are the positive points:  -Room & Bathroom were clean and functional, and albeit small (even though we had one of the…",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or505-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Don't look uner the covers!,"the photos of this hotel suggest a small but discreet hotel with traditional furnishings and fittings - and that is not a false impression. But you would be wrong to assume that this means it is a hotel with dining areas of old mahogany, a spacious lobby with solid, time-served antiques and a lounge and bar with olde-worlde comforts - it has none of those. The only public space is the lobby and you can walk across it in about 5 paces. The room I stayed in appeared small when I opened the door but it turned out to be a little bigger once I got inside. The traditional furnishings were used in the room as well - which looked dark but comfortable. Unfortunately the olde-worlde concept also seemed to extend to the laundry - the bedding looked as if it had never been near a washing…",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or505-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Didnt even get a room!,"Cant really say much about the hotel because we didnt get passed reception.  When we arrived the staff on reception were busy taking photos of each other on there phones so we waited a few moments.  When we did get some attention I pass the three members of staff at reception my online booking details.  All three of them seemed to look blank and confused.  After a while of blank looks another member of staff who had been sat in the lounge area behind us suddenly remembered that the hotel was closed due to ""problems"".  Obviously he had forgotten to tell the reception staff of these problems.  He told us we had been moved to another hotel.   He showed us where the hotel was on a map which was hung on the inside of cupboard door.   The map looked like it had been there a while and…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or505-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't go there,"By far the worst hotel during my last trip in UK. I have to agree with the reviewer from Boston. My room was on the first floor and didn’t feel safe at all. Fortunately, I was there for only one night. The bed was such in a bad condition that I woke up in the morning with terrible back pain. My back was still sore after 3 days. A concrete slab would have been more comfortable. I told the manager to throw this bed in the garbage the next morning but I’m sure it is still there. The cigarette smell was terrible even if I had booked a non-smoking room. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or505-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Nice little hotel,"A great alternative to the big chain hotels nearby.   Location is great, just off tottenham court road, a five minute walk to all of the new restaurants just to the west of tottenham ct rd.    The room was small, but comfortable and clean with nice bathroom, LCD TV, small working area with broadband.  No aircon however.    Lacks a bar, but plenty of bars and pubs nearby that are open into the very early hours.  Reception was manned 24 hours so no problems when we crawled back in at 2am!  Better than your average London 3*, but on a much smaller scale. ",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or505-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly Staff, Tiny, Clean Rooms","We stayed here two nights when we were passing through London.   Pros:  Friendly staff, good breakfast, nice bathrooms.  Good neighborhood and close to tube station. Cons:  Both rooms were so small that we had to move out of each other's way constantly.  No AC.    Would we stay here again?  Probably not, because of the lack of space. ",Date of stay: July 2006,3.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or510-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly hotel, and great location","Myself and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel for a long weekend in London for my birthday. Location is brilliant, as only 5min walk to tube which is easy to find and you are just off oxford street so is very central. Found hotel to be friendly, though there english could be abit better, but got buy. Our room was very small, and the bed no good for anyone over 5ft 6in but very clean which we found was main thing, plus for all time you really spend in them we were not to bothered. The bathroom is very big and has good shower. Breakfast room is nice & clean and breakfast was good to. We were abit disappointed that the hotel doesn't have its own bar or do evening meals, as would have been nice just to relax in there one night instead of having go up the street to find places. I do…",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or510-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell,"This hotel is the worst hotel I've stayed in ever. I had a terribly horrendous experience with the staff when I arrived. As my flight was cancelled, and I had to leave the US the next day, I had called expedia (my travel agency) to cancel my first night at the hotel. Expedia confirmed the cancelation and assured me the hotel agreed not to charge me for the first night. Upon arrival however, the hotel staff told me I was going to be charged for the night not spent there plus a surcharge tax. After numnerous attempts to find out who worked during the time Expedia called and lies (i.e. hotel cannot make international phone calls, woman who worked in the morning does not pick up phone, they don't remember who worked and cannot find out as there is no log etc.) and my own hotel room…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or510-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",lovely hotel,"Having spent ages trawling the internet for a hotel in London whose description matched the reviews on this site, we had almost given up hope!  Then we happened upon the Country Inns and Suites Hotel in Bloomsbury.  We booked a 2 night break to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary.  The hotel did not disappoint.  It is in a lovely area, fantastic tube links are nearby, and loads of bars, resturants and shop are easily accessable.  The hotel is spotless and decorated very nicely.  Our room wasn't big, but was more than adequate for our needs.  Bathroom and shower were fantastic.  Staff are friendly and very helpful.  We arrived early in the hope of leaving our bags until check-in, but found we were able to check-in straight away.  The breakfast room is lovely and food was to a…",Date of stay: June 2006,5.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or510-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Top Choice for Value,"I am a travel agent and travel extensively around the world, and I am fortunate to stay at some very impressive luxury hotels.  As for this property I stay here 3 to 4 times a year for pleasure. I only have one thing to say about this hotel and that is ""what a star it is"".   The hotel offers excellent value for money with its location and friendly staff. No it is not a luxury hotel but it is clean comfortable friendly and ideal for a weekend or short break in London. The rooms are clean and welcoming. The rooms are not by any standard large but more than suffice for a 3-4night stay. The hotel has a small breakfast room serving cooked breakfast. The hotel is seconds from the tube, and bus links, but it is set back off of Oxford Street enough to make it  fairly quiet. The hotel…",Date of stay: May 2006,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or510-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely lovely!,"A small & cozy hotel you are bound to love! Nice & clean rooms, always welcoming (!) & helpful staff at the reception, good breakfast, not to mention the perfect location with great access to all sights. We stayed here for 5 nights right after the attempted bombings, and the staff made our stay a superb getaway. The only thing reminding about the tention in the air was the number of police around. Nevertheless we still managed to have a wonderful vacation! ",Date of stay: July 2005,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or515-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",It's like a Travel Lodge but that's OK !,Rooms: Small but clean Staff attitude: Excellent Breakfast: Excellent  The only drawback is a lack of Bar/public areas. As a single business traveller a small residents bar would have been nice.  Will I use it again ?  Yes next week ! ,Date of stay: July 2005,4.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or515-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent hotel, top location, great service","We stayed at Country Inn Bloomsbury from July 7th (the day of the terror attack in London) to July 10th. I must say that this is one of my best hotel experiences ever. The location of the hotel is great, just of the east end of Oxford street and close to public transportation. The staff was extremely service minded and the room was very nice and clean. I booked the hotel on the Country Inn website, and got a very good price, from £68 per night. Only “negative” thing, was that the elevators was a bit small, but that wasn’t any problem. This will from now on be my 1st choice whenever I go to London. ",Date of stay: July 2005,5.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or515-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great start to a new year!!!,"After many years working in 4 and 5 star hotels I tend to be a bit critical of the budget side of the industry but much to our surprise this hotel really really was nice! We paid just £82 for a twin room including breakfast on New Years Eve! Bargain for central London!! Location was fantastic.. just metres from Tottenham Court Road and Centrepoint Tower. Although it is quite compact, the whole hotel and our room were immaculate.. couldn't fault it! We had a room at the front of the building on the third floor.. had nice views and not at all noisy!! Reception staff were all very nice and helpful! Breakfast was very pleasant (even with a hangover) and noticed it was all freshly cooked..not re-heated! The young lady serving breakfast was very polite and efficient! The shower was…",None,5.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or515-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value London Hotel,"Stayed at this hotel New Years Eve.  Great Location, friendly staff & good breakfast.  Rooms are a little bit small, however they are very clean.  Overall I would certainly stay at this hotel again, especially for a theatre weekend. ",None,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or515-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel & location!,"Loved it! Loved it! Loved it! Simply fantastic! FOr the price, location and cleanliness, you dont get much better in London. Eveyrthing nearby, the place was clean, nice accomodating staff. I got in early and they tried to get me a room. Housekeeping is thorough indeed. Bear in mind a single bed is really a tiny single bed and the rooms are small but for the price, well worth it! ",None,4.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or520-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!,Our first time traveling to London we were a little nervous. However we sure hit the jackpot with theCountry Inn and Suites!!!!!!!We had a nice size room and comfortable..We had another person staying with us in a different room his was a little small.There was no transportation after 12:30 we ended up staying at the airport til 0500. However when we finally got to the hotel they gave us free contint breakfeast for the week. EVERYONE was very kind and friendly.. Great location close to the Gloucester Road tube..You can't go wrong with this property.......Kim Doug & Guy,None,5.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192039-Reviews-or520-Cheshire_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cheshire Hotel Reviews, London","Great weekend rates, good location, OK service","Great location in London, clean hotel, decorated with at least a little taste, not too tacky or floral (which is something you find a lot in London!). Very comfortable beds, good size bath/shower. The room was small and it is definitely an intimate hotel (which means you can hear people's conversation in the other rooms when walking down the hallway). The room had TV/Radio, iron, hairdryer, phone, desk, no a/c if you're after that.Staff were friendly but there are not ""big hotel services"" such as room service or concierge. Cooked or continental breakfast was included, simple but good. I would definitely recommend it as ""above average""/value-for-money, at the weekend rate of 65pounds/night for a double room.",None,4.0
