,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or0-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Okay,"Room was on the small side but decor updated and clean.. bed very uncomfortable., too much road noise that I hardly slept at all,, shower was fine and staff seemed pleasant enough,,only issue someone’s smoke alarm went of and the man from reception came banging hell out of the door telling me to open the door and that was I smoking in the room,,surely had it been me my smoke alarm would of gone off and the fact I don’t smoke anyway kinda put me of returning,. Plenty of shops and takeaways near by the hotel and a pub next door ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or0-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Full of BEDBUGS!!!,"My boyfriend and I have stayed at this hotel last May at the occasion of a visit we paid to my family. Unfortunately  they could not offer a place to crash for two and we took this hotel as this was the closest. Long story short, I woke up in the middle of the night to an itching sensation which I thought might be an allergic reaction to something as I have never had experience with bedbugs and would not have come to this idea so I went back to sleep. In the morning I woke up with a bunch of bites on my arm and shoulders, only then it occurred to us that these are bedbug bites. We have complained at the reception (The guy at the hotel seemed very apologetic and was not surprised at all). He offered a refund, provided that we call booking.com (through which we booked) and apply for a refund. The refund was accepted by booking.com but the hotel never refunded the money! Three weeks later I woke up in my own bed to a bedbug having a feast on me!!! I have paid EUR 600 for exterminators and  and the hotel is still refusing to do anything about it!!! In fact, they are trying feed me with the bull*** that it might have been a mosquito  (early May with 10C degrees)..  I cannot sleep properly ever since and am feeling paranoid in my own home, thanks to Baytree!!!…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or0-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Hotel,"From the moment we arrived we knew we weren’t in the best hotel. We were greeted by a member of staff sat on the floor playing on his phone, and the staff behind reception who acted like he didn’t even want to be there. When we were given our key, we head to our room, which was tiny. I lay on my bed for a bit and then we were greeted by an awful siren sound from outside our room which obviously wasn’t very pleasant. I then decided to take a shower, and it was proven that I couldn’t as the water was literally as hot as a kettle. We had spoken to the people next door who had the same issue. I then went and asked the guy at reception to sort this, and after about an hour I could finally take a shower. Then when trying to get to sleep, we could hear the party going on in the function room 2 floors below us and all the shouting and laughing. So I had the worst nights sleep. The curtains had a huge gap so the light was flooding in the room which woke me up a lot earlier than I wanted. Overall it was an awful stay and I wouldn’t recommend anyone to stop here.…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or0-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",horrific,"It was terrible, the receptionist kept telling me that he was waiting to my husband to full sleep to come to visit me... bedrooms are not sound proved as they said in booking.com, was so noisy until 3 am that the pub stopped the music, felt scared all night, I couldn't sleep all night, that anyone with type 1 diabetes knows how you feel when you don't get sleep. The answer from booking.com were that if we want we can get back £10 from the £100 we had paid for that sh... place.. an insult..",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or0-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for (by London standards),"Stayed here as it was one of the cheapest places near the O2. Let's be honest, considering the price, location, and photos this was never going to be a particularly good hotel, and indeed it isn't. The staff were fine and the room was clean, the major issue for me was the pub downstairs. Obviously there's going to be some noise but this pub was playing extremely loud music until past 2am. What's more, there were only two or three people in the pub so God only knows why they felt the need to keep the music going... The description lies when they say the rooms are soundproofed, we could hear the snoring from next door. Also the corridor smells bad but you don't exactly spend long in it. All in all it's passable, probably best suited for someone looking for a bed for an hour rather than a night, anyone else should really look elsewhere…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or5-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",DRAMA!!,"This place can’t be called a hotel. It is noisy, dirty, you have a hole in the bathroom floor instead of a normal shower. Windows are from plastic and you can hear all the noises from the outside. The doors have such holes that you can hear everyting what is going on on the hall. Drama. Never again! I was suppose to stay there for 3 nights, i managed to stay only one and i book sth else. Impossible to sleep in. Around 1 o’clock at night some buuuu sound turned on. I thought i will go crazy there. The only plus if for the reception lady which is very nice and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or5-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",OH MY GOD !,"NEVER SEEN THAT BEFORE ! This hotel is pity !  We have seen a mouse/rat in the hotel  Because the doors don’t touch the flour it has been in our room  It has eaten a part of my shoe and some coffee stick we had bought  When we arrived there were some chewing gum stuck on the wall Some stuff in the “Italian shower” I don’t even know what it is  Actually I ask the girl at the reception to clean the room because of the chewing gum on the wall  She was not surprised... Nobody care about customers there  Nobody say hello The window doesn’t close or sometimes close by itself  It is not a normal glass window... The bed is not completely finished, like the floor in the bathroom  It smells horrible in the room  We have a Picasso picture in the room  But I think it is a not a real Picasso…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or5-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel In London,Was charged £90 a room..on enteri g the extremely small double room nearly hit my head on the TV that was protuding from the wall.. The bed sheets were filthy and didn't look like they had been changed as there was what looked like blood at the for of the sheets. I went to reception and was told that transfer was away til 4pm and if I wanted to speak to him I would have to use my own phone.. The receptionist then proceeded to tell me to f@#k off from her reception because I told her that that wasn't good practice  ..please whatever you do DO NOT STAY AT THE BAYTREE HOTEL Even if offered for free.. an absolute nightmare!!,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or5-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Knocking Shop / hourly rate,"If you need a room with female host this is the place for you. If you're looking for a decent stay, book somewhere else, on our night we had several people come (both versions cum and come) and go. Bedrooms are shocking, hotel is worse, three locks on the inside doors say it all. Rooms are warm enough for sex without the warm up, they are like ovens. Seriously, unless you want to come away with some sort of infectiom, don't book this knocking shop, you've been warned. Fair to say, if you're looking for a decent Shag without spending a fortune, this will satisfy the most hardy of customers",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or5-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel on a  budget,"The Baytree is a very basic budget hotel above a pub in the east end of London. If you are looking for a budget place to stay overnight then you can get a room with ensuite shower room. Like all budget hotels the rooms are not large and the soundproofing is not great. They are replacing some of the furnishing and the rooms are basic. We found that many of the lights did not have bulbs in or did not work, Reception is quick but not welcoming just functional. If you are looking to be in a fashionable part of London then this is not for you as this is a functional hotel and is accessible only by public transport and taxi. The 10 mins walk from Stratford rail and bus is not correct as this is more like 30 mins.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or10-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Pésimo, la ducha es el suelo del baño ","Yo hice una reserva con un mes de antelación de una habitación triple y una cuna Pero al llegar nos dijeron que no estaba disponible y nos dieron una individual, que era muy pequeña, que la ducha está al entrar al baño, mojando lo todo y apenas cabía la ducha Y nos ofrecieron una doble, teniendo que al día siguiente cambiar de habitación a la triple No hicieron las camas ni limpiaron la habitación en toda la estancia y nos dijeron que nos harían un descuento al dejar la habitación por las molestias, pero al final no nos han devuelto nada Además no tiene ascensor, la entrada es una puerta muy pequeña y mal acceso si vas con carrito de bebes  I booked with month in advance of a triple room and a crib But upon arrival they told us that it was not available and they gave us an…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or10-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Dispictable hotel in an awful area and no cleaning and not safe for women solo travellers,Upon arriving and it is not a 10 min walk but a 10 min in taxi the drive of the taxi who was local said to me do you really want to stay here? It smelt of damp to start with upon entrance. It is over a pub that has loud music all night and the Police were in constant presence. I checked in and was given no advice re cleaning. I returned to not have my room cleaned. No light bulbs 2 lights not working and dirty bathroom. Not suitable for women travelling alone or for families,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or10-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",I wish I’d read the reciwa,"I don’t even know where to start. The entrance to the hotel isn’t exactly secure, and the carpet has seen better days. Which considering it’s not set in a very nice area it doesn’t make you feel very secure.  There was a faint odour in the hallway, but the worst was in the room itself. There was a smell of faeces that was so strong we had to keep the door to the bathroom closed.   The bathroom itself was something else. There was no ventilation or proper lighting, the shower floor looked like it had seen better days and I wasn’t exactly keen on stepping on it with bare feet. And because it was so small everything got wet as you showered cause it is just a shower head on the wall with no real enclosed shower. Which didn’t bother me as I had been in a hotel with a shower like that…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or10-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Close to the Athletics Stadium!,"We were slow booking accommodation for the World Athletics and this hotel had the only available room nearby, so we took it despite the poor reviews Lets start with the positives - it is close to the stadium and the staff were friendly and helpful However, I will never stay there again. We got to the hotel late, around 11 pm, tired after a long day travelling and watching the athletics. If we had got there in daylight I doubt we would have stayed. The room was tatty and damaged (broken mirror and lights) and the carpet was filthy. The room was described as having a view, which is a joke as more than half of the window was boarded up (which we did not discover until the morning) and part of it was open to the elements Unsurprisingly we left very early without trying the breakfast.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or10-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced & very scruffy hotel,"What a welcome! the carpet at the entrance is torn & stained, we were told that ÏF""we want our room cleaned to leave the key in a box!! the room was VERY small & one of us had to climb into bed from the bottom as the bed was against the wall at one side, there were no drawers for our clothes just a pole stuck out of the wall (but no hangers) the chair and carpet was stained, there was no tea/coffee making in the room. the shower room was small & you had to run around to get wet in the shower!!. The breakfast was cornflakes, eggs, toast & beans. we were told they did not have and bacon, tomatoes or even ketchup!. I ordered scrambled eggs & they came they looked more like fried & mashed as it was swimming in oil Yuk!",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or15-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting - DO NOT STAY HERE! ,"I realise that bad reviews can really harm a small hotel but seriously this place needs to close down, change owners and have a complete refurb. It's really REALLY bad.  Main points if you've not got much time to read my full review:  - Dirty rooms, ground in dust that clearly doesn't get cleaned. Musty smells - Take a look at the photo out of our window - I've never seen anything like it. And yes that is a condom amongst the litter and cigarette ends you can see. So gross. - The whole hotel was stuffy and uncomfortably warm. Don't expect to get a good nights sleep. - Tiny bathrooms, also smelt mouldy and felt that I would come out dirtier by showering in there.   We stayed here due to its proximity to the Olympic Park. We initially arrived and first impression was that the…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or15-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful room but 2 hrs sleep...,Stayed at the Baytree hotel just before a sporting event where I had to ride 100 miles... Thought to stay locally to give myself the maximum amount of sleep. WRONG!  They had a party in the pub below the hotel until 2am with loud music. This should not happen if you have paying guests in your hotel upstairs.   The room was small but clean and convenient and I did not experience the smell or prostitutes of other reviews.   HOWEVER! The lack of sleep (main reason why you purchase a hotel night!) means that I cannot give it more stars than 2...,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or15-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Sure, the hotel smells of vomit/weed in the corridors, but the room smelt absolutely fine and everything about the room was adequate-clean, tidy and modern furnishings. There's not much to complain about other than the smell in the corridor (which you only spend a few seconds in) and the fact that the room was hotter than I would have liked. Very good price though. And the man at reception was very polite and even let me change my room so that I could be right next to my friend's room. No bugs, I would recommend this for anyone on a budget! Oh and yes it's a brothel haha. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or15-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Please Dont dont go there !!!! Honestly Dont.. .,"where to start ... ok Booking when this wanna be Hotel was booked the pictures were no way near the Dive it was the room i got was a cell paid for a double got a cell smaller 206 was the room. the shower toilet sink are all in a 3 foot tiny little room so not friendly to the larger poeple or any one with a disability. The room are absolutely filthy absolutely nothing is clean blood stains on sheets poo stain in the toulet wall.  room is clammy and extremly hot sure its a cell what to i want for my money. ha . its over head a pub that i wouldn't have a drink as its aldo filthy dirty and staff there are rude as muck. breakfast ""dont make me laugh"" warm milk warm orange stale fruit and poo stained seats to sit on. the check in staff are plain pure thick and grumpy a pure poo hole.I…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or15-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",One to avoid...,"Where should I start. Property smelt of cannabis and vomit. Room was dark as the stained blind was closed. Upon opening the blind we found the window was slid open and stuck open. Not a bad thing seeing as it was very hot in the room but made for a difficult nights sleep when the pub was in full swing. However, that wasn't the only thing to keep us awake - I forgot to mention that the hotel doubled up as a brothel. What gave this away? Lock on the door was one of those you see on a public toilet - telling you if it is vacant or occupied plus the noise from the rooms upstairs every 30 minutes upstairs. Oh and I had a quick look on booking.com Saturday morning and saw that the hotel was booked 5 times that morning already. Can't really see couples coming here for a romantic…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or20-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Just dont do it!! Book somewhere else!! ,Just dont book it. Stay somewhere else. Our room was boiling couldn't breath. No toilet roll. Cannabis smell everywhere.  You can watch the fly tipping going on over the road. Save your money or sleep in your car!!! This place is dodgy.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or20-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,Terrible for the money they charge.room 3 was red hot.a chicken shop next door and a air freshener that made it all smell like vomit.would not ever stay their again.no change of towels no making of beds it's advertised as a hotel.not even worthy of hostel.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or20-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable for the price and location,"Stayed here for 1 night after the Guns N' Roses concert at the Olympic Stadium.  Room was basic but adequate, seems to be some refurbishment going on but nothing that disturbed sleep. Shower was hot & bedding clean. Not bad for the price.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or20-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Nothign fancy, but clean and did the trick!","Just spent 2 nights here. My husband and I were in London to see Guns N’ Roses at the Olympic Park. I warned my husband not to expect much,  however I was pleasantly surprised. The room was small, but it was spotless and modern. We were only there to sleep and it did the trick. It’s about 8 tube stops from central London, but I picked this location as I wanted to be to be close to the Olympic Park (20 min walk) and didn't want to spend loads on a hotel room. The girl in the pub below was very pleasant and welcomed us in our rock gear. It’s not 5 star, but I knew that and if you’re going to the Olympic Stadium, it’s perfect! I have stayed in far, far worse hotels in London and Paris.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or20-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",It's absolutely disgusting. ,Stayed with my wife and daughter for a single night. The room was like one out of faulty towers. The shower was cold and bars on the window and couldn't shut nor open. The lights didn't work correctly nor did they all work. Others would just flicker. As for breakfast??? A choice of beans egg or toast??? That's it! Nothing else. Wtf. Please don't waste your money. Travelogde ibis or other locals are far better. ,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or25-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",WELL WHAT DO YOU WANT FOR YOUR MONEY?,"I booked my room online as there was not much else available and too expensive at other places. I have stayed in this area before so I knew what to expect. It is very good for public transport, take-aways, Morrisons supermarket and lots of eating places. I arrived at about 1900 pm, the hotel entrance was closed so I had to check-in at the bar of the hotel. The bar staff were very friendly and so were the locals and the bar man carried my bags up to my room. We were unable to open the door with the key we had as it was a new copy, eventually the door opened. The room smelt of smoking and then I noticed all the cigarettes that had been thrown out of the window onto the small roof. The shower had lovely hot water, the toilet flush was a bit loose, the bed was very comfortable, bed…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or25-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Worst 'hotel' I've ever seen,"Upon arrival we were presented with the stench of vomit and to learn that hotel is on top of a rough pub in a dodgy area. While waiting 20-30 for the receptionist to turn up on a bike, after having to ring them plenty of times, the stench of sick became more intense. After trying to charge more and more money for the rooms, we were given the keys to our double and family rooms. Knowing it's a smoke free hotel, it was quite a shocking entering two of our rooms and being confronted with a stale smell of cigarette and marijuana smoke. After having complained about the stench, we were moved another room which was even worse. Our new room was like a crack den and was on top of a staircase which had 100s of letters at the bottom, which helped question whether this hotel was legit or…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or25-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel should come with Health Warning,"Really not sure where to start apart from 'AVOID AT ALL COSTS'. If you take all the bad reviews and link them into one, that about sums up this Hotel.   We arrived at the hotel to an overriding stench, which you cannot actually describe. There was no-one available to check us in on arrival and we had to ring a mobile number where a gentleman arrived 10 minutes later on a pushbike. On attempting to check in we were requested to pay for 6 rooms in advance when only 5 had been booked. The Man on Reception then had to ring someone else to see if that was okay (we should have guessed at that point all was not well). None of the rooms booked where of a  decent standard and we had to change rooms on 2 and again still not up to any sort of acceptable standard. Now none of us are by any…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or25-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",G Smith,"This hotel should be closed down , allowing prostitution to carry on with families in adjacent rooms . The smell and decor is disgusting the council must carry out a inspection as fire exits were blocked . Please everyone must advoid this hotel .",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or25-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"This is the most disgusting place I have ever stayed in. We were in London for the marathon with a group, including children. First there was a horrendous stench of stale vomit in the entrance hall. We had to phone for a receptionist to come and check us in. He arrived on a bicycle around 10-15 minutes later. He tried to charge us more than we had been quoted originally. This was eventually sorted after he phoned someone else who we also had to speak to in order to confirm this. We wanted to see our rooms first as we were uncertain about the hygiene and the fact it was above a pub with extremely loud music playing. We were unable to do this and also had to pay on checking in rather than checking out.  Now I know why. All of the rooms smelt of either cigarette smoke or…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or30-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Absolutely disappointed television wouldn't work aerial socket hanging out of wall. Lights not working, kitchen unavailable hence no breakfast. No one available to complain to. Not even a tea tray so u can have a cuppa in the morning. Would not recommend it to anyone.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or30-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable and Convenient for public transport ,Near by Stratford railway station and bus station. You gets all transport from here. Stratford center and Westfield mall are very good for shopping. Hotel is basic but very convenient and reasonably priced. Happy with 7 days stay. ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or30-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",anonymous,"This place doesn't even deserve one star but unfortunately it doesn't give you the option. Our first impressions on arrival was the overpowering stench of sick. Despite being two hours late to check in, our room still wasn't ready. Had to step over bags of rubbish and hoover to get to our room which stank of cigarettes and had quickly been sprayed with air freshener to try and mask it, despite it being a no-smoking hotel, as shown in picture two, we had to step over cigarette ash to get to the shower. Everything was filthy and dirty with windows that didn't close, just bars outside. As well as this, in picture three, we noticed a can of beer in the cleaning cupboard where it also stank of cigarettes. There were multiple broken lights and plug sockets. Really didn't feel safe as…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or30-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Like Internet Dating Service Photos...They Can Be a Bit Misleading,"This B&B is close to the Tube that runs into London, which is a good thing because you are MILES from anything. Jasmine our host was pleasant and helpful and moved us to a bigger room (at a cost) because ours was so tight I could just about touch both walls with outstretched arms. After taking the subway (The Tube) to Buckingham Palace we opted for using Uber (they are fantastic) because the subway was just to hot. Our breakfasts were good and Jasmine offered to make anything we asked for.  She also graciously allowed us to remain until noon on our last day because we had a late flight out. Our rooms were in the front of the house so there was quite a bit of street noise until about 10:00 PM and started up again at about 6:00 AM.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or30-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not cheap but nasty,"Not a hotel but rooms above a pub most of which are used by asylum seekers paid for by the government. Noisy all night with streams of people coming and going. No cleaner for the rooms, I made my own bed and had to go out and buy a towel as there were no exchanges. This maybe 10 minutes from the station if your first name is Usain! All this for £60 a night! Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or35-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Baytwig Hole,"Being near to the tube station is probably the highlight of this hotel and, I should mention that the staff were friendly.  Now, onto the negatives.  We stayed for one night and that was 'just' bearable.  The room was like an oven, no air con, we were provided with an electric fan that sadly couldn't move a feather. The windows didn't shut properly and were filthy. Mold in the bedroom and shower room. The shower would not drain properly so you had to make sure it was quick so that you didn't overflow the base. Smashed lights in the bedroom. Lights not working in the bedroom. Pub entertainment that spilled out onto the street till about 3am and about 10 feet below our un-closable windows. It was incredibly loud and as another reviewer mentioned it was like an episode of…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or35-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible, dirty and noisy - avoid!","This is not a hotel, it is a room above the pub. I checked in and then had to carry my heavy case up the stairs which needed painting. The room was basic and the 'wetroom' was mouldy. The room had rotten Windows that were covered in ply wood and Perspex and didn't look anything like the picture. There was no wardrobe, just a hanger. No tea and coffee making facilities and our towels were not replaced for the 5 days we were there. We had to collect our own loo roll from the fire escape cupboard next door. There was loud, banging music from the pub below which carried on until the early hours and the smoking area was directly under our window - it sounded like a very loud and sweary edition of Eastenders. Don't use this place if you need any sleep - the room was like a furnace.…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or35-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Does what it says on the tin,Place to rest your head for the night ideal for 1 night. Could use some maintenance in the bathroom and if u want an extended stay maybe go elsewhere. Good location only 10 minutes from Stratford underground via Stratford centre ,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or35-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Very convenient for Stratford International and the Olympic Park,"This hotel is above a pub with character that stays open late (bonus) and the rooms are basic but modern and clean. It is a fifteen minute level walk from Stratford stations on well lit roads. We went there for the AC/DC concert in the Olympic Park which was ideal since we have no late trains back. A lot of people at the hotel were on holiday though, visiting London and it is ideally placed for arrival by Eurostar at Stratford International and not far from London City airport. Tube to the centre of London is very frequent and about 20 minutes,.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or35-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely vile !!!!!!!,"I have no understanding of why people are writing this hotel is ok, the place is filthy ,there is a rancid smell as soon as you walk in there was jagged broken glass from a light on the wall,the walls and carpet were stained and filthy there was black mould on the wondows.I would highly recommend everyone steer clear of the place",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or40-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Lesson learnt: next time, choose a chain hotel!","We stayed here for one night before an early flight from London City. What can I say? It was more than a little scary walking through Stratford at 10pm, and the raucous noise from the pub below the hotel didn't fill us with joy. The receptionist did nothing more than take payment and give us our key, and the whole thing seemed a bit bodged together from the start. Our room was functional, but small. The mattress was in urgent need of replacing, the floor in both room and bathroom in need of cleaning and the soap (!) of replacing. The wet room scenario was also very odd, but we made it work. All I can say is thank God we were only there a night because the noise from the pub and street didn't lend itself to a good night's sleep. Note to self: next time when flying from London…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or40-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Smelly, dirty, noisy and mouldy. Avoid like the plague","First impressions of the hotel were run down and tired looking. On walking into the door it smelt rancid and mouldy.  The reception just handed us a key and told us our room was on the first floor then went back to reading a book. Our room was a triple room but there was no room for 3 people to move so 2 of us had to sit on the bed whilst the 3rd walked about.  The noise from the pub below went on until 2.30am and it sounded like they were in the room with us. The window was draughty and cover in black mould. Altogether a very bad experience.  Not at all as advertised, they must have had the best photographer money can buy taking the photos on the web.  No amenities in the room.  Environmental health should close this place down",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or40-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Smelly and scruffy,Yuk. As soon as I walked in I got an overwhelming stench... the whole hotel is very smelly - and it's not a nice smell. Not sure what it is - standing water / coleslaw smell. The walls and carpets are extremely scuffed and not at all fresh. Running water marks down my bedroom wall. No tea making facilities in the room. Noisy. Lumpy bed.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or40-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Good Place,I stayed here couple of days visiting london and it was good clean room the manager was helpfull all the time we needed his help and it has good money value im sure i will use this hotel when ill get to visit london again next time.staff was friendly,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or40-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY!,"Not as advertised, the website says the walls are soundproof yet we could hear the man next door snoring and talking.  Website says there's a 24 hour reception, the 2 time we went to get our key after cleaning there was no one there and we had to phone to which the manager was rude. The windows didn't close properly so there was a draught and they rattled all night. The shower had no pressure so we couldn't wash our hair throughly. The room was extremely small.. definitely not big enough for 2 people.  When we confronted the manager with the complaints and said we were unhappy he wouldn't refund us, he said we were ""making up excuses"" he rolled his eyes and was texting while we were trying to talk. Very rude.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or45-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Ok if you care only for the basics,"We wanted to stay for a night before visiting the center of London the next day. We booked a room through the internet and when we got there, the girl at the reception was quite helpful. The only thing that made me feel rather disgusted was the floor because it seemed that it had never been cleaned. Apart from that, the room was quite clean, and the bathroom too. It provided towels and a basic English breakfast.  The wifi didn't work and it was a bit untidy and disorganized as a hotel, but I think those were the main reasons,  it was affordable. If I had to stay again for a night or two, I would choose it but only if I couldn't find anything better at that price range.  ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or45-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",An ok hotel for the money,"Have stayed a couple of times, and this is one of the better low budget hotels in Stratford. If possible avoid the top floor. Would be better if breakfast started at 8am. And the plumbing is a bit dodgy in that both taps were hot. Other than that is ok for £40 a night",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or45-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Does the job for a couple of nights,"I stayed two nights and the room was ok if you only need a shower and a bed. Very small but warm, with a desk, chair, bedside table, bin, hangers, functioning television and free wifi. The bed was ok, but duvet had no cover. Ensuite bathroom had a small sink and the shower has no cabin. Towel was provided. My room ( 209 ) was silent and in a good position. Breakfast included, was simple. 4 slices of toast, 2 eggs and beans. Otherwise you can have milk, tea, cereals and fruit.  10 minutes walk to Stratford station.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or45-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Guest House at best,"This is certainly not a Hotel, more of a larger guest house. Very friendly staff , rooms are very small and look tired and in need of work. An ok place to stay if just to sleep, if you are staying any longer then I would look elsewhere. Breakfast was very simple. The Cooked version was fried eggs and baked beans with 3 slices of toast.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or45-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",OK FOR 1 NIGHTS SLEEP,"If you need something cheap in London and you dont mind dust and the smell of cheap bleach to hide the smell of something else, then this place is ok. The bed was comfy and clean but the carpets looked liked they hadnt seen a vacuum for months. The bathroom was the smallest one I have ever seen and if you were sitting on the loo then the door didnt open, quite comical really. The manager was very helpful when we needed a needle and cotton and got us a new travel pack from somewhere. It seemed to us that there was only him and another girl there as they were doing the ""cleaning"" as well as the desk. We didnt eat breakfast there as the overall uncleanliness of the place put you off eating anything. It was ok for a night but I wouldnt stay there again, sorry We took our MIFI with…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or50-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",terrible,"Booked a twin room no bigger than 10 x 10 mattresses stained bathroom much to be desired no tea making facilities in room ,left hotel and booked in to another for night .terrible room looked like it was created for extra money when Olympics were in town.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or50-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Official visit to UK,"Hotel had basic facility, Manager was very friendly, helped us with all our need, hotel had free wi fi facility ,clean room with nice bathtub . normal breakfast was served. Compared to price paid for, it served the purpose. If had to visit the place again , shall love to stay in the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or50-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrific! Avoid!,"Staff ignored me when entering into the dingiest reception area which gave me my horrific initial impression of this hotel.  Once in my depressing room cell... It was cold, dark and dirty. It smelt of an old damp caravan. The bathroom was in a horrible state which I only can compare to a third world shanty town bathroom and I still felt dirty after a COLD shower. The heater in the room didn't work and kept cutting out after 30 seconds. The disgusting carpet hadn't been hoovered and had toe nails at the foot of the bed. The dust and dirt had mounted up in corners and I didn't want to touch anything! I was extremely miserable being there!  Extremely loud from street outside, the hallway inside and the restaurant kitchen below. before long the room started to smell of curry from…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or50-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Served a purpose but.....,"We didn't read the reviews before entering this... hotel... if you can call it that. On arrival, the reception desk was squeezed into a back room which looked shabby and unwelcoming and the entrance hall smelt of cabbage and the walls scuffed from people's cases. As we were an hour early we were told that an early check in would be £10 extra. We chose to sit in a nearby park for an hour. When we returned at the correct time of 2pm we were surprised to see that the reception was closed. Surely it's obvious if you have a check in time of 2pm the desk should be manned. Apparently not!  Our room was on the second floor so after heaving our cases up the tiny staircase we entered our room. To begin with the door handle looked as though it had been yanked too hard and was almost coming…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or50-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,Basic but clean accommodation recent change of managers has helped lift the overall performance of this well located hotel with good wifi average facilities well soundproofed but sadly the breakfast leaves a lot to be desired!,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or55-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not a pleasant stay,"I know that london is expensive when you search for a hotel but guys the worst by far from the second hotel i ever stayed...breakfast awful..one egg,milk,beans in a can, and people bringing their own food in order to eat.some guy was sleeping on the sofa at nights and the reception was closed...i dont think 3 stars hotel works like that!",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or55-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast definitely needs improving,"just stayed one night, hotel convenient location, found room was clean, the fan was a bonus, no where really to put your clothes, we went down for breakfast but could not eat it, cornflakes, muffin, apple or yogurt, then scrambled egg looked like been cooked some time ago, the beans were Luke warm and toast inedible, the coffee was ok, think hotel trying to improve its image, table set up nice in the pub that's below hotel, rather pay bit extra to have eatable breakfast, or advertise as room only",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or55-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not again,"Easy 10 minute walk to train station which is nice. I highly reccommend one of the breakfast places you pass on your way to tje station as the breakfast served isn't worth your time. Make sure that your cell service is cheap for England cause the ""wifi"" they provide only occationally works and when it works, it's dead slow. When asking for extra pillow ""be there in ten minutes"" actually means an hour. When checking out we gad to contact staff through phone and was instructed to just slide the key under the door. While staying there, we found a better hotel but they didn't have any rooms big enough.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or55-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Only as a last resort,"I booked this 'hotel' a while ago in preparation of taking part in the Prudential 100mile cycle event. The one good thing about this place is that it is close to the start!!! Other than that, the twin room I booked was basic to say the least. Clean sheets and towels, but the shower fitting was loose, the soap dispenser had the same blue fluid in for soap and shampoo. Because of our early start I had asked for a nutritious breakfast to be left out for us? Nothing was forthcoming and nothing materialised!",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or55-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away. Is not worth it.,"It was just bad.. The smell that slap you hard in the face when you take the first step in to the room.. Dirt on the walls. Dirty bathroom. And a shower that makes you want to take a shower afterwards.   I tried to wash my hands, but the soap dispenser just exploded in my hand, and the only thing i accomplished was to get someone's pubic hair on my hand..  don't think about using the wifi, most of the time you could not even load google.com.. Sharing a 600kb's Internet connection at a hotel is a joke..   The breakfast was simple. Eggs, toast, beans. The juice was room temperature.. but the tea was nice.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or60-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not good,"We stayed here one night and that was enough. It was not easy to find the hotel. We kind of got lost in some streets and ended up walking through a very rough neighbourhood. We did not feel safe at all when walking there.  The room of the hotel was okey, but the shower was pretty disgusting. We went to the pub, which was next door, and we felt like we weren't welcome.  The breakfast was not very good and when we came into the room there wasn't much plates and bowls left. We had to share bowl for the cereal..  Hade the same experience as a previous customer about geting a mail in the middle of the night saying the booking was cancelled.very confusing.  Don't stay here, there are better hotels in central London!",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or60-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Shopping in Lindon,"Went on the 4 th of July 2015. On arrival there was no one there to meet us and had to ring a number twice and then waited for 45 mins for someone to arrive. Booked a twin room and ended up with two single rooms on different floors. Once in the room, the shower was faulty and shower curtain was mouldy, food was nothing great to go by, so we ate out most of the time. Would not recommend go here!!!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or60-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Zero!,"Okay, so at the price I can turn a blind eye to many things. I cannot turn a blind eye to: walls that are flaking, water pressure that is poor and my personal pet peeve breakfast service starting 40 minutes late.  The gentleman running it lacks interpersonal skills, even an apology for a late breakfast would have helped.   My advice: avoid. ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or60-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, avoid by any means!!!!","I could not score zero, but would have liked to do that.  As one of the previous guests wrote this establishment should not be even calling itself a hotel. It is dirty, smelly, and disgusting. No tea of coffee making facilities, horrible dirty stinking carpets. My  ""double"" room was around 4 meters square. Mattress was lumpy,covered with stains, everything was really smelly in the room , no air- conditioning, and the smell from the bathroom was really overpowering. windows were dirty, it was very noisy in the evening ( music pounding downstairs) even on the second floor. Breakfast was awful, please avoid it- there is Starbucks and Costa in 10 min walk. Staff very indifferent. Wi fi quite poor. Considering that they charge around £70 a night - complete rip off.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or60-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",baytree hotel london,Rooms bit small but what do u expect for the price very comfy bed tv in room works perfect with all built in freeview breakfast standard cornflakes juices tea toast egg and beans close to shops in Stratford 15 min walk or minicab taxi for 5 pound so easy to go round London by tube,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or65-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Luckily it was just for the night!,"I will start by saying that for under £60 I should have probably expected what we got. On arrival, the reception was locked, we rang the bell but no one came down and there was a number on a piece of paper tapes to th door to call. I went to call and then someone came down. He was pleasant enough and checked us in and told us where our room was. The room was small and the bed I'm sure was 3/4 size and not a double. There was no TV in the room (it had either been stolen or removed for some reason as the fittings etc were still on the wall. You couldn't lock the door using the key from the inside and they had made a latch lock that was secured by one of those door chain things (I have photos). On looking out of the window the first thing noticed on the ledge was a used condom and…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or65-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Simply Horrendous,"This place is shocking.  We booked it as we were at an event in Olympic Park.  We had a double room with no tea and coffee making facilities, and one that smelt of a dead rat.  We were supposed to be there for 3 nights but negotiated a refund after the first night.  The final straw was being woken at 4 in the morning by a radiator playing out a high pitched drilling noise.  We then entertained breakfast which consisted of either raw scrambled eggs or burnt fried eggs, cold baked beans and a fruit juice that tasted like urine.  How on earth this place can be seen as a hotel is beyond me.  It's dirty, foul and simply terrible.  Stay away!",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or65-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here! It is disgusting!,Room stunk of bleach but was still filthy. Shower curtain mouldy. Paper peeling off walls. Hole in ceiling with toilet roll shoved in it. No kettle in room. Breakfast is egg on mouldy toast or stale cornflakes! Disgusting! We refused to eat there! We complained and got a partial refund! Do not stay here unless you really are desperate!,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or65-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, 10 min walk to station","I stay at this little hotel occasionally and I find the manager friendly and rooms I have been in comfortable. Since you can't make hot drinks in your room I go to the nearby cafés owned by Bulgarian or Algerian families.  Breakfast is just toast, eggs and drinks but you can get full English breakfasts in cafes along nearby Romford Road or outside the Stratford Centre. I was initially worried that Vicarage Lane is a bit dark at night and this hotel has a pub beneath it. But I've never been hassled going into the hotel or the pub on my own for a drink and to watch football games. In fact a woman bar staff member once found something I'd left behind and returned it to the hotel. I'd recommend this place for people who don't need to be right next to the train and bus station and…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or65-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"We stayed here for one night with our daughter and her friends to go to a gig at the O2. It was cheap and it looked OK from the photos that saw on Booking.com so went for it. The initial impression of the hotel is good, the lobby looks basic but clean with a reception desk at the very back. You're prompted for payment straight away which I find a bit annoying but if that's their policy then so be it. I can't really speak for the triple room that the kids stayed in (but they didn't really complain, except for the lack of a view but what did they expect!?) so I'm only going on my experience of the double room and the breakfast. The room *looked* okay when we got in, although we were immediately struck by the overpowering smell of mould, a quick investigation showed that it was…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or70-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this establishment calling itself a hotel!!!,"We wanted a hotel close to convenient public transport and the major shopping areas in East London, and this hotel seemed just the ticket. We hadn't seen or read any reviews prior to booking, and on checking in it soon became clear that this was not your regular hotel. The duty manager seemed friendly and welcoming enough, but that was where the good experience ended. He informed us that breakfast (not full English, as the booking had promised), would be served in the adjoining pub between 08:30 am and 10:30, but once we arrived in the breakfast room at 10:25 only to be shood back out and rudely informed that they had stopped serving breakfast. We pointed out that we had been informed that breakfast was served until 10:30, to no avail! The last order for breakfast needed to have…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or70-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute booking,The bay tree hotel was not our first choice but we were pleasantly surprised.  Especially after reading the previous reviews.  We arrived late afternoon via westfield and found our room comfortable and clean. Radiators working perfectly thank goodness as it was snowing outside.  Water piping hot and a good supply of towels.  Had a drink in the pub downstairs which was welcoming and friendly.  Especially the little dog called Bella!  Went next door to the fish and kebab takeaway.  Not really a fan of kebabs but this one was the best i have had outside Cyprus.  Really worth a visit.  Breakfast next morning was eggs on toast with or without beans.  Cooked very nicely and served with a smile. We paid £50 for the two of us! Fantastic value for money. ,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or70-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not re visit,Would not advertise as hotel but as guesthouse. A hotel normally has a receptionist 24/7..this didn't. It is not dirty but shabby. Room was very small and breakfast was not full english breakfast as advertised. Location was central though.,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or70-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,Room very small soon as you touch shower fell off wall no hot water for 2 days after complaining several times I got luke warm water and had to finish my stay early would not recommend this place as a contractor I have seen some places but this was not good face value looks ok and web site sells it well but this is not the case ,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or70-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not upto standard ,"Stayed in room 205 and although the room was small the bed was clean and comfortable. There was no welcome tray with tea and coffee etc. The main problem was lack of hot water. The first day I was told that someone had left a tap running and all the hot water had been used. The second day dawned with no hot water, again. Reported it and the guy at reception assured me that he would fix it or move me to another room. On returning to the room later I noticed there was some warm water, however, I decided to change hotels.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or75-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting in every way,"We made our booking mainly based on the location as being close to the O2 Arena. We'd also seen photos on websites such as booking.com and thought that the cost (£60) appeared very reasonable for Saturday night in London. How wrong we were...  We arrived at the hotel shortly after 4pm to find the reception door locked with a note requesting that people call one of two mobile numbers which I did.  I was told by the guy on the phone that he was 5 minutes away which, at the time, I didn't see a problem with. The 5 minutes passed and still nobody was opening up the reception so I called again and was told that he was now 2 minutes away. 20 minutes later I was stood outside of the reception door with my partner (and a confused looking French couple) as I spoke to booking.com to see…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or75-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Stay well away! Grubby hotel!,"We didn't expect the Ritz but this hotel is terrible. Grubby reception, filthy walls, dirty carpet on hallway/stairs. Room 106 was tiny with socket hanging off the wall, shower bracket broken, not all lights worked, no hairdryer as stated.....the list just goes on! The breakfast is eggs, toast & beans......definitely NOT the full english as stated when we booked it. A good 15 walk to Stratford Westfield Centre. We would NEVER use this hotel again.....",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or75-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointinglying dirty and uncared for. Many things were broken.,"I thought,  due to the price, it may leave a little to be desired. It did. I would not recommend you stay here unless you absolutely had no other option. The room was dirty, with a smell of drains as soon as you entered. The mirror fell off the wall, the bathroom toilet had poo caked on the side, the main door lock was broken, there was no light in the bathroom. It was depressing as soon as you entered. A place can be cheap and basic yet good quality if pride is taken in its appearance. This was not the case. We informed the staff but they did not seem that interested at all. The locatio was the only positive as was v. Close to Stratford station. We had an awful night there. I would not recommend it at all.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or75-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"We Stayed recently at the Bay Tree Hotel in Stratford, but it was very disappointing. The room was very small, & the shower had no tray, so each time we showered the bathroom floor flooded. You only got the room serviced if you left your key when you went out. The bed was comfortable, but the mattress was very stained with no mattress cover. When we booked, the booking form stated "" Full English Breakfast "" included, but the only items available were, eggs fried or scrambled & a small pot of beans & toast. No cereals were available. There are no coffee or tea making facilities in the room.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or75-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Doss house.,This hotel is attrocious.rooms were old tired and scruffy no facilities.staff absent or unhelpful.reception never open.breakfast was either two fried or scrambled egg with a tablespoon of beans and two toast.no cereal or bread or fruit.milk was made up powdered and the one fruit juice they had was disgusting and watery.wouldnt suggest this place to someone i couldnt stand and would never stay again even for free,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or80-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"We only wanted one night somewhere whilst going to an event in London so we searched for a cheap hotel online. Baytree came up and the photos looked ok, location ok and £60 for the night. So, a little cheaper than the chain hotels. When we arrived it looked like an amateur set up but clean enough in reception. But as we walked up the stairs to the room we could see mounds of dirt and dust on the steps. The hallway light was broken so it was pitch black down the corridor to our room and we were greeted by a very nasty smell that just got worse inside the room. The lock on the door was a simple slide lock that you would see on a toilet door and there was a huge gap under the door and as you had two steps to walk down that gap was then your eye level when in bed.  The quilts were…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or80-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"Booked this hotel to explore Olympic park, website looked good, rooms looked nice and breakfast included. What I got was a shoebox room, a roller blind that was broken, no mattress protectors, no tea or coffee facilities, no rainforest shower, just a handheld thing and worse of all cockroaches in the bathroom!! Breakfast was a joke, no where to sit, toast or eggs neither was edible! No one seemed to be in charge! Avoid it at all costs!!",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or80-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Never again will I stay here.,For cyclist who r thinking of saying here next year dont. Rooms r tiny its above pub so u wont get any sleep. Didnt lay out any breakfast considering the hotel was full off cyclists like most off the hotel do. Its not worth the money. I will be looking for another hotel next year. Even if it means paying more.its very over priced for what u get.,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or80-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL-DIRTY- Cockroaches,"when we checked in they hadn't a clue who we were..even with our booking reference number that I done online..so they gave us a tiny twin room instead of a double. .our sheets and pillows were stained with something like rust/water marks?! There was rubbish on the floor, cockroaches in our bathroom aswel as a massive spider and no toilet paper. . And there seems to be a party going on outside my door since I went to bed at midnight?! and its currently 5.54am...ive been in contact with front desk with my issues. .and nothing has been resolved. .I do not plan on staying for breakfast!!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or80-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Low Budget hotel,"Really not sure what to give this hotel.  When we sat at the Stansted Express in to London at 00:30 at night tuesday, I was told by mail that my card did not work and that the booking could not be maintained. I called the hotel and said that this had to be wrong and the card worked perfectly. I was told that there was nothing to bother with. Why send this mail then, even if it was from Booking.Com but the mail has been triggered by the hotel's action.  When we got there everything went fine. We got the room and it seemed ok.  The morning after we showered and towels we received daily, it turned out, it smelled just horrible when they were wet. It smelled so bad that I was sick.  Otherwise we had to call reception on two occasions where they were to place when we wanted the key…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or85-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in london Very bad for famlies,"very very bad hotel. early morning no water so we got late. shower was broke , no cleanness. i hate this hotel , staff was worst , no lift , no tea making facility and there is a pub so not good for family.  NEVER COME TO THIS HOTEL",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or85-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",not recommended,"staff is friendly but incompetent, there's no real service. It's also rather complicated and time consuming to reach the city center from there. The room was dirty and the tiny litter bin only got emptied when we asked for it. The two stars are just for the friendly staff and low price. ",None,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or85-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Really awful,"This hotel is an absolute joke. There is no tea or coffee making fcilities. No visitors allowed in your room so they have to have a coffee in the dirty filthy kitchen downstairs. The breakfast was just a puece of rubber(egg) on toast or beans on toast. I only booked this hotel because its FULL ENGLISH BREAKFAST was a real treat! No such luck we asked for clean cups for the coffee and we were given two cups which appeared to be staffs own! One was chipped and the other had a hand painted name on it.  The room was unclean and smelt of curry. The room is just above the extractor fan from next doors take away and all the unclean air from their fan is being pumped  out of the fan next to the bedroom window. The room has two dangerous steps just inside the room, if you were a bit…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or85-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",What an eye opener!,"On arrival we were greeted with a smile, made to pay immediately, given room key then told ""first floor"". Steep stairs led to a small hallway with our room being at the end. On opening the door, we found no space to get in as the bathroom door was right next to the entrance of the room. The bed was ""built"" right next to the two Windows which opened only far enough to get a slight breeze. There was no room to get round the bed both sides so had to climb over each other to get in bed. No mattress protector, but bed quite comfy. No tea or coffee making facilities although website said there were. Bathroom small and rain shower fixed to the wall was broken so had to hold small shower head with one hand and try to wash with the other! Breakfast was served by a grumpy girl in the pub…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or85-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't keep my dog in it,"Absolutely the most disgusting place I've ever stayed! Dirty scruffy. No bin toilet roll holder or toilet brush( holder there). It says hair dryer, NONE it says tea/coffee facitilties oh yes down two flights of stairs to the disgusting dirty kitchen, where they cook you ""full English breakfast"" mmm really either rubber egg on hard cold toast OR beans either I'm not English or this ain't breakfast, when you want to talk to someone reception shut no one around, surprise! Not recommended at all",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or90-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and disgusting,Staff awful. Place is filthy.  Neighbourhood awful.  Never again.  We did not dare venture to breakfast.  Guy on desk could not tear himself away from his phone to talk to us.  Then they tried to cancel our booking after we arrived! Utter rubbish all round!,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or90-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"They say you get where you pay fore. But this is the worse Hotel we ever visit. Room dirty and noisy from street traffic. Bad room need renovation full of dirt and stand on floor to shower. No clean towels no beds made up during the stay. Not even a cub for your toothbrush. Full English breakfast where? I ask the girl if they have more to put on the table but the answer was no, two scramble eggs some beans and plastic cubs with marmalade every day the same.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or90-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",stay away!,"-location bad, far from the tube /20 minutes/, although the bus stop is about 5 miutes. -neigborhood terrible, lot of bad face on the street. -staff unfriendly, don't say anything, just give the key and tells the room number -you don't get any receipt of the payment, of course -room is rubbish, sheets are dirty and cracked. -there is no shower cabin or tub in the bathroom, need to stand on the floor and water flows everything -the reservation said  sound-proof rooms, I heard everything from the next room -late night and early morning door banging -after these things I decided to skip breakfast, I couldn't eat or drink anything from this house!",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or90-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful hotel,Was a little worried what to expect when arriving here seeing that the hotel was above a pub but had no problems at all with noise on the two nights we stayed. The room was missing a small wardrobe or somewhere to put your clothes and the bathroom was rather small but for a clean and comfortable affordable base for a weekend visit to London it was adequate. Breakfast was served in the pub but on the first morning there were no tables free so we decided to go to the wetherspoons just a few minutes walk away. Would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or90-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Break,"I chose this hotel because of its price and location. I was quite surprised with what they had managed to do with the space. In all it had what was needed in a budget hotel and was well decorated and very clean. Would I visit again, most defiantly!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or95-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Nice for a city trip!,We booked 2 double rooms and it was enough for a city trip where you just stay for sleeping. At the time of arrival the heating was not working but after telling that to the reception 2 times it got fixed. Breakfast was ok and all in all a good guesthouse for a 4 day city trip!,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or95-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Small Room, questionable ""Full English"" breakfast?!","Staff reasonable on 'need to communicate' basis.  Time has been spent on making this adaptation to a pub look modern, although cheap looking fitting do let it down.  Room very small but adequate for our 1 night, bathroom required better cleaning along with fixing the dodgy toilet seat. Price states Full English Breakfast included (Fab I thought) - Reality was more Hmm where?!......... Toast, oil soaked scrambled egg and small pot of cold baked beans.  Quite let down, poor show!!",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or95-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Looks great on the pictures,"Looked great on the pictures, but not so great upon arrival.  The staff is friendly and welcoming, but the rooms are so tiny that the bed fills most of the space on the room. Breakfast is good enough to keep you from starving, but that's just it.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or95-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Sleepless Night,"Stayed for one night and that was one night too long.  We chose this hotel as it is fairly close to 'Westfield Stratford City' shopping centre. On approach to the hotel we were made to feel uneasy as we were eyeballed by numerous people as we walked down the street - the area was rough looking. Check-in was easy enough however, and the 'rain shower' was fairly impressive. The bed was also relatively comfortable, but that was as good as it got. According to the website the rooms are sound proof but this is a myth. The noise (music and singing) in the early hours of the morning was unbearable and we couldn't get any sleep once woken by it. I'm not sure whether it came from outside, downstairs, or another room, but it was impossible to ignore. Decided to lift the blind and look…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or95-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Never ever,"The worst hotel I ever stayed at. Stayed for three nights. After first night, I had to ask for changing a room as it was impossible to fall asleep because of noise from the road there and because of cold going through the windows. They changed us the room but the best was yet to come. We got back on the hotel at around 2AM and the door was closed, nobody answered on ringing the bell and nobody answered on phone calls so we were forced to search for another hotel in neighborhoods at 2.30AM!! Finnaly we had to wait like 20mins while checking out as there was nobody on the reception. Btw they didnt take my credit card and they told me it happens some times. Resume - Hotel on a noisy street, terrible reception, poor breakfast, small rooms. Never ever.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or100-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"I initially booked a room with 2 single beds for one night only. When I arrived and checked out the room I was shocked to see damp patches covering 3/4 of the ceiling. I complained to the hotel staff and after an argumentative discussion he finally offered me another room. This had no damp patches, but I found 8 long dark hairs in the bed, the cushions had wine stains over them, our door did not lock from the inside so I had to prop a chair against the door during the night. The location is close to Westfield but when both I and my daughter returned after 10.30pm to the hotel we were harassed but a group of young men which frightened us. We did not try breakfast as I did not have any confidence that it would be any good. Will not be returning or recommending either.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or100-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible horrible horrible!,"I payed to stay in this hotel when attending a concert at the O2 arena. I am glad I did not spend more than 2 nights as it was an awful experience, the area in which is situated is rough and quite frightening,  after dark gangs rome the streets and hooded guys hang around ATM machines, not nice and felt very uncomfortable when walking from the train station to the hotel. As for the hotel itself it is above a pub so there is music blaring until all hours of the morning,  the rooms are tiny and grubby shower, which I avoided using.  There are no tea or coffee making facilities like the website advertises and the staff were miserable and strange.  Upon arrival I was expecting to be able to pay by card as the booking confirmation had stated so but this was not the case,  the card…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or100-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice hotel,"Me and my girlfriend spended 4 nights in this hotel and it was very nice! Good cleaning, good bed, good breakfast and really friendly workers! And we did not feel unsafe walking around the neigborhood by 11:30pm (23:30h). Despite we did not eated in any you can find a lot of small and cheap restaurants (fish & chips, kebabs, caribbean, etc...) were you can lunch or dinner and a shopping center too. A good choice! 8 min from the closest subway/train/bus station (Stratford station).",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or100-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"My boyfriend and I chose to stay at the Baytree because it was a cheaper option than the more central hotels, but is only a short walk from Stratford station. We were slightly dubious about staying at the pub, but the hotel section of the building has its own entrance so it feels very separate.  The room was small but clean and comfortable, and it was good to have free Wi-Fi and a small TV. However, there were no tea and coffee facilities as advertised, which was disappointing. The bathroom was again small and although there was a lovely rain shower, there was no separate shower cubicle so the whole floor gets wet.  The most disappointing thing about the hotel was the breakfast. The choice was limited (no bacon!) and what we did get wasn't at all appetising, so we didn't bother…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or100-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable with a great location,"My boyfriend and I stayed here for a weekend in January, this hotel is small and clean. The bed was very comfortable and the shower was gloriously warm every morning. Although the room was quite small it was perfect for us, the music was loud on Saturday night but that is the same in most hotels. The hotel was only a 5-10 minute walk away from stratford station where you could get the tube to any destination. West fields was also fantastic with so many shops I could have spent my entire weekend there. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or105-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London","Very good, tidy",Very tidy and cleany hotel and very hearty staff. English breakfast included. Quite cheap. Only 10 minutes walking from Stratford Underground/Station and 15 minutes from Stratford Westfield Centre. With the Central Line only 20-25 minutes to City of London. Very quiet area.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or105-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Clear,"We chose this hotel because it was close to our daughters unit, but the room was small, hot,noisey the shower flooded into toilet area each time it was used. The breakfast was disgusting. The area and location to stratford station was fine but the hotel is best suited to backpackers but would be overpriced.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or105-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if you can,"I booked a triple room for 2 nights as we were attending an event in Stratford but when we arrived at the hotel we were told that we had 1 double room and 1 single room. I asked why i was not informed of this before i arrived seeing as they had my phone number and email and the man on reception lied and said that he had called, spoken to a man on my phone and he said it was ok. I don't have a man who would or could answer my phone which i told the guy on reception but he was insistent that a man had told them this was ok, obviously to these staff the customer is not always right! We were not informed of when breakfast was either.  Our rooms were tiny and seemed to be on a rough extension of the main hotel, both rooms were like a sauna.   No tea/coffee making facilites in the…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or105-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Very clean but small,We stayed here for 2 nights whilst going to watch a concert at the O2. The location isn't great and is at least a 15 min walk from tube. The room was very small but modern and clean. However extremely hot and only one window opened slightly. The hotel staff weren't very helpful but If you like being left to your own devices then it is perfect! The pub underneath is a friendly place and good to go for a drink. Breakfast was poor but for the price we paid it was to be expected. I would go back but not in a hurry! ,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or105-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't be first choice,"We stayed for 2 nights as we were at an event at the Olympic park, clean room but so small you just bump into the furniture - no fire escape plan either in the room?? No tea or coffee in the room so for £85 per night shouldnt this be standard? Never had ""hot dog"" sausage and warmed up scrambled eggs before for breakfast, hence we didn't bother to go down on the second morning...don't think we will be booking again.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or110-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",WATER WATER EVERYWHERE - BUT NO GLASS !,"This is a hotel above a pub but it is surprisingly quiet.(the pub and the hotel are totally separate)  Good quality room, comfortable bed and a fan which is useful as the room (105) is very public so didn't have the window open. Bathroom / shower small but did the job. No tea making facilities in the room which is not a big issue as hotel room tea is not that great but there was not even a glass to use for a drink of water. I queried this and was told I need to go to the pub and ask for a glass. Didn’t bother and bought my own glass instead. That’s about the only thing to complain about. I have booked again and will bring my own glass.  The area is not great but Newham is one of the poorer London Boroughs and Olympic fever never reached this part of Stratford. The pub is a…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or110-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",SMALL HOTEL........,"The hotel is located 10-15 minutes away from Stratford Station, in not a very friendly neightbourhoood (full of imig).  The rooms are small, bathrooms incredibly  small, breakfast is poor as well (no bacon, mushrooms and tomate for a British breakfast ???). The service is awful, just one persons serving and cocking.....come on !! There might be people on a rush. I would recommend the hotel a self serving breakfast. If you still decide to stay at the hotel, beware of rooms nr 1S, 2S, 3S which are in a secondaryblock. We stayed in 2S, a tiny room with a awful view facing....a roof !! Never going to stay there again...and won’t recommend.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or110-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",good for an overnight stay if visiting the O2,"We stayed here for one night, there was 3 of us sharing a triple room,which was good for what we wanted. The room was very clean. It would be better to have tea/coffee facilities in the room especially when you have been travelling, however we did get a cup of tea after we had asked but had to carry these upstairs.Felt the staff could have been a little more informative to tell you when breakfast etc was being served. The breakfast is very basic but fills the gap. The only worry we had is when we first got there the fire door was blocked with bags but this did get moved later on, there are bars on your window so the only access route is through the door.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or110-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and comfy...but not the best,Booked hotel for just the one night when we arrived looked a bit tatty outside but nice decor inside even though their was a leak in reception! The member of staff on reception wasn't very chatty and didn't mention anything about breakfast but just gave us our room key. Next to our room was the fire exit which was blocked by bags and boxes and the fire route outside was also blocked by old mattresses (this was my view out the window) There was 3 of us sharing a room and it was quite small but the beds were clean even though down the sides weren't! Beds were comfy and the bathroom clean nice and quiet considering above a pub! Breakfast was a bit of a shambles as we did not get what we ordered so I didn't really see the point of having a menu and instead of sausages we got fried…,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or110-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Will do the job,"We crashed here for two nights while attending an event at the O2. The hotel is clean and gives a good value for the money after UK standards (too bad everything is so damn expensive in London!). The rooms are very small, but the bathroom is even smaller; also the tiny plasma TV matched the minimalist feel. The staff is very nice, but excruciating slow when it comes to serving breakfast (it will take 30 min to get it over with although there is no much food on the plate, so take that into account when you plan your day). You need to borough the hair dryer from the Reception and I suspect you'll have a hard time sleeping after 7.30, as the traffic gets intense (although the area is rather remote from the center and the central attractions). Bottom line, it's a place to crush for…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or115-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Bay Tree Hotel? Did not even stay more than two hours...,Here is my review for this property:  Photos shown give the impression that the lobby and rooms are much larger than they are. After having to carry my luggage up a steep flight of stairs I was shown a small room where a bed was shoved against a wall leaving a small passage on one side to pass to the bathroom. I could literally touch both walls when I opened my arms. The toilet was placed between the shower cubicle and a wall and one could barely fit into this space. I was travelling on business with a colleague of mine and he was given the same size room. We immediately went to the reception and complained about the rooms and where advised that we had booked single rooms and this is why the rooms were small.  Tea and coffee making facilities as advertised on the hotel website…,Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or115-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",OK if you must.,"We stayed here for just the one night. the bed, towels and room were spotless but one gets the impression six months down the line from the olympics it wont be ! lots of stairs and no lift. no complimentary tea tray in room (needed after traveling all day) Breakfast was appalling i asked for fried egg and beans on toast and got beans only, I sent it back and got scrambled egg at this point i decided to eat it and move on, My partner asked for sausage and got hotdog sausage there was no bacon on the menu which led me to assume it was a halal breakfast even though this was not advertised.  In the bar we were asked if we required an ashtray!! other than that the staff were friendly but the hotel is definateley budget. I wouldn't return or recommend it.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or115-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",distinctly average,"not quite as good as advertised! No hairdryer or tea/coffee facilities in the room as described. We were in a pokey little room which was ok for two for one night, but not any longer. Rooms were nicely decorated and finished to a fairly high standard, and beds were comfortable. The bathroom was adequate for a short stay although there was a strong unpleasant smell of drains emanating from the bathroom... Perhaps a quick job had been done in order to satisfy Olympic demands. Breakfast was fairly standard for the price paid. We were in a room at the end of the corridor and could not hear much noise but i suspect if we had been closer to the middle it may have been different! Would look elsewhere before deciding to stay again!",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or115-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but still a little way to go,"I stayed here on 16 October as I had a meeting the following day.  I only paid £45 for the room, including breakfast and I did get reasonable value for money.  This is a refurbished pub but the rooms, although small, are warm and clean.  The decor is mostly good but there are some bits that still need work.  The staff are friendly and efficient.  The hotel is a good 10-15 minute walk from the main shopping/restaurant areas.  It doesn't do evening meals so you are faced with the choice of walking or getting a taxi to the nearest restaurant or taking advantage of the nearby takeaways.  There are a number of small shops very close by as well.  For the business traveller, the rooms miss some of the comforts, ie, there are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room and you have to…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or115-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay,Well the staff at the hotel were amazing and very delightfully friendly. Took care of our every needs. Hotel is recently renovated so every thing is new. Beds are very comfortable and I had a good night sleep. The pub is an advantage. Over all best place to stay for a vacation. It felt very secure. Thank you guys for giving us a good time,Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3245012-Reviews-or120-Baytree_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Baytree Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice pictures - but reality is a little less than luxury,"Ok so this is marketed on their website as luxury,and dazzling.....but no no no.  It is an old pub which is partly refurbished, not yet finished but I guess will be for the Games (nice materials, shocking workmanship).  Its a budget B and B. Staff are friendly and chatty, and I did mention my concerns to them... The room (single) was small, adequate, cleanish, and nicely decorated - but not finished...Everything just sort of painted over and looking like it is about to dismantle.  No it is not soundproof, you hear everything, stairs, doors, people walking...Wet area bathroom, with bad drainage means wet floor, and shower runs straight onto your toilet roll...No mattress protectors (alright while its new but...really). It was not really as advertised.  I paid around 56 pounds per…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
