,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or0-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",RUN,Was met by a young African American gentleman and was robbed of near all my possessions before I stepped in the door . the bed was damp and slept like a homeless ket addict under a bridge . Pretty sure I felt bugs crawling into my batty hole multiple times throughout my stay. Although the receptionist was polite,Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or0-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",RATS AND BUGS,The room was covered with bugs crawling everywhere. During the night a rat ran across the room from under the bed and the staff said they have a rat problem.  I asked for a refund and they refused. Then denied that they had a rat problem.,Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or0-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"Worst hotel i have ever been unlucky enough to step foot in. Mould all around my room wallpaper hanging off under the desk was a plug with wires hanging out that i nearly electorcuted myself on... when i went to reception there was an empty bag of drugs on the floor which i wasnt surprised by considering the way the visit had gone so far, i was however surprised that the receptionist had the audacity to say it might have fell from my person while i was making a complaint. Not to mention the fact there was a dribble at best from the shower and no hot water and when i opened the wardrobe it nearly fell on me as the hinges were hanging off. Was treated terribly at the reception and offered another room but i wanted to escape the hotel while i still had the legs to carry me and im greatful that i made it out alive.i have been staying in hotels and accomodation frequently for the last 6 years as my job involves staying away and i can honestly i have never experienced anything like as bad as this hotel is!!!…",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or0-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money!," Well if you would like to stay in a hotel for more than 2 days I wouldn’t recommend this one because of its location!  Let’s get into the positive stuff though..  - The room seemed clean and it was really warm, which was good for the cold days ! - VALUE FOR MONEY!!!!! If you want to stay on a certain budget and you want to spend less on a hotel, well that’s your choice! BREAKFAST INCLUDED! - It has everything for just a night sleep and maybe taste its morning breakfast, which I didn’t’cause I stayed for a night only! - Staff were really smiley and friendly!  Now the negatives..  - Although the hotel is located next to a bus stop that takes you to ""Stratford"" underground in less than 10 minutes... the neighborhood wasn’t good! It looked really dirty, old fashioned and I could say scary at night time! - The bathroom was really small in our room and it was a little disfunctional. - From our room we could hear everything that happened in the hall and everyone that was stepping into their rooms. - If there is no air conditioning then in the summer time it can be unbearable to stay there!  All and all..   If you want to stay for just a quick trip of two days time and don’t spend much money for a hotel..TTHIS IS A NICE CHOICE!   Other than that I wouldn’t recommend it for a longer stay! …",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or0-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",very poor,room almost clean food disgusting cold beans eggs and sausage was rubber hookers work from the hotel please give this a wide berth staff very unfriendly at all costs give any hotel on romford road a miss,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or5-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible! Disgusting!,I canceled when I arrived even though I already had paid the first night.. I just couldn’t stay there.. it was so disgusting!! The smell was horrible! Bugs all over the walls! There was obviously mold in there. The humidity was so much and the smell!!!  I have no words over how bad it was! The shower was also black so obviously mold there. The staff showed me another room on the upper floor and I didnt see bugs there. The smell was also better but still dirty shower so I cancelled and booked another hotel for my 5day stay here in london This hotel is the worst I have seen ever..,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or5-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Awful never again thank god it was only one night!,This has to be one of the worst hotels I’ve ever stayed in it was awful nothing like any of the photos seen when booking. The bedding was beyond disgusting with blood and urine stains on the mattress protectior and duvet and there was also pubic hairs in on one of our rock hard beds. The radiator was broken in one of our rooms and when we told reception they said there is no maintenance or house keeping over the weekend so if we couldn’t turn it down then tough basically ( I will add the receptionist did go in whilst we were out and manage to turn it off with a screwdriver ) one of the rooms was ground floor with patio doors that couldn’t  even be closed properly ( the area seemed pretty rough and run down so this was a bit of a worry all night so hardly slept at all ) then to…,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or5-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for one off ,It was clean and tidy so can’t complain. It was small and out dated but I’ve stayed in much worse. The staff were all friendly. Probably wouldn’t stay again but it done the job for one night and is in a good location to shops and restaurants.,Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or5-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",1 Night only,"On arrival first impressions were oh ohh. Filthy carpet (there is building work going on) Check in I get a room card and directed to a very narrow staircase with threadbare carpet and creaky stairs. Charm? No. Neglect?Yes. I was dreading the state of the room but initially it wasn’t as bad as I feared.At least it was clean -but there was a strange smell throughout the building (again could be linked to the building works). The shower cupboard (calling it a bathroom would be a stretch) was tiny and only the tiniest of people would fit on the toilet seat properly,a strange angle being required while taking a dump. The shower itself on cursory inspection looked fine-old but clean- but in use a different story. The controls were broken the water a trickle and the temperature…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or5-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Certainly wouldn't stay here again,"When I got to my room for my 2 night stay for work I found a broken toilet (the cistern was constantly overflowing) I was told there was nothing that could be done so my first night was spent listening to a constant river (it was repaired but not until the next day) no lamps or sockets by the bed, the room smelt of stale smoke and the smoke alarm was covered with plastic, the shower was boiling hot even on the lowest setting so I was unable to shower properly, the kettle in my room had a crack in it so your hand was burnt by the steam when you poured it, the bar wasn't open once during my 2 night stay, the decor needs updating and the floorboards need securing as they're VERY noisy, and I noticed sockets in the breakfast room which were literally hanging off the wall by the…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or10-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",hotel,"we stayed for 7 nights here..okay it is an older place and older looking area.. but the staff were on 24/7 which i didnt expect. very friendly and accomodating.. okay the decor was bland and carpet and corridor floors were a bit threadbare and old stlye. could do with a good spruce up but the beds were very comfortable..we had a twin room round and right down the back and the room was biggish.. we also had a buffet breakfast included which was basic but scrummy. the girls in the kitchen were very good and helpful..we had about a 20min walk into stratford.. had 2 24/7 small conveinience stores open close by,.. a small shopping area and a mcdonalds across the road",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or10-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Best value for money,Reception is very professional and friendly. Rooms are comfortable and spacious. Hotel is clean and tidy. Superb breakfast. Sensible prices. Very large car park. Conveniently situated on Romford Road between Stratford and Ilford.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or10-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have stayed in,"It  started well in the foyer but quickly went downhill. From a room that barely fits the ancient spiky bed, the shower that either dribbled ice water or dribbled boiling water either way not enough volume to wash. The high point of the stay was the 4am wake up by a disgruntled client, a lady of the night and her heavy...",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or10-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Dated decor. Very noisy. Dirty showers and broken floor tiles in bathroom. Grey net curtains on bedroom windows. Curtains didn’t close fully. Some sockets in room didn’t work. No bedside lamps. Some sort of Chinese effect mirror above wash basin for some reason? Stayed for two nights and tea / coffee used didn’t get replaced on a daily basis. Didn’t feel safe to leave anything of value in the room at any time. My room was on the front of the building and extremely noisy and didn’t get much sleep at all. Breakfast was okay but the only station available on the tv was a shopping Chanel . When in the room kept feeling like I was being bitten by insects. There was also a mouse bait station under the desk? All in all wouldn’t stay again ,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or10-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Awful in every sense,I stayed here for one night ahead of the 100-mile RideLondon event. Other than being near the start of the event the rest of the experience was very unpleasant.  The hotel is VERY dated and in poor state of repair. It is on a busy road and the windows do not seal properly which means that at night it sounds like you are sleeping on the pavement. The noise issue is compounded by the fact that the wooden floors are in bad shape and and you can feel/hear everyone walking past your room. The bathroom was tiny and dirty. So dirty that I decided that I was better off not having a shower at all.  Never again.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or15-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"Not great. Dirty, poorly maintained, and judging by the breakfast some of the staff members blatantly don’t care about looking after guests (mass-cooked fried eggs just left to sit for hours). One night receptionist (Tariq) was very helpful, though. Fine for a quick budget stay if you need to, but otherwise best avoided.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or15-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",awful experience,"We booked for 1 night, then added on another night a few weeks later ( confirmed by Booking.com that the hotel had accepted our request for a 2nd night, all confirmations received also) only for us to arrive and they only had us staying for the one night. The Receptionist looked disinterested and never smiled once, rarely looked at us. While we were there, she called a couple of people(who were clearly staff as she was calling them by their first names) to see if they were coming in that day. She then said to us that she had called guests to see if they were still staying that night, we were gobsmacked!! She then called their sister hotel which was approx. 3 miles further away to where we wanted to be, and they could provde us with a room for the Friday night but not the…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or15-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"My husband, two sons (14 & 11) and I stayed for one night at the Newham hotel in Rotherham whilst visiting the London Stadium for an athletics event. The key card to our room didn't work so we were given a new room immediately. Our room had a double bed and two singles which was clean but a little dark and quite hot even with the window open. Rooms would benefit from a portable fan. Breakfast on Sunday morning was between 7 and 9am. The hotel boasted an ""all you can eat buffet breakfast"" this should have been more aptly named ""all you can find breakfast"" no plates, no cutlery, no glasses, coffee ran out, no eggs and when they did turn up they were rock hard. Guests were constantly asking the two girls for different things. It seemed like they were terribly understaffed, like the…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or15-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Suitable if attending a concert at Queen Elizabeth Stadium!,"Stayed for 1 night after a concert at Queen Elizabeth Stadium. There were 4 of us (2 couples) so both had double rooms. Rooms were very small and basic, as were bathrooms. However for what you pay it is more than suitable. Breakfast is included in the price although constantly running out of food, not restocked quick enough, especially if you are in a hurry! Buses to Stratford run every 4 minutes across the road which is ideal! And if you drive up they have a big car park. In all honesty I wouldn't stay here again, but it suited our needs so all good.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or15-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a Budget Hotel! Great Location!,"Many of these reviews do not do this place justice - Need to remember this is a 2* hotel and you get what you pay for. Hotel is just a short 5-minute walk from Forest Gate station, and so you can jump on the train very easily.  We went to see Beyonce at the weekend at the Olympic Stadium, and so this hotel was perfect, as only 2 stops from where we needed to be!  Okay, so the rooms are a little old-fashioned, and yes you may have a bit of black on the grout in the shower, but it is only £65 a night and in a good location!  I inspected the bed and it was clean and fresh, and actually, I had a very good night's sleep!!     Only thing I was concerned about was the electrics - There was an extension lead which had one plug socket all burnt out, and another with plastic snapped off…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or20-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",a good cheap hotel,We booked The Newham Hotel as we were looking for an inexpensive overnight stay near Stratford London with a car park. This was very suitable for our needs. 24 hour reception a good clean bed  and room and a  good breakfast.I would stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or20-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay for budget price,Stayed for two night while attending a festival in Victoria park. The room (number 1) was quite small but it was clean and comfortable. All the basics were there. There is a number of bus routes just outside the door and only 10 mins to stratford station. Breakfast is included for all guests however we didnt eat in the hotel so cannot comment on the food. Would stay again as overall suited us very well.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or20-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay on a budget,This hotel is a great place to stay on  budget. The rooms are clean and comfortable I wouldn't say spacious but I have no complaints. There are good transport links to the city with plenty of regular buses to Upton park. There are plenty of places to eat nearby and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or20-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Good price ..comfortable..nice breakfast,For 60 quid I was expecting alot worse but was pleasantly suprised...the room was basic but comfortable and a full english breakfast. Reception staff friendly and let us leave our bags so we could explore London,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or20-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"I stayed here for one night whilst on business, the room for one night cost £75 and I at least would have expected the room to be clean & tidy. Won’t be staying here again! The bathroom was an absolute disgrace and looks like it hadn’t been cleaned after the previous occupants. Dated furniture , awful decor and room cold.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or25-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy and disgusting ,"What a dump! The staff were  pleasant but sad to say that's the only good thing. When I arrived I was handed the remote control for the TV with the room key....that didn't bode well! There was one double plug the room was shabby the furniture cheap and nasty. However. The room stank of mould! It was rank! The shower was so bad I refused to shower in it. The sink smelt of sewage and the toilet did not flush properly. Needless to say I did not sleep well!!! I was in room 5. When I complained the lady on reception was not going to accept that there was a problem until I showed her a picture of the shower I had taken on my phone. Breakfast I didn't try. Overall yeuch yeuch and double yeuch!!!!! Avoid!, I put in a formal complaint to my place of work. Never again....",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or25-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,We stayed here overnight whilst relocating our sons accommodation for university. Booking in was easy and the receptionist was polite and friendly. The room was clean and comfortable except for the rock hard pillows. The bathroom however whilst clean had a broken thermostat on the shower and the shower plug was blocked and the tiles black and mouldy. There were good tea making facilities and the T.V had numerous channels. Breakfast was buffet and help yourself with a reasonable selection  and tasted good. Would stay here again overnight but not for any longer.,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or25-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Fine For One Night, Nothing More","We stayed here when we saw Guns N Roses in The Olympic Park, it was a very basic hotel with not many facilities, our room was on the first floor, very strange layout of the hotel, stairs to go up and then more stairs to go down the corridor to our room.  Room was okay, bed, sink, tv and cupboards. The windows didn't stay open on their own and had to be propped open with a plank of wood. It just so happened that we stayed there on one of the hottest days of the year (June 23rd 2017), There was no air  con or fans in the room, to the point it was uncomfortably hot.  We did request a fan but was told that they had already been given out. We were getting ready to go to the concert with the room door wide open, both windows and it was far too warm to the point where our makeup was…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or25-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Rather good. ,"My wife and I stayed here as it was quite close to the Olympic Park.  As I was participating in Ride London, I wanted somewhere close and reasonably priced.  I got both!  The hotel itself is clean and looked after our needs.  Let us park the car there all day and come back well after the checkout time and at no extra cost.   The only downside would be the constant emergency sirens throughout the night,  there is a police station nearby or this could just  be city life?  I will definitely use this place again,  good hotel and nice people running it.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or25-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Worth the money, nothing more.","We stayed for 4 nights in two separate rooms. Considering the prize we payed for our stay and the fact we only needed some place to sleep in, it was good enough, but the poor condition of the hotel was a source of constant jokes during our stay.   The rooms smelled like mould, and there were suspicious looking stains on the wallpapers. The carpet on the floor was ancient and I didn't want to look at it any closer. There was no air condition, opening the window helped but it didn't feel safe leaving it open in such neighbourhood. Someone had clearly tried to fix the rooms but without much skills. The toilet with it's mismatching seat was a joke and it never flushed properly. The shower wasn't much better. The water pressure was so low that washing my hair took a lot of patience,…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or30-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Location ,"We stayed here after a concert at the Olympic stadium. You can walk, takes about 30mins, but there are frequent buses to and from Stratford stopping nearby. Shops are near if you forget anything and Wetherspoons is around the corner.  The hotel was clean and quiet even though it's on a main road, you don't notice. The room is basic but that's all you need for 1 night. Tea and coffee in room. The bathroom wasn't great, shower needed a good clean, other than that room was fine.   Breakfast wasn't too good, the staff couldn't keep up with people arriving so you had to wait for things. It was busy and not enough space during breakfast.   Would stay again. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or30-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not a hotel,"Do not bother stopping at this ""hotel"". Didn't seem like we stopped in a hotel, our room was next door to the main hotel that seemed to be converted flats or offices. Shower was dirty with no toiletries, door to the room would not lock properly. Minimal toilet paper. Beds? Sort of I suppose if that's what you'd call them. Didn't even bother stopping for breakfast, couldn't wait to get out.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or30-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Superb for price,"We have been staying in various hotels on bus routes for the the QE2 Stadium/Westfield.  I was a bit nervous about this place, being just up the road from the infamous Forest Gate Police Station on the Romford Road!   I would say this hotel is 3* with some 2* issues!  On the whole it is very clean. No additional services on site but the staff are so very helpful nothing is a problem.  One BIG BIG PLUS this hotel has is included and very secure parking - VERY impressed with that.  Very efficient and tasty buffet breakfast. A fresh rack of toast on our table before our bums were on seats!  Excellent.    This hotel is offering a good deal for anyone visiting :-)",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or30-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not the Ritz...,"There are some good points to this hotel, the location is great for public transport links. The number 86 bus stops right outside the hotel and runs frequently all day and night. The free parking and breakfast were great as we only paid £32.50 per night, fantastic price for a stay in London. The beds were comfy enough and the room appeared to be clean. The staff all seemed to be friendly and helpful and the vending machine came in handy, although there is a garage and a McDonald's opposite the hotel too.  However there quite a few downfalls to our stay. Firstly we had to ask for more towels and another remote for the TV when we arrived. The light bulbs all went out one by one during our 2 night stay so we had to get the handyman to change them. As soon as he did, one went out…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or30-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Surprised,"Needed to be in East London, so just picked an averaged price hotel that provided breakfast. Was a bit concerned when I read the reviews, but it was only for a few nights. I was surprised by the standard of the rooms, large, comfy beds and clean bathrooms, but disappointed with no air conditioning- not something you always need in uk, but we just happened to be in the middle of a heat wave! Breakfast was very good, fresh and unlimited. My main disappointment was that there were riots outside the hotel in the evening, and through the night, so police would not let us out, due to the street fires I had to close the window, which made the room very warm, the hotel did not offer any help with situation.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or35-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Went to see Robbie williams,Broken bed no toiletries no toilet roll Decor of the room was tired needs redecorating notice no fire extinguishers or fire notices.. Breakfast  was chaotic and disorganised. Cannot blame the restaurant staff as they were rushed of their feet. like the sign! have a good night sleep if only that was true.,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or35-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse in room!,"Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. General cleanliness of place is disgusting, frayed carpets,walls needing painted badly lamps with no bulbs in them . First night at hotel after seeing a concert on Friday 16/6/17 noticed a mouse in the room....naturally we got the night porter to come up to the room- his answer was that he couldn't see it and couldn't relocate us to another room as they were fully booked he didn't even offer an apology! We couldn't go elsewhere as all hotels in area where booked for concert! Worst night sleep ever! Next day we were relocated to another room-no surprise or explanation about the mouse? Bathroom was full of dampness and room smelled musty. Staff have no customer services skills at all ..avoid like the plague.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or35-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not a bad stay,"Hotel is in a good location to travel to Westfield and London Stadium, the train station is a short walk away and the journey is a couple of stops. Parking is free and plenty of space, wifi is free, breakfast was included with our booking. We had hair dryer and iron in our room and tea making although just a couple of sachets left daily. Bed was comfortable, shower worked fine. Room was a bit hot and we were unable to change this as radiator wasn't on and window didn't let much air in, plus we were on ground floor so wouldn't leave open when out. Staff were friendly. High Street shops and pubs etc a short walk away. Breakfast was earlier than we would have liked and seemed to be the case with all guests as everyone showed up in the last half hour which then meant there wasn't…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or35-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Very impressed,"If you're working in London (the south/east part of it) then you can do much worse than stop in this very nice guesthouse. It's a 10 min bus ride (No 86, bus stop just across the road) from the Jubilee Line (Stratford), so you're very accessible, and there's a car park, so while in town your car's safe, and you've easy access to public transport. I received a very warm welcome on arrival, and the receptionist was very helpful in working out my transport game plan for the following day. The room was very comfortable, with TV, bathroom, tea/coffee and a comfy bed. I had 2 good nights of sleep. I also had 2 lovely breakfasts, and at all time I found the staff helpful and friendly. All in all, very impressive, and perfect if you're working away, and want a very good, value for money…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or35-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Average, no working a/c",Spent there couple of nights and our expectations were not fulfilled at all. Small uncomfortable rooms with almost no day light and windows impossible to open. As outside was around 30'C you can imagine the sauna conditions in the room moreover when the a/c is basicaly non existing. Well the money paid for this hotel is not equal to the service quality and range we obtained here. The only positive thing was the english breakfast which we enjoyed a lod every day but overall I would not recomment this place to stay.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or40-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare stay,"Just returned after staying In the place for two nights, Friday 26th and Sat 27th May, we were on the ground floor at he front of the hotel. Saturday we left the hotel at around 1pm  to go to a concert, upon our return at around 12.30 pm there was bunch of around 10 to 15 youths in the car park sat on the wall which is very close to the downstairs rooms drinking singing and playing music, this went on till around 3 am, dont know If they were guest or just local youths, not nice when this is going on a few feet outside your window. And speaking of windows upon entering our room the sash window had been left open all day by the cleaners !!!!!!!!!!!!, Its a downstairs room, right next tot he road, thank god we hadn`t been burgled !!!, I went to reception to complain, ""Oh this is a…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or40-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Very friendly reception,"Receptionist who I believe is named toma was very friendly and professional. For the price and a nights stay this is a very nice hotel. I would stay again parts of the hotel were unfinished, however it was clean. The breakfast  included in the price was adequate.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or40-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Staying for London Marathon,Have stayed here on 7 occasions. Have seen the hotel gradually improve over this time. Efficient booking in and out. Given a better room than the one that I had booked. The staff were all friendly and polite and very helpful. Room was clean and comfortable.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or40-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Book somewhere else!,"I stayed here with my friend and her 2 teenage daughters. We had a family room. We were greeted by a lovely receptionist who was so helpful with directions to the city, bus and train information and wished us a pleasant stay.  The room was certainly big enough for us and clean but did smell a bit.  I poured some pop into one of the coffee cups only to discover it was dirty. Although right next to a busy road, we barely heard the traffic from our room. Unfortunately we could hear pretty much everything else from inside the hotel. Lots of banging, walking up and down corridors and doors opening and closing all through the night. The shower was nice and hot but no floor mat, so tiles became slippery when wet. We woke at 7.30am and went for breakfast around 8.30, it was very…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or40-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",were not alone,sat on the bed to watch in horror as mice yes two of them ran across the floor. on investigation we found a big hole under the bed with evidence of mice activity we conplanned to the front desk and were there'd another room in that room we found a hole in plane sight filled with wire wool. we think they have a problem with mice.,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or45-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for a cheap(ish) stay,"Cheap and basic. Stayed here for 2 nights whilst working in the area. Go with low expectations and you'll be okay. Rooms basic with crammed layout and rough around the edges.   Wouldn't bother with the breakfast though, over cooked/warmed cheap ingredients. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or45-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel in East London. You get what you pay for. Will stay again.,"Good bits, secure parking, our room was warm but corridors freezing. Room was clean but did smell a bit of cigarettes. Bedding thin but OK. TV and tea/coffee in room. Bathroom clean and lots of hot water.  Breakfast starts early during the week 6.30am as their main clientele are tradespeople. Choice is  basic but there are cereals, fruit juice, cooked options (eggs were very very overcooked, mushrooms are tinned as is the fruit salad, other items good). Also tea/coffee and toast.  Decor rather drab although there has been some refurb (e.g. newish carpets). Overall everything is budget but for the price its good value. The area is pretty drab but there is an excellent chinese restaurant just down the road. Reception service is mixed the guy on when we arrived was helpful, the one…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or45-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"This hotel is really cheap, so for a really cheap hotel you should expect broken doors, cold water, creaking floors, and tightly closed rooms. However, the atmosphere around the hotel is really nice, so it's not all too bad. the prices are like £35 per night, and thats a really good price considering it is in London!",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or45-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and cheerful,"i couldnt fault this hotel at all for the money paid 65 pounds for a twin room for 2 of us, it was very clean the beds were really comfy slept like a log , just needed a extra pillow, staff were so helpful with information on the area where to shop what bus to catch, where there was to eat, there was also free parking a must in london and a free breakfat which included a cooked breakie , toast and cerial. it isnt the ritz but it has everything you need for a comfy stay for the price paid, wouldnt think twice about staying here again if was visiting this area",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or45-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,I stayed for one night stuff was very welcoming and helpful nice and clean had a wonderful sleep great location i would recomend this hotel to anyone with family or solo travellers.another wonderful thing with this hotel is it have free parking which is very important in London.  Thanks keep up the good works,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or50-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",3am wet wake-up and appalling customer service. Score would be zero if the website allowed.,"Booked 2 rooms as we took our Daughter and Grandson to an event at the O2. Hotel was basic but appeared clean and accommodating. We returned to sleep and although it is on a very busy road, we slept until we were woken at 3am by water pouring from one of the lights. The Receptionist tried to help, but with an option of change room or change bedding and hope it didn't happen again, it was difficult. We didn't want to move as we were close to our family in the other room and it would have taken time to pack up. But it was a risk to stay in the room. We agreed to have the bed remade and stay in the room. This was completed, but by now we had been awake for over an hour and found it hard to go back to sleep. The following morning we checked out. The Receptionist was back to the…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or50-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Roof over your head, bed and breakfast - ok for a lone traveler","I stayed here overnight on a business trip after failing to get a room elsewhere.   The building inside felt like to need major refurbishment. There was a mixture of damp and air freshener smell from the carpet underneath. Floors were squeaky on walking, meaning that night sleep could be disturbed by other guest walking in the corridor.   The bed was fair but the pillows were uncomfortable. The toilet was shared and one had to walk along the corridor and go down half a flight of stairs to access the  bathroom which wasn't the cleanest either.   May not be suitable for families with children and not the best for business trips but ok for having a roof over one's head, bed and breakfast.  Breakfast was ok and the staff were kind and tried to please.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or50-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",I would go again,"The rooms are ok, and the staff is very nice (especially the Lithuanian receptionist and another receptionist by the name of Alam). The only thing is that is not in a nice area. By the night, there are a lot of drunk people around and ""bad faces"". However, I would return to this hotel!",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or50-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Character building,"If you are looking for a building lacking character to build character, look no further. Seperate building with a shared toilet and a nice loud boiler in the room. Terrible breakfast, all round shocker.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or50-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,The hotel is very nice with its accompanying buffet-like rich breakfast. The rooms are very neat and the toilets in sparkling white. The staff are highly dedicated to duty and veryofficial especial the lanky lady at the reception. Three is however need for hotel to provide electric fans for guests during the hot weather. I will still love to stay there during my future visits to UK since their tariffs are moderate.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or55-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","LAZY DECOR, BAD MAINTENANCE, MISERABLE STAFF","£75 per night is not cheap for the East end.  1) No Hooks in the toilet to hang your clothes. 2) Naked framed picture screwed on to wall, Couldn't remove it. If the owner likes to put these up, I suggest he puts these indecent pictures in his childs room. 3) All East European Staff never once smiled. (As if they hated the Brits) 4) At breakfast, they'll frown if you come 5 mins before 9am (breakfast closing time) 5) Carpet stank of musty smell 6) Curtain hooks were broken, which let the light in at 5am 7) Towels stank of vinergary smell 8) Beds creaked everytime you turned, waking the other people in your room 9) Iron - bring your own, It warms up, doesn't iron",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or55-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",A great budget hotel,We had a triple room which was excellent. Clean tidy and very welcoming. The breakfast set us up for a busy day in London - more than was expected.  Bus service to Stratford is excellent and only a short walk from the hotel. A little gem of a place.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or55-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Never never again . We're do I start?  We booked this hotel 4 months ago for the ride london 100 , I rang to confirm my booking 1 week prior to arrival only to be told I wasn't booked in .After contacting the head office and no appoligy all seemed ok until we arrived . The bathroom was disgusting and smelt of a combination of an ashtray / drains . The bedroom next arghhh very run down and now thanks to my 3 nights stay and sleeping on top of the bed as i wasnt prepared to get under the covers.We are all covered in bites from the bed bugs .Let's go for breakfast ! NOT . Cornflakes first ?but oh no !!!! Thankfully I noticed crunchy nut cornflakes have been mixed in with them . (My daughter has a major nut allergy). In short I would never stop in this hotel again and will be…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or55-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel is a little worn down, but the service is fantastic","We were in London to visit some friends towards the end of July and had booked into Newham Hotel.   General impression:   We had read mixed reviews of the hotel and decided to give it a chance (benefit of the doubt). To our surprise, the hotel did deliver and matched to our expectation. It is not one of a 5 star hotel standard; Newham hotel did require some upgrading. The staff (reception, cleaners, kitchen) are all very helpful and friendly; they are also very fast in responding to requests: extra pillows, towels, special request when checking in, etc. The hotel is easily accessible (located around 10 min by bus from Stratford station) and it provides free car parking. While (simple, typical English) breakfast is provided, there is no room service, but there is a 24-hour…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or55-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Quite outdated ,"Stayed here for 2 nights as a last minute trip from Durham to meet up with family from USA.. Wanted to get as near as possible to West Ham Football Ground as nephew was playing for Barcelona Academy and was invited over from the USA.. Booked two rooms as there was six of us.. My partners room was infested with ants or something that were coming through wall.. My room was littered with mouse traps that didn't fill me with confidence... Cheap rooms with breakfast included, but wouldn't stay again... Seriously needs a deep clean....",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or60-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",London stop off,"This was a very interesting stay. The staff at the desk were really nice and they were eager to help. The rooms were basic but functional. There were lots of small issues such as no batteries in either the Tv remote or indeed the swipe card security system in the door (slightly worrying). Despite a slightly erratic tap in the bathroom which felt the need to release water and refuse to turn off, my combination of wrestling/negotiation eventually persuaded the tap to relax and cease the release of the water. I did particularly enjoy counting how many tiles didn't have cracks in the bathroom. The price of the hotel was pretty reasonable so I guess you get what you pay for. The breakfast in the morning was much to be desired. It really wasn't good. The person with me stated "" I…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or60-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel,"This hotel is cheap.. The area is not the best in my opinion and the rooms are basic. For the price, you can't really ask for more. An issue for me is that you could hear through the walls of the bedroom the TV of next door rooms and people chatting in the car park. I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again as I didn't feel if was that clean and by paying a bit more, I could've found something a bit more tasteful ",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or60-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have stayed in and not cheap,"The staff was nice. The room was tidied up every day. There was a flat-screen TV in the room with multiple channels. You could open the window. Breakfast was OK although it lacked any fresh fruits or vegetables.  The overall impression is quite worn-out. NO VENTILATION! Even in the common bathroom, which was otherwise also very badly maintained (= damp and unsanitary). The floors are carpeted everywhere but the floors beneath the carpet are squeaking and cracking (= not quiet). Hard floors are sticky. The only two plugs in the room where occupied by the TV and a kettle. For some reason there was a lamp on the table which could not be plugged anywhere. Also there was no comfortable way of charging your electronic devices. Everyone has at least a mobile phone but you would have to…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or60-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible - paper thin walls, rude staff, nasty hotel","Where does one start? Maybe I should start at the fact that the private bathroom smelt like an open sewer, or maybe the rat traps on the floor. Or maybe hoe the laundry room on the other side of my room window (with the window fixed open). I could not sleep as people were having conversations next to me in that public room. All the walls are the width of A4 paper and you can hear people walking and talking everywhere, even in the floor above you. The only good thing about this place is the parking outside. The rest is a sick joke. It also got so hot in the room that i was just sleeping in my own sweat. Bed was average but bathroom was awful. If you have he money, just stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or60-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",value for money.,"Room good breakfast good and staff friendly good location for our trip also value for money. and parking as well which is Free.and Great helpful staff and very friendly had a nice TV and could free Wifi in all parts of the hotel,",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or65-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Night stay on business,"Chose this hotel for its price and close location to the London Excel. Room was OK but a little tired, shower looked great but little water pressure made the experience very long 😄, toilet seat was loose, pity the room wasn't checked and serviced properly before new customers stay. Apart from those few opportunities for improvement the room was nice and I had a good night sleep. Breakfast was OK too although my toast came when I had nearly finished my breakfast 😣. Fresh mushrooms taste better than tinned and I like my egg yolk runny not hard too. I am sure if the owners read my review they will hopefully make improvements to ensure future customers will enjoy their stay more.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or65-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel,"Stayed here last night for work, found the staff pleasant and helpful, decor reasonable, room was clean and bathroom was fresh and modern. Had a good nights sleep on a comfy bed and a cooked buffet breakfast in the morning, free parking too. No complaints really",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or65-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",excellent  stay for a go to ,I booked this hotel as I was going to the Olympic Park stadium to see a concert and it seemed close on the map.. i was not disappointed train station just a 5.min walk which takes you into stratford..  hotel itself.. friendly staff and rooms we had were good and clean with en suit which was a surprise as was advertised a shared so was well happy.. buffet breakfast served  from 7 am again very good choice for cooked.or cereals . free WiFi free parking so all in all highly recommended no frills stay. would definitely  stay again. thankyou.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or65-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Great if you like sharing your room with bed bugs and mice...,After a two day stay I emerged covered from head to foot in bed bug bites. To top it off underneath my desk I discovered two mice traps!  I'm at a total loss at how this hotel can continue to run and book people given the health hazards. There's budget and then there's plain 3rd world. Never again...,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or65-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Good tip for backpackers,"Quite good hotel for unassuming travelers. You can find there all you need - clean bed, hot water, even heating if it´s cold outside. You can do coffee or tea in the room. Good breakfast bar. Although it is not in centre, you can choose ""sightseeing one-hour tour"" by double-decker No.25 to the centre, or you can get to the centre quicker by underground or train from nearby Stratford Station. Many possibilities of shopping,  cheap or expensive - as you like...",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or70-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",work,Ideal for contactors  working in London . Reasonable  rates and buffet breakfast included. Forest  Gate transport for london 5 minute walk away. Takes 15 minutes to Liverpool  street station. Wetherspoons  also 5 minute walk away.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or70-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Review would be a LOT higher without MICE in the hotel!,"This hotel has the possibility to be excellent and 3 star except for the infestation of MICE it appears to have currently (Feb 2016), which is a real shame. Stayed for 3 nights. Staff friendly and helpful, cooked breakfast and buffet is help-yourself and beautifully cooked. Couldn't fault the food. family rooms are a good size and bathrooms good, both have nice decor, clean beds/bedding, good mattresses and bathrooms clean and well appointed.  Frankly the hotel decor is significantly let down by a DIY approach to repairs and decorating e.g. nice wallpaper in rooms but poorly put up with cuts in the wrong places/patches and someone went crazy in the shower with a mastic gun! frankly this seriously detracts from nice fixture and fittings choices/room designs. Room 20 had such a…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or70-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Nice friendly Hotel, Ideal when staying over after a game","Lovely Hotel, friendly staff, good value for money, and the Buffett Full English Breakfast is a must. Short walk to The Boleyn Ground, The Home Of West Ham United. I have stayed here numerous times...",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or70-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and what we expected,"We paid £45 for a Saturday night as we were going to the boxing at olympic park, after booking we read the reviews and was sceptical at best. The rooms were basic and rough round the edges but it was fine for a one night stay! Don't get me wrong i wouldn't go on a romantic weekend away but for a few beers with the lads and a night in London it does the job! ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or70-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad ,"I stayed for 2 nights in first floor room , room was clean enough but very small for a double and very dated with the furniture and carpet . Radiator didn't work and was held up with a block of wood . Tiny TV on wall . Breakfast was ok but nothing to write home about. It seems to be mainly contractors that stay here and is priced ideally for this . ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or75-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",daughters 18th Birthday,"Overall the room was acceptable, very basic but clean, however there was NO heating the windows were very draughty. We asked for a plug in heater but they had none left as other rooms needed them. I was given their email address and phone number by the pleasant receptionist when I left but they refuse to speak or reply to any emails.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or75-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Night stay to visit excel London ,Room looked ok but on entering the room an almighty smell hit us in room 4 a very strong smell of mould it was that bad it was making me choke. I reported it and asked for some air fresher expecting them to leave us with a can but no a squirter will do which lasted all of 5 minutes and then the horrendous smell was back. We ended up walking to a shop to buy some. The fresher took the smell of temporarily but was soon at the back of ur throat again and up ur nose. We tried to open the windows which clearly hasn't been opened for years because they appeared glued. With help from a staff member we managed to get a windows open. The shower not the best a trickle of water was all u got and the shower tray leant backwards so struggled to stay upright. 3 in a room and only 1 twin…,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or75-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient East End Hotel,"Friendly staff . Clean comfortable room with tea and coffee making facility . Shower had hot water no soaps or shower soap . Beds were OK but pillows were very flat and only one each , for a one night stop it was all right . Break fast was very good lots to choose from plenty of tea and coffee. My car was parked at the back of the hotel in a safe locked space .  ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or75-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, noisy","Booked 2 rooms for a family trip, so spent £210 here. They didnt show us the rooms and the place is like a maze, we had to find them ourselves. One of the rooms was okay, although next to the kitchen so it smelled a bit bad. The other one was situated next to the big boiler and it was so loud all night, I could not get any sleep (and i was really tired...) first thing in the morning i spoke to a woman at the reception and she assured me she was going to speak to the maintanance guy and get it fixed. After spending a long day in London we got back around 7pm and it wasn't making the noise but it started up around 9 again. I went to speak to a guy at the reception and he basically laughed at me and refused to try and help or offer me a different room. Main point of a hotel was for…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or75-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, Cheap. Worked out ok","We were looking for a hotel or B&B in and around Stratford area when we chanced upon the Newham hotel. Just needed a place to crash and have breakfast as we were to spend most of our time outside. Booked a quadruple room for 3 of us as it was costing just a bit more than the triple room and offered more value.  The hotel is a 10 min bus ride from Stratford with buses running every 5-10 min. Also, there is a round-the-clock direct bus route 25 that will take you to Oxford Circus in about an hour. The hotel building and rooms were old and showed their age. However, the carpets across the hotel seemed refurbished recently. Rooms and bathrooms were spacious and reasonably clean; nothing gross or unsightly. Breakfast was served from 6:30 am which was a huge advantage whenever we…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or80-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","""Why do people expect the Savoy?!""","Yes, it is a basic hotel. No, don't expect ant ""airs or graces"". This hotel is certainly fit for purpose. My son and I stayed here Friday and Saturday last week. The reception staff were polite enough and the breakfast staff even more so. We were in a ground floor twin room which was a good size with a pretty decent sized shower room and quite clean. An errant cobweb in a hard to reach corner, but that was it. Be aware that this hotel is on the main road, so expect some traffic noise if in a front bedroom. Comfortable bed, you only get one pillow, and the usual tea, coffee, tv, hair-drier. Breakfast is served buffet style, but you can stuff yourself silly, with plenty of coffee and tea available. Breakfast on the Sunday morning was ruddy hectic, so get in early! Don't forget…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or80-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"One of the worst hotels I have ever had to spend the night in.  My partner and I booked this hotel as a last minute/last resort for one night after a night out, and I can honestly say I could barely handle a period of time as short as that. The location and parking are about the only positives to this hotel. The rooms are cold, and you find it literally impossible to relax due to the uncleanliness of the place. I found myself not even wanting to shower through fear of coming out of the bathroom more unclean than what I went in. The hallways of this hotel are filthy and staff aren't particularly friendly or welcoming. I will NOT be returning and I do NOT recommend this place.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or80-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,We stayed here for one night to watch the rugby.  The price we paid for the night with the breakfast was a bargain and easy to get down to stadium.  I stopped at a holiday inn a month ago and they price difference is massive and the quality of the hotel isn't bad at all.  ,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or80-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Visit to St Pauls Cathereral for the 75 anniversary of the battle of Britain.,"We went to Newham as all the London central hotels with either fully booked or were to expensive. We stayed at the Newham Hotel.Romford Road Newham. I was pleasantly surprised at this hotel, my room was clean, the bed comfortable, the linen and towels were changed every day, staff were very obliging and they provided an excellent breakfast for £60 a night Every time in the future if I go to London I will use this hotel. It was a 2minute train journey to Stratford station by rail and here you had the D.L.R and the central line tube perfect for central London. I recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or80-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Good,"In the price range very good accommodation. The rooms were clean, we had a separate bathroom with toilet. Front desk staff very helpful and polite. Breakfast is still the same, but delicious. I was satisfied. I like to come back here",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or85-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",What you expect for a 2 star hotel ,It's a 2 star so don't expect the ritz. For £30 each secure locked up at night parking. Clean sheets clean towels. No hand towel or shower mat tap a bit wobbly but everything was clean. TV and tea and coffee. No water but 24 hr garage and macdonalds across the road. 5 min walk to supermarket. 20 mins to Westerfield shopping centre. Breakfast included (we didn't wake up in time) after checking out they didn't mind that I left my car in there car park for another 6 hours free of charge! Lovely man on the front desk (forgot his name but was on the 12th sept) ,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or85-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",HELL ON EARTH,"At the time of making the booking I was aware I had booked a room with a shared bathroom. Not a problem as it was a last minute business booking and in the pictures the hotel looked ok. Upon arrival I was given my key (£10 deposit) and told that my room was in 'the next building' which was a squalid block of flats. Absolutely filthy corridors, walls ect. In the room, the carpets were disgustingly dirty with stains and crumbs, there was smashed up furniture in the wardrobe and an old T.V balanced on top of a chair. The 'bathroom' is not even worth describing. The photos of this pace are not a true reflection.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or85-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Unhelpful. Dirty and Totally a waste of money,"This was the worst business trip to London that i have ever experienced. The staff were designed to make the stay as unpleasant as possible. No help with luggage, no help with wake up calls or even drinking water. Dirty carpet, dirty shower, broken tiles-  I should have guessed. At £60 per night, i did not expect the Ritz, but certainly not the pits. God forbid, i will not ever stay here, ever, ever. Totally disgusting experience in all my life of business travel.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or85-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not as advertised,"I was sold this room as a dissabled wheelchair accessable room. Just because a wheel chair can get through the door does not make it wheelchair accessable because neither the toilet or shower was usable for anybody in a wheel chair. Aside from that, the location and cost was good and If I was staying there on my own or without my wheel chair using friend.,I would be fine.  But I was explcitly told on the phone when I booked this was a wheel chair compatable room BUT IT WASNT.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or85-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled my booking at 1645 on day of arrival FOUR MONTHS AFTER BOOKING,"I booked this hotel for a family member, in March, for July.   At 1645 I was called by the hotel to be advised that the booking was cancelled - and they were full.  Thus they had filled the hotel BEFORE UNILATERALLY cancelling my booking, despite having my contact details for four months.  You have been warned.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or90-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Okay  - ish. But don't stay if you intend sleeping overnight.,"Good secure parking. Breakfast adequate. Shower quite clean. Room located in an scruffy looking annexe next door. Room not fit for purpose (sleeping) due to excessive traffic noise through the night. Double glazing? - well, put it this way. I didn't detect any noise reduction when I closed the window and spent the night listening to accelerating vehicles. Staff generally surly and mostly interested in taking the payment - after that off-hand to the point of rudeness. Not a pleasant experience. If getting some sleep is your reason for staying I would suggest you find somewhere else.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or90-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",secure parking and early breakfast 6.20am,"Good for contractors, good early breakfast, reasonable clean, secure parking for van/tools etc friendly helpful staff, good price, mcdonalds 20yrds from front door etc, wetherspoons 5 min walk. supermarket 5 mins walk.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or90-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",bad location,"I stayed there for 5 nights, overall I don't recommend it.  1- I could sleep well because of vehicle noise, I woke up every night many times when a car passed with high speed,  2- there was no shampoo in the small shower, I had to buy a shampoo and left it when I left 3- most importantly, it is locked very far from the centre London, although transportation is some how Ok with that area.   You have the opportunity to make tea or kaffe and a small breakfast also available, staff there are OK.          ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or90-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"I arranged to stay here for two nights over the London Marathon. After booking a double room with en suite, I was taken to a building next to the hotel (which had a very unpleasant smell) to be told I was sharing a bathroom with four other rooms! After being taken back to reception, I was told I would need to stay in there for night one and move on night two and offered a £10 refund!! After running a marathon, the last thing I wanted was to return to the hotel to have to move rooms. The hotel was very basic, dirty and staff were rude. AVOID!",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or90-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here!,"The quality is not good! I stayed here one week.The equipment room is old, we had to fix toilet. The hotel is near from Central line metro and maybe 400 metrs from hotel is bus station. Wifi does not in room! This hotel I can not recommend.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or95-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER STAY HERE!!!,I checked into this hotel as I was taking part in an event the following day. As the event finished after the check out time I paid an extra £20 for late checkout(1pm not 11am). The following day I recived a phone call from the hotel asking where I was as it was past 11am.I told the hotel I had paid for late checkout who basically thought I wasnt telling the truth and that my room had been emptied. On returning to the hotel i found all my belongings shoved behind reception and no means of an apology. I asked to speak to the manager and was told he wasnt available and that they did not have a contact number for him. On returning home I complained again and was told the manager would get back to me the following day.The manager rang me and I expalined that I was not happy that…,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or95-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the £55 a night,"This is an extremely low quality hotel and not worth the £55 we paid for a night for a twin room. The shared bathroom was not so unclean and had a dirty bathmat and a lock that didn't work!. Also all the room looked ancient and ceiling was damp.  What is really bad was the customer service. They have a stupid rule that visitors are not allowed in their building. This was not mentioned when I booked the room.  I went to see my friends in London and they wouldn't let me walk in to the building with my friends. And the. Not even sit in the lounge. And one of the guys at reception kept following me to check that no one has gone in. We spent most of the time away from the hotel anyway which was good. The bed in the room was ok. Also the hotel itself does not look so bad, but the room…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or95-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Vermin in my room!,"There were mice in our room, it smelt bad, decor disintegrating, filthy! Were moved to a different room on the 2nd night - someone else had a key to it! Contacted the management to request a refund and they weren't interested!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or95-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but convenient,"We stayed at the Newham for four nights. It is really very basic and not located so conveniently. As a matter of fact, it is a good 20 minutes walk to the Stratford station and at least another half hour drive with the underground. If you decide to take the bus (the stop is a minute walk from the hotel) you can reach Stratford in 5 min and the city in app 1 hour. Our en-suite room was small but it had all the necessary. The bed was very comfortable and the staff helpful. Breakfast was good and the wifi is free. Overall, considering that we paid app 50 pounds for a room near London (with breakfast) it was a good choice for a short stay. Tip: ask for a room in the main building and located in the back (noise!)",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or95-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Just very average room. Nothing special ,"The room looked aged and nothing special. The wardrobe and bedside table looked dilapidated. I must say the room looked neat though. The staff look very unsatisfied with the job. And for the price , I think it should have been cheaper. Travel lodge is by far better and cheaper. The  breakfast is fantastic and many varieties. That's the only reason I gave it 3 stars ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or100-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",OK As A Young Foreign Visitors Base,"My partner and I booked this through www.booking.com as a convenient overnight stay and got a twin bedded room with kettle, tea and coffee for £50.00, which in the London area is cheap. So....... we didn't expect much and we didn't get much except for the all inclusive English cooked breakfast which was very good. The place was dirty, damp and the public/communal toilets let us knew they were there! The bedding was fresh and clean. The en suite bathroom was not good, but just about worked. The staff were excellent and very friendly. Location - if you want to get into London City Centre and do all the tourist stuff then this is a good base. The buses run from outside the door into the City Centre but 5 mins down the road on the same bus is the London Underground and national…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or100-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Almost needs knocking down. DONT STAY HERE,"Stayed for 1 night for an event at the Olympic park. Was the only hotel we could find, now i know why. Rooms were damp and the decor, furniture and generally overall the hotel was in an appalling condition. ROOM DOOR DID NOT LOCK PROPERLY (electronic key lock) and in fact opened a few times while we were in the room. No bedside lights at all only the main room light. TV could only be viewed from one of the beds in the room. Hair drier was hard wired in the middle of the headboard at a height meaning you could not use it. Wall paper peeling away from walls, carpets were dirty. Bathmat was actually a mat for a toilet. Towels were very small and not enough left in room to have one each. Requested some more towels at reception, their response was to collect some when we return as…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or100-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Does the job for a night,"i've stayed here a few times. It's nothing fancy, a decent nights sleep if that's what your after. Cleanliness is average, think it just depends who cleans. If you find a hair or 2 on the bedsheet don't be surprised. Breakfast very low quality, tried it once. Didn't bother after that. Wouldn't pay the £60/70 a night rate have sometimes. You'd rather pay £10/20 extra and go for the ibis near stratford westfield",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or100-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",It was a pleasant stay,"I stayed there with my husband and my 18 year old daughter for a birthday party so the purpose of this stay was just to  have somewhere to crash after the party.   After reading some reviews my husband was a bit put off, but I was ok as the hotel had what I needed, which was a decent room and a parking space for our car.   And as we arrived, it turned out it wasn't too bad at all. The price was reasonable, the room had what it needed to  have. The room was spacious enough, the bathroom was clean.   The breakfast wasn't too  bad at all. If you don't expect a 5 stars quality, this hotel is more than ok.   The nearest tube station was a bit far though, a good 10 minutes walk. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or100-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Bad shower,"Booked into this hotel for 1 night with our 3 teenage daughters.  One of my daughters burnt her scalp whilst having a shower as water suddenly became hot and temperature control would not work.  Luckily the burn wasnt bad but could have been worse.  My husband then used the shower which we have to share with other rooms, and that only gave cold water!    Check shower before you use it!!",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or105-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant budget hotel!!!,"Stayed in the main hotel, nice quiet comfortable room  with really good breakfast. Helpful staff, free parking, quick and easy access into central London, local convenience stores and good free WiFi. Recommended for all on a budget...",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or105-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Beware!!!! Separate building!,"We booked to stay here for 1 night. Had a double en-suite for us & a double with shared bathroom for our teenage girls! When we checked it out online we found good reviews & it looked ok. However- clearly all the pics/reviews were from people who actually stayed in the main hotel building- we didn't!! When we arrived we were taken to the building next door, which quite frankly was disgusting!! The girls room was on the ground floor & ours was on the 2nd floor. The building is basically a block of flayed. The stench in the hallway was unbearable. I felt dirty just breathing in the air in that building! It was cold, dated, dirty & generally just falling apart. Needless to say we left after 2 minutes & went to the Travelodge instead (only £40 more so gutted we didn't just book that…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or105-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE,"We booked in this Hotel and when we arrived.. we have to go out to took our room which was in an other house near the Hotel!! + WITHOUT WI FI   Really bad place, dirty without a good hitting. We have to share a disgusting Bathroom with 4 others rooms..  People at the reception were rude and when you arrived the first thing you can see is ""ANY REFUND FOR ANY COMPLAINS""  It was the worst hotel of my life...",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or105-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Over price,"Room are too small no escalator available - difficult for big heavy luggages, and high price... No fan available in the room, for asian will be like sauna in summer season.. The best thing in London is very good transportation and till late night are available ... ",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or105-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",HOTEL ....REALLY,Over priced doss house!!! I stayed there in the so called deluxe room {maybe because it had a miniature bar of lux }  On entering we should have realized our mistake but after a hard day at work you just want to get a shower food etc .  In the entrance there are two for want of a better word Couches both of these were occupied by people who can only be described as off their heads on some form of of substance as to what i can't imagine .  The rooms were so bad we asked for a refund as we had paid over the phone ...big mistake .  The manager <<<<< loose terminology again ..informed us with a smirk that this was not the policy i asked him to come to the room where i showed him some form of matter that was attached to the throw . stains on the carpet of God knows what ...a stench…,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or110-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Don't have room number 1,"The room is absolutely terrible, they have a hole near the toilet and only had 2 plug sockets one has the kettle. The breakfast was not that good and also the computer provided wasn't work. The only good thing about the room was there was a hairdryer, but I didn't need it.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or110-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",over priced,"Stayed on business working at the Olympic Village. First of all the staff were excellent. Very friendly so I can't fault them at all. The buffet breakfast was good. However the room was not the best I've stayed in. Nor anywhere near it. Bathroom door hanging off its hinges, Bed throw not very clean and a fridge that didn't work. Also free WiFi was available but it rarely worked!  I was given an upgrade to a deluxe room. I Wouldn't like to see a basic one! Convenient location for the Olympic Village so just be aware if you stay here, don't expect too much.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or110-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced,"We stayed here when my husband did the London Surrey bike ride around London. He started from the Olympic Park, very early in the morning, so we needed a hotel within riding distance. The hotel is about half an hour walk from the Olympic park and Westfield Shopping Centre, here you will also find the new station that runs straight into London.  We had a ground floor room overlooking the main road at the front of the hotel, which was quite noisy until you got used to the traffic noise. big old fashioned sash windows meant we couldn't have any fresh air as couldn't leave the windows open. the room was very hot and stuffy when we arrived. would hate to be there in the middle of summer. The room was a good size though and had a tv,,hairdryer and fridge in. The en-suite looked clean…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or110-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ,"We came to london on a budget so we chose this hotel based on the price. Decent breakfast buffet and reasonable check in times. The room was was quite small but all we needed for the overnight stay. Petrol station, late night off licence and macdonalds all within a 5 min walk. When it came to the shower it would have been more effective if I'd stood outside in the rain as the pressure was very poor. All in all not a bad stay for what we paid.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or110-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all cost !!,This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in!! We stayed for 3 nights on business in london and the night porter was so lazy and unhelpful that if he worked for me he be sacked instantly! The wifi reception is dreadful and the rooms are not cleaned propperly . Also there is a family of wild foxes at the property that come out at night and are not scared of people .  Never again will we stay there !!,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or115-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel for one night stay - clean and reasonably priced,The room we had was good for a one night stay and it was quite close to bus stop to get to the underground station. We were allowed to park the car in their car park which was really convenient as we didn't want to pay for parking on our little sight seeing trips so underground was the best option instead of taking the car,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or115-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Good place if you look for a bed,"I stayed in this hotel for 4 nighst during the Easter holidays (16.4.-20.4.) with my mom, bro and his girlfriend. First of all, after our arrival to the Stratford station, we couldn't find our hotel because none knew where the number 349 is. It's far away from the city center and we didn't even have a map of this area so we spent two hours looking for this hotel. You always nee to take a bus to the Stratford station and from there a tube to the city center so you spend a lot of money just for travlling. The room was quite clea and small but we just needed a place to sleep, to have a shover and breakfast in the morning. The mattress was terrible-when the person next to you moves you feel like it's an earthquake but it was quiet and you can sleep well. The bathroom was ok, the…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or115-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"This hotel is worse ive ever stayed, suppose to book in 11am i turned up 1pm two hours late so room should of been ready, when i booked in to family room with wife 3 children could not believe, there was at least 6 painters painting the hall ways myself and my daughter both got paint on clothes and shoes the paint was on carpet dadoe rails everywhere and the fumes where horrendous, we went out returned at 10pm the painters had gone but smell of paint was still strong we stayed in hotel until 2am left and drove home my wife left her wedding rings on the side i called first thing in the morning to be told the cleaner had cleaned the room at 2'30am and was asleep nothing was handed in but they would speak to him when he got up, i said your not suppose to clean bedroom until 11am as…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or115-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not at all what I expected,I booked on priceline and the pictures make it look like a nice budget hotel. Boy was it not what it looked like. The rooms are much smaller than pictured. My room was crowded with only clean bed sheets I could feel the carpet hadn't been vacuumed and the wire hangers were all bent and out of shape. The room had two windows but only one could be opened the other was between the room and the bathroom with no way to open since the bathroom was made to cover the window. This meant the bathroom had not light or air and just smelled like mildew. No vents so the only way to air it out was to leave the door open. 3 rooms were booked the other two had bathroom lights that didn't work because the wiring was just dangling and exposed instead of connected. One room had a window that opened…,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or115-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Should say HOSTEL not Hotel!!! Terrible,"Having stayed at this so called hotel last night I can quite honestly say it is the worst place I have ever visited I know you only get what you pay for but if I was offered a free night I would not stay here again. On check in I was taken out of the hotel to a shabby building next door to stay in a flat not a hotel room. We were given a room on the top floor with a bathroom we had to share with 2 other rooms. This was not as booked and nothing like the photos on the website all of which I'm sure breach trading standards for false adverstising. The room was shabby, walls are paper thin, you can hear everyone and everything and was woken up 7 times with people visiting the bathroom, banging doors etc etc.... The room itself was extremely basic, paper hanging off the ceiling, non…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or120-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",don't trust the hotel's website,"Stayed here last night, will not head back there again. The first room we were given was literally a cupboard with a bed and a wardrobe. The window looked out into the laundry room, we know exactly what make and model they use! The curtains didn't reach the end of the window but don't worry we were told, people hardly ever go in there!!!! No air what so ever, use the toilet and your knees would be in the shower. The tv mounted on the wall was actually at the side of the wardrobe so you couldn't see it from the bed. We asked for another room and were given one in the building next door. Very unfinished, strong smell of mould and a window above the door and no curtain, considering it was on the shared corridor, it gave no privacy. The other room we had booked was slightly better…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or120-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",It's okay but expensive,"Rooms are nice but it is very expensive due to it's location their are a few hotels next to them a lot cheaper but this ones expensive. Nice rooms though, could be cheaper. I would go back here again if I had no other choice, ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or120-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",filthy corridor and filthy hotel carpets,"Staffs were unfriendly especially the kitchen staffs.  The management should see to the hotel corridors/ hallway because stinks, carpets too old needs replacement, Breakfast serves 7.am to 9.am tool early, is that delibrate for guest to miss breakfast? Hotel furnitures too old and breaking down.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or120-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Hostel hell hole,"Booked five rooms as organised a family trip to london.. this hotel 'almost' ruined our trip. Turned up & the location was pretty grim! Very run down & an absolute dump. Staff were rude, no organisation, no one shown us to our rooms they jst asked for £10 deposit for each room, handed us keys & remote & let us get lost in the tunnels of doom otherwise known as creaky corridors. Room numbers were all over the place we needed a map! Room 8 was awful! Touched the walls & thought i was going to fall through them- they were soft with mould! Bad drainage problem the bathroom stunk, was unclean & small. Took one look at the bed & was glad i did not have a uv light, could see stains on sheets never mind the rest! Complained and requested to change rooms but they said they were full and…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or120-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,"I wouldn't be without Trip Advisor, but feel that over the last year or two, its integrity and accuracy are being eroded by people who give bad reviews to Hotels that really don't deserve them.   London is one of the most expensive cities in the world in which to stay, fact (!) and its difficult to book a decent room for less than £100 in the Centre. The Newham Hotel is based a few miles out in Forest Gate, 5 minutes walk to Forest Gate train station (trains to Stratford and Liverpool Street every 10 minutes most of the day) and 2 minutes walk from a bus stop with a 24 hour service (every 8 minutes during the night) from Central London (Oxford Circus, Bank, Tottenham Court Road).  The area is fine, a little run down in a couple of parts but we felt safe and were back in the…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or125-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go,"Stayed here whilst working in London ,don't want to stay again .twin rooms very small,dirty mould and damp everywhere ,smells of damp , bathroom dirty full of mould plumbing terrible toilet constantly blocking until someone comes to unblock it with a mop or a plunger for the shower.unfortunatley there isn't a zero on the ratings because they would of had that score . Especially a for the young Asian man that dripped is heavely soiled mop that had been down the toilet   straight past my bed dripping all over the already dirty carpets.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or125-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Basic hotel, but wonderful staff =]","I would like to start by saying that this hotel was good value for money, especially considering how late we booked. I would have liked to have given a 3.5, as opposed to a 3, but alas I cannot!   We had three rooms, two of which were on the ground floor. One of these faced onto the main road and as we had the windows open, there was a lot of road noise, but we did sleep decently on the second night when we shut half the windows. The bathroom was spacious and the room was comfortable and clean. The second room was also a little noisy, but again we slept well, though it was a smaller room with a very small bathroom. The third room was upstairs and was more spacious again.   Some of the décor was a little run down and there was dust on top of the wardrobe, but the linen and…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or125-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in! ,"The website is extremely misleading. I booked a London trip through a company and they booked this hotel for me and my husband. Where do I start--there was black mold in the ceiling of the bathroom and on the wall by the windows. The windows did not lock either. VERY scary being in a shady neighborhood. It is a 20-25 minute walk just to the metro and bus station. It is not the closest to the center city. The wall sockets stuck out to where I had to hold in my phone charger until it stayed and held the charge. The TV remote didn't work and the replacement I was given didn't either. Also, I cut myself the night prior and a little blood was on the sheet. The next night when we went to bed the spot was still there!! They didn't change them, just made the bed! Disgusting! You can…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or125-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly as described on their websites,"I spent there few nights with my boyfriend when we were on a trip in London. We are not very demanding and we look at first on a price, than comfort.  Anyway, we used it only as a sleeping place and whole day spent in the city, so I can definitely recommend this place for all with the same intentions. Breakfasts were rather good, so were the services at the reception. When I asked for a hair dryer, I got it in few minutes.  They also have a wi-fi in the lobby with a great signal. Our room was very gloomy, but as I said, we didn't even spent there more than few minutes a day (except sleep). Location was also ok, 15 minutes to the center of the city and 3 minutes to the stratford shopping center ",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or125-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",New ? only the shower cubicle,"If your a contractor working down in the smoke then this is right up your street, if your looking for a cheap, clean, half decent hotel then your in the wrong place.  Breakfast was the only plus side with the secure night parking,,  the 3 girls done a great job for a pittance no doubt.  At least the bed was made each day and clean towels put in the room, tea facilities where basic, wifi was only if you sat in the lounge,.   5 minutes walk away to Forest Gate and 15 to London Liverpool Street, Plenty of take always in immediate area 2 - 3 minutes walk  The rooms are dark, old furniture and grotty really, the noise in the corridors at all hours just topped it off, wouldn't go back there again, I would sleep in my car then get washed in a local MacDonalds.  If you do use this place…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or130-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",nothing New about this hotel,"The bedroom I had was extremely basic, the furniture was old and tatty, the bed was uncomfortable, but the shower was virtually brand new and out of place in this dark room, three tea bags and milk in the room, wifi was available if you sat in the antiquated lounge area.  The breakfast however was a shock on the positive side, freshly cooked bacon, fried eggs, sausages, beans, tomatoes and tinned mushrooms, you hadn't barely sat down and toast was put on your table, credit to the kitchen staff who are Eastern Europeans working in the Asian run hotel.  Local areas have plenty of fast food take always and a wether spoons put, 5 minutes walk no more to Forest Gate railway station.  Unfriendly reception staff, anything was too much effort",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or130-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",It's not as bad as people say it is,"Frankly I was a bit worried reading the reviews on Tripadvisor but my experience was ok. Basically you get what you pay for which was fine. The rooms are run down but clean. The walls are thin so you can hear what's going on in the room next to you but after 9 pm it was very quiet. My bed was clean and comfy. Bathroom was reasonably clean. The breakfast has got plenty of choice: coffee/tea, juices, toast, sausages, bacon, beans, eggs and cereal etc.  Staff was very friendly and helpful! The neighborhood is not the best but had no problems walking around after dark. To get to the center of London it takes you about 35 minutes by public transport (rush hour).",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or130-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Worst night's sleep ever!,"Firstly the positives, unlike my colleagues rooms mine wasn't completely vile. Now the negatives, paper thin walls,rotten squeaky floors, (making sleep almost impossible),staff were friendly albeit incompetent! In short I would rather have slept in my van!",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or130-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",One night in hell,"If you have any sense and you've looked at the reviews/pictures, do not stay here. This is a dirty smelly place that is not worthy of calling itself a hotel and has the audacity to display a Trip Advisor sticker. What a liberty!!!!!!!! Doors that do not lock, floors that are rotten. Too many bad things to list them all.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or130-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Can I Play With Madness,"We were a couple of regular Journeymen hoping for a nice place to bed down for the night, but this was akin to Face In The Sand. From the photos we saw before booking the hotel, it was a hotel of our Wildest Dreams. False advertisement. It was like it was Caught Somewhere In Time. Diabolical mish mash of furniture from different houses from all over of the country, I presume. I could sense the previous owners. And they were made out of MDF. Not the previous owners, the furniture. There was black mould on the entire bathroom ceiling. If you are asthmatic, get out now! Tv didn’t work. One redeeming feature is that they has PG Tips, but not to be drank until we washed the cups ourselves. We checked in and instead of going to the left of the reception desk...we were led back outside…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or135-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Never go here......,"I thought I must give a review about this hotel as it was so disgusting . We booked a night here in July as my son and friend were going to see Mumford and sons at Olympic park. The location for this hotel was excellent.when we checked in the guy behind the counter took us to a building next door to the hotel ( must be part of it ) and led us up some steps to the room. It was very small, a multi bulb light on the ceiling with only one bulb working and exposed electrical wiring , wallpaper pealing off from both walls and ceiling , no wordrobe , no tv remote , and it stank of cigarettes . We stayed for 30 minutes and checked out.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or135-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not as described on their website,"This hotel has to be the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in.   On arrival the Manager and receptionist bickered between each other. I was then told the room that I was going to be in where upon the receptionist laughed to herself. I was then taken to my room which was not in the hotel but a block of old 1960's flats next to the hotel. I feared the worst when the person escorting me could not unlock the door. We then entered my room, which was unbelievable, as it looked like a student housing room which look like it had not been refurbished for the last 20 years. There was no flat screen TV as promised, the sink was dirty, the door above the sink that covered the electric boiler had obviously come of not been replaced, in general the place was scruffy as can be. To top it off…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or135-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",DEAR GOD....,"We stayed here after a gig at the o2... I have stayed at many hotels throughout the sands of time. This doesnt even class as a hotel. After signing in, we were led by the rude hotel receptionist to what seemed like a building full of bedsits next door! Almost hostel styled corridors with paper thin walls that wasnt even part of the hotel. When reaching the room we were shown the bathroom. I shower which we didn't dare use. The ceiling was covered in black mould. THE WHOLE CEILING! There were so many gaps in the skirting boards throughout the room/hotel. Under the shower was covered some kind of plastic with a gaping gap... The tea bags in the room were PG tips, that was the only good thing about this place. The cups were dirty. (We boiled water and washed them ourselves, burning…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or135-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",One Night Stand!,"We booked this hotel for one night only as it was very close to Olympic stadium and we wanted to go to The Anniversary Games.   The hotel was a bit tired looking in parts but, in my opinion, worth the money we paid.   The staff were very helpful and welcoming, especially on arrival and explained how everything worked etc., the breakfast was really good and plenty to choose from.   Our room was basic but everything really clean - e.g. toilet and shower, bedding etc.   I thought we could have done a lot worse and would recommend if you were staying in this area this hotel is more than adequate.   Yes in need of a bit of decor and basic but what else do you need!  For one night this was clean, adequate and a very good price.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or135-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","DO NOT BOOK HERE,  YOU WONT STAY !!!!","My husband and I do not seek luxury, and love to save money and do everything cheaply and cheerfully.  Hostels are not a problem to us.  But this ""hotel"" is well beneath the standard of any hostel I have seen.  It is a grubby, stained, stale smelling hovel.  The room we were given was supposed to be a double, spacious and elegant their website said.  It was slightly bigger than the double bed they had in it.  There was so much air freshener sprayed in it to mask the stale smell that you could taste it in your mouth.  The windows hardly opened. There was no air con.  The bathroom was filthy and smelly.  15 minutes we endured in there and most of that was on the mobile trying to book alternative accommodation.  They refunded us only 1 night    !!!!!!!   They have a sign in their…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or140-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not a bad hotel...,"After a long car journey, i needed a place to stay unexpectedly at 2am. After driving around all the usual hotel's and travel lodges (and getting nowhere unless you want to spend £150 for a night). I found this place. The only charged me £55 even though the advertised rate was £70. Our room was right at the back of the hotel. It was fresh and clean (photos uploaded). I got a good nights sleep and had a nice breakfast in the morning. There was also Free Parking which is a brilliant for that part of the road. They helped me out when I needed somewhere to seep. The man on the front desk was very helpful. Would stay again...",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or140-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn't deserve one star,"Horrible experience, carpets filthy and covered in litter, we had no sleep due to other guests shouting and banging doors the entire night, breakfast was so bad we ate nothing. The advertised rate in the lobby was far less than what we had been charged. To call this place a hotel is a joke. Do not stay here under any circumstances.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or140-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again,"Stayed here for EDC Festival that was at the Olympic Park, taxi there was £5, and back was £9.Room was big enough for 3 girls, dressing tables, wardrobes etc, clean towels on every bed. Shower was big and bathroom clean. Room was on a main road but no problems with noise, carpark was free and we had a space when we arrived at 1pm. Would use again is going the Olympic Park. No problems at all.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or140-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in the whole of England,DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL EVER!!! We rang to say we were running late and had the male receptionist who couldnt understand my english put the phone down in me twice. We were charged £80 yet on arrival was a big sign saying £55 clearly being ripped off I asked why the man was rude and shouted at us they were old prices yet had the cheek to charge somebody £55 in front of my face. We were told no money would be taken from my account the details were just for cancelation reasons. Yet they took the money out my account 4am the previous night. What a disgrace.  the rooms were filthy the shower had a used soap on the floor the receptionist was disgustingly rude everything was broke in the hotel room including the wardrobe the toilet seat the bedside table the hairdryer and the picture…,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or140-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",The most dire place!,"This was the most dire hotel I have ever stayed in and I have travelled quite alot around the world! The staff were extremely rude, the room was like a closet and the supposed 'window' was in fact a barrier into the hosekeeping laundry room and therefore we had no air within the bedroom. Added to the fact that it was probably the hottest weekend to date in London made the evening unbareable as we could not breath within the room. My partner had to have several showers throughout the night to try and cool down! To even access the shower, you had to open the bathroom door, step into the bedroom, open the shower and then go back into the bathroom - not dignified at all. Topped with the floor tiles being broken into pieces and the toilet seat hanging off. I realise that this was…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or145-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",it could be worse,"the hotel is just ok, the breakfast is nice but the room we were was too small . and it smells abit. there was just one small soap for two people. if you are Muslim , there are plenty of halal restaurants around there,",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or145-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",in the worst ghetto ever!,"It was totally a mistake to choose this hotel and that place at all. I am so disappointed this time of London!!! Around this hotel for all my stay I have not seen ANY european face!!! Nightmare. I know there are a lot of migrants in London - but I didn't know there are places where there are ONLY them for many kilometers. Also, all the road to Stratford metro station is a long row of some sort of damned little transparent barber shops for blacks - so I needed to see all their damned hair cut and shaved all the time for all my way. Look - it almost made me vomity. The place itself is so veeeery good-looking by its architecture - but where are normal londoners??? Where on Earth did they go?  The hotel wasn't so bad -only they lied about that there was wi-fi in the rooms (which I…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or145-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Go Elsewhere,"Where do I start? Initial impression when entering the lobby, I thought to myself, it is not a bad hotel. then when we were given our key, the reception gave us instructions to the room. But you know how it is, you are excited about the weekend, and hardly pay any attention. We went to look for the room, and could not fins it, as the signs to the room are poor.  Printed out on A4 paper and laminated. As we went up the stairs (Yes no lifts here).I notice worn carpet on the stairs (actually ripped).  Another thing I noticed as I approahed the room, is the creaking floor boards.We eneterd the room, and thought its not bad. Then started to notice worn out furniture, the mattress were worn out. Carpet had burnt marks, there was a stale smell in the room, oh and there was also a mouse…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or145-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Nasty,"Me, my boyfriend and three close friends were all staying here as part of a weekend event at the Excel Centre.  When we booked the hotel, we booked it for the 5 of us and were given the impression we had booked a room for 5 people. A week before we were due to arrive, we were informed that the rooms situation had changed - we were getting now a double room, a twin room and another twin. Astoundingly when we arrived it turned out we had been placed NOT in the hotel itself but the getto looking flats next door.   Our rooms, which were amongst what appeared to be where the staff of the hotel were living, were not what we had booked. It was a block of flats that had been poorly converted into ""guest accommodation"". We were given - a twin, a single and another single and our fifth…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or145-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",You might get what you pay for...,"For a group of five, £120 a night seemed very good. We were prepared to all be sharing the same room and same bathroom as advertised. Received a phone call the day before we were due to travel, saying that we were being split across three rooms (It sounded like three rooms, one double, one twin, and possibly another twin for the last friend of ours. Difficult to understand over phone.) This seemed ok as I assumed we were still reasonably together and in a hotel, and that each room would have its own bathroom. So I agreed on the phone and left it at that.  Upon turning up, we were taken out of the main hotel building (which from what we saw didn't look too bad) and next door into a block of flats. Each flat seemed to be split into around four rooms, with a shared bathroom. We…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or150-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","unsafe, terrible (Newham hotel)","I am writing this review with the most honesty and integrity and It is extremely tricky putting it in the correct words to describe the Newham hotel. It is a nightmare on Elm street. Newham hotel may be cheap but it is just not worth the time, effort money etc. AT ALL!!! Let me put it to you in a more descriptive manner. Me and my partner decided to go ahead and book the Newham hotel for the night as we had some business in London. We live in Leeds. This was my life's BIGGEST MISTAKE as the hotel lobby area was more like a 70s darts room. Dreadful. The staff there don't greet you at all and act like as if you are taking their blood. DISGUSTING customer service. Anyway when going to the room which was like a maze as everything is on one floor. The carpets had puke and other…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or150-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Just arrived,"Just arrived and already worried about hygiene!  First impressions were reasonable apart from nearly tripping on the entrance mat that was turned up....!   As soon as you leave the reception everything is of a poor standard.   Just checked the beds for signs of bedbugs (better safe than sorry), and although the sheets appear clean, under the sheets it's a hairy gruby mess on the mattress/mattress cover. Ewh!   All I can say is wish me luck!",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or150-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"Really nice hotel, close to the bus stop, tasty, quite big breakfast, very friendly service. The rooms are clean, well-furnished. Hair dryer, fridge and towels are available in the rooms. the rooms are cleaned and the towles are changed every day. The big defect is low water pressure in the shower.   I recommend :)",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or150-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Too noisy hotel,I booked for one night the room and toilet were clean but no kettle they bought one when asked the fridge is not working so I had to put my stuff in the reception fridge the huge problem is the noice avoid the rooms facing the main road you can hear people's talking in the road and too much traffic noice even at early houres of morning the breakfast is ok I would recommend this hotel if it is less noisy,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or150-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Super budget hotel for a family with children,"We booked the hotel from a London booking site so never read the reviews 1st, upon reading the reviews we were quite apprehensive about our visit!  The hotel was a good 10 minute walk from the station and there are an array of shops and fast food outlets walking down-all good so far.  Upon arriving at the hotel we were booked into the room fast and was pleasantly surprised. We paid a £10 deposit for the room key and remote control. (we did receive back upon departure)  We had booked a family room and inside were 2 double beds and 1 single. All really clean. There are tea and coffee making facilities, a fridge and tv. Perfect for us with children. The shower did take a knack to get to the right temperature but once there it's a ok shower. You don't receive any complementary…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or155-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",basic hotel,"The Newham hotel is a basic hotel, just some where to get your head down for the night, I had a single ensuite room which just had a single bed, TV, and two bed side cabinets (no wardrobe), The room was cold at night, The shower was hit and miss, The reception booking in was ok but booking out was blut, no how was your stay,or bye, just took the key card and said "" you can go now"" breakfast is a buffet style, wont win any  michelin stars, all i can say is warm and not much else Price I would say it was not worth £45 a night more like £25 a night so if you are looking for a place to get your head down for the night and not worying about decor and comfort, you could stay here !!!",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or155-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"The best thing was stepping into the hotel! looked really nice Then you walk up the stairs and thats where the negativity start to begin the hotel is in need of  carpet and paint, our room which was number 37 was horrible, curtain off his hinges shower very feeble, and  seems to take half hour to adjust to the right temperature. STAFF was very  layed back and not too interested in there job, seemed a bit p...sed off if you had to ask them a question  the room was very hot stiffling couldnt get a good night  sleep breakfast was ok, but didnt like the lady who came up to me whilst eating my breakfast asking me to sign some form very loudly she would ask you to sign!!!  on a whole the decor in this dive hole is SMELLY, UNKEMPT,  and i would advise people not to stay there!!!!! i…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or155-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Better NO,".If you want to have a good impression about London, better chose another hotel. And is not only because the conditions it offers but also the ghetto this hotel is situated where you can see very strange people and a lot of dirt. Also the distance to the city centre is not at 20 minutes how they say, but at list 1 hour. About the hotel, I think it is mostly a worker hotel not a holyday one, very small rooms and bath-rooms, destroyed furniture, doors and carpets. The good think are the free parking, good internet and also I can not complain about room cleaning",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or155-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",One step away from sleeping on the street,"We found this hotel on booking.com for a weeks holiday in London. Without having a lot of knowledge of London, the description lead us to believe it was within easy distance from the city center. This however was not true and it included and overground train and a tube every time we wanted to travel to the center. The latest tube at night was also before midnight which limited what we were about to do on an evening. The hotel itself was not very inviting, and smelt like old carpet. The reception staff were not very friendly and it was fairly noisy. The bathroom has an unpleasant smell and it didn't feel clean. We had cleaners daily, who provided us with clean towels, however in the whole week of staying in the hotel, our sheets were never cleaned once. In all i didn't enjoy…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or155-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as you're lead to believe,"I booked this hotel before reading all the comments on Tripadvisor. Having read them I was a bit worried what kind it would turn out to be. I chose the hotel because of it's location, I had to go to somewhere 2 streets away. The hotel does have free parking, no mean feat in London. It's a 1920/30s built building most likely 2 or 3 houses joined up to make one property. I booked a single room with shared bathroom. The reception was pretty good, checking-in quick and with friendly staff, I did have to go back to get the electronic key to work but no big deal. The room was quite small, with a comfortable single bed, small chest of drawers and a wardrobe, the latter only having 3 coat hangers, none of which could be used for trousers. The room appeared to be generally clean, the…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or160-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",One level above from sleeping in the street,Because of a mistake of a co-traveller I was forced (!) to stay in that hotel...The most terrible place I've ever stayed.Of course the price was reasonable and the staff was friendly but these didn't affect the quality of the room which was horrible!...and ofcourse everywhere was the classic carpet with the smell of spilled beer...,Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or160-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",I liked it,"My boyfriend and is stayed in the hotel on 8th and 9th February 2013. After reading all the terrrible reviews i was very put off by this hotel however despite preference we were still on a budget and this fitted in. The hotel itself is in a really good location and only 15 minute walk from the closest train station and there are plently of buses if you feel a little lazy. The recptionist was very hard to understand as his English wasnt very good and as we departed we gave our key to a 8 year old girl sitting behind reception (child of someone who worked there ......i hope) I asked to see the room first, the first room was ok but smelt abit musky. this was room number 18. by the look of dissapointment on my face the recptionist offered another room which was 22. this room was…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or160-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Good Family Stay,I stayed at this hotel as I had to visit my family friends. The staff was excellent and were very helpful to guide with the location. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. I would suggest this hotel as It is very close to train station as well as public transport.  Overall lovely stay satisfied for the value of money and feels like home and secured.,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or160-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Unreliable hotel,"My family and I are travelling around England's countryside and we would ended in London because my son are going to get a flight at Heathrow Airport to return to Brazil. We choose to stay in this hotel for the following reason: close to Olympic Park, car park and family room available, out of London town centre, In some of the places where we had been we didn't have access to internet. The evening we are leaving Nottingham towards Newham Hotel in London, I checked my emails and noticed that the hotel had cancelled our booking. They said: ""There is maintenance problem in our family room so due to this we are unable to give you this room kindly try to arrange room somewhere ...""   I had booked this room on 11 October and they cancelled it  less than 24 hours from our arriving.…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or160-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Slightly better than sleeping on the street (I emphasise ""slightly"")","Terrible, terrible, terrible. Unless you're going to watch West Ham United FC play a night match then choose another hotel. The rooms are small and poorly kept, the mattresses a full of springs competing to see which one can poke you in the back the most number of times, and the pillows are about as thick as a slice of bread (or maybe not quite). I had what sounded like a family reunion in the corridor outside my room from midnight to 2:30am which I heard through the walls which were even thinner than my pillow. Breakfast is included in the room rate but my stomach still hasn't forgiven me for eating the stuff that was described as food but which didn't look dissimilar to the mould growing in the bathroom. The staff were less than helpful both during the booking process and my…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or165-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","not so good, not so bad...","For sure, this hotel will not be my best hotel where i sleep. But he is well located, breakfast ok, cleaning ok, a little bit noisy, the shower was broken. But the price is okay for London. The hotel is at only 12 min far from Liverpool street by train and 7 min from Forest gate by foot.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or165-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Newham is not an hotel but a hell hole,"I came in with couple of friends for five day stay. Bed spread was not changed. Upon request for change, I was told changes of bedspread is once in five days. Most of the staff are not friendly and speak with arrogance.  I wll not recommend the hotel for any humans neither can I ever use the place again, EVER!",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or165-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay in this hotel.,"This is the only time I have felt the need to write a review, after staying in hundreds of hotels in various countries, which have included poor hotels!! I booked a family room at this hotel for the Olympics, through a booking company, and paid well over the usual price. However, that was an error on my part. The hotel is filthy, noisy, and the service was horrendous. Please do not book or stay in this hotel. I wouldnt even consider staying there during a rugby tour, which says alot!",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or165-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Be prepared,"We stayed here in an ensuite room during Paralympics & from reviews did not expect too much,-just a sleep, shower and breakfast. Room & breakfast ok but absolutely no hot water-so cold shower only & toilet not enough pressure to flush properly! When we complained that our 'ensuite' wasn't working & asked for a partial refund the receptionist was very arrogant & unco-operative & said it wasn't 'their fault' as the electrics had overloaded & tripped out the boiler!!! Although he said he had reset it the water was still cold. He was also arguing with the postman about signing for mail. We gave up the discussion after a while, there was no management available, so we cut our losses & went to games where the atmosphere could not have been more different. This hotel could do with some…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or165-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",nice clean budget hotel,"After reading some of the other reviews,and staying at this hotel for the paralympics, honestly some people need to get a life,great value including a cooked full English breakfast,rooms were very clean, with a nice size flat screen t.v,on suite bathroom,plenty of room,if you want to stay at luxury,pay for it.We paid just over sixty pound,during the Olympics for two people,including a eat as much as you want full English breakfast,to me that's what i call value.would reccomend this hotel to anyone,,,",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or170-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",It's no that bad!!,I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights during the Olympics...aug 8th to 11th. Having read the reviews in advance I was somewhat nervous as to what to expect! Honestly I was pleasently surprised. It's not the Ritz but there again you are not paying for the Ritz!  Great location for access to Olympic park...bus stop right outside...handy to tube station so easy access to city centre. Clean room...nice sheets...2 comfortable single beds in my room...slept like a log. Reasonable bathroom...hot and cold water...nice little comfortable bath and shower above it. Couldnt fault it. Tv in room...Kettle...tea and coffee. If I was to fault anything it would be the carpet. Being n asthmatic I hate carpets...but I didnt react to it so they obviously hoovered it well.  The breakfast was…,Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or170-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Hell Hole,"I’ve been to a lot of budget hotels even in Europe but this place takes the p#@*.  Having managed to get our hands on tickets last minute for the Olympics we booked this hotel thinking the reviews can’t be that bad!  After an 8hr drive we arrived in the GETO! Small dingy unsavoury room (28), concrete slabs for pillows, which took over an hour to get an extra one after asking at the desk twice disturbing the texting receptionist!  The room may as well have not had any windows as the noise from the main road was so loud so we resorted to stuffing our ears with toilet roll (the bathroom is another issue –bad drainage poor excuse for a shower).  Spoke to reception in the morning to request moving room who was rude, unhelpful and we were treated like an inconvenience. Even though I…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or170-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",CRAP!,"Use to love this place many years ago but now the rooms are dirty, breakfast is terrible, its lost that care & attention, the noise during the night noone cares anymore and this is all im gonna say on this place or would be here for hours.....",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or170-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmares,"The other reviews do not exaggerate.  When I got there a man was arguing loudly with the man in the lobby.  He was trying to leave before his reservation ended, and get some of his money back.  I should have taken this as a cue to leave. The location is lousy, my room had a stench that was a mixture of bugs and smoke (even though it was a non-smoking room). The communal shower's drain was clogged so, despite only a trickle of water making its way out of the shower head, I was in standing water within a minute.  It was easily the worst hotel in which I have stayed.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or170-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here - Worst night's sleep!,"We booked this hotel online at short notice and did not read any of the reviews - BIG MISTAKE! We were given a room close to reception at the front of the hotel (room number 4) and the room seemed ok but did have a strange smell, especially the bed linen.  The tag line for this hotel is ‘a good night’s sleep’ but it definitely is not! People were walking past our room all night talking loudly and at 5am there was loud singing/chanting/laughter.  We finally got some sleep around 7am and woke up around 8.30am.   I tried to have a shower but there was no hot water so we decided to pack our case and load up the car before heading across the hall for breakfast only to find that the breakfast room was locked.  We asked at reception and were told that breakfast is only served until…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or175-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Could do better!,"On the plus side this budget hotel has a large car park and is easy to find. Check in was easy too. The bed in my room was comfortable and the room was clean. On the minus side I certainly didn't experience ""a good nights sleep"" which is the Tag line at the top of every page on the hotels own web site. There was commotion all night long. Even though I complained to reception at midnight and the people in the room above then turned the music off there was still laughing, loud voices, doors banging etc right through until 7am in the morning. Not good! The TV didn't work properly and I had to get reception over to fix it. Even then it only gave me a couple of channels then went off altogether. The Wifi / internet wasn't working either. I only had one towel in my room and no mat or…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or175-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Normal 2*hotel,"I dont know what people want from 2* hotel..??? I stayed for 3night. My room was clean,was tea,coffe,kettle, everything was what need for room. Shower was clean and worked normal. Oll staff was frendly and polite. Breakfast was normal,english. Just missed some fruits,but ok.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or175-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",TORTURE CAMP !!!!,dirty - hot -  used plasters left on stairs - no blind in bathroom so could not use shower - shower only ran scalding hot so could not use shower anyway - curtains would not close on a room facing main road - mattress lumpy and waifer thin - threadbare carpet - battered furniture - arguments in early hours outside room with what sounded like in house residents being told to pay up or get out - wish we had looked up reviews first before booking - do not under any circumstances stay here unless you are a fan of self torture !!!!,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or175-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and clean like little home,"Hotel is nice, location is good! Inspire there are old furniture in the room, is clean and fresh!!! Breakfast is beautifull, to much, u can eat unlimited! Girls in brekfast are very friendly, smiling and serving well, looking as a models!!! I asked for a fresh towel and iron which was given me immidiatly. All staff friendly and polite!!!",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or175-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT stay here,"I can't iterate enough about this place but DO NOT EVEN THINK OF STAYING HERE i booked this to stay overnight for a wedding and after arriving i started to have second thoughts.Once shown my room they were confirmed....small,dingy,dirty and smelt of god knows what.I imediatly booked out again and would urge anyone not to even consider getting as far as i did into the hotel",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or180-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Itch & Scratch, Itch & Scratch!! - You've Been Warned!!","I arrived midday with my Son & two grandaughters, we booked a quad room, We knew the room would consist of a double bed (shared by the grandchildren) & two single beds, the room (20) looked reasonably clean, small but sufficient! I noticed a few things that were not quite right, firstly the only light switch was by the door, so once in bed there was no way of turning the light off without getting out of bed as there was no bedside lighting provided, also the room was for four people yet there were only three towels, three cups & three drinking glasses!  We had booked the room so we could stay over for the night whilst we made a first time visit to watch West Ham, upton park is approximately a 20 minute walk away, after watching the football we found it near impossible to find an…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or180-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not brilliant but ok,"I booked into this hotel at short notice as my regular one let me down. It's not in a great area, there isn't much around other than fast food places and you'll struggle to find decent pubs or places to eat there. Many people would find the inner city area foreboding.  The hotel is dark grey and unfriendly looking as in the reviewer picture, not the pink friendly looking one in the main picture. I stayed in the 'council flat' type building next to it, on the ground floor. My stay didn't start very promisingly as when I first arrived a guest was complaining to the receptionist about his room. However the receptionist was polite and tried his best to help but the guest decided to cancel his booking.   My room faced the very busy Romford Road. However traffic noise was muted in the…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or180-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Do NOT stay here!!!!,Myself and my Manager arrived at this hotel and was horrifed from the first moment we saw it. I was hoping to god there was a mistake and we had arrived at the wrong hotel. We parked up the car and went inside to find we were greeted by a young man. He checked us both in. He had pointed out where my manager's room was but took me outside the building next door to what can only be described as a council house/flat. He opened the door to thr house/flat and then inserted a key into a shared access door. Behind the door were 4 bedroom doors and a communal bathroom. He gave me the key to my door where i found a bed a shower a tele and a very large spider. My natural reaction was to sit on my bed and think 'is this a joke'. Myself and my manager spent approx an hour ringing round…,Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or180-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Place I Have EVER slept in,"My boyfriend and I arrived at the Newham Hotel and instantly I wanted him to drive past.  The area was awful, the hotel from the outside looked horrible.  We booked this hotel for 2 nights stupidly without looking at reviews.  We went inside and was greeted by a young man who checked us in very nicely.    We then got to our room and we were horrified.  We had booked a double room and got two single beds.  We didn't want to moan about that because we thought simply we could push the beds together and get on with it.  But then it got worse.  There was dirty marks all over the walls, mirror, and even on the bed sheets.   The bathroom was tiny and dirty.  I did not want to stay in there another second.  My boyfriend and I left the hotel to go to into the City and then on returning…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or180-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"The staff, all one of them seemed helpful and were friendly, and the breakfast was fine, the rooms were 1. Dirty, carpet was sticky, yuk 2. Bathroom floor was broken and dirty. 3. Could not open drawers as bedside table was in way, and could not be moved (everything was crammed in) 4. Wardrobe door broken 5. One pillow each, asked for two more but only got one as said there were no more spare!!!! 6.Hotel arranged taxi and a price, to take us (4) too and back to 02, agreed £50.00, however on arriving at 02 driver demanded £70.00 were said hotel agreed price, after speaking to his boss, agreed to £35.00 paying rest on return, but you guessed they never showed up, we phoned firm but they kept hanging up, phoned hotel to explain they said they'd phone us back, but didn't, so we were…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or185-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here again!,"I work in the Tourism Industry In NZ and i have never ever slept in this kind of accommodation ever. Even our Backpackers are nicer.  When we arrived the outside of the hotel was quite nice and as it was a very hot day and i had just had a 30 hr flight we couldnt wait to get in the hotel, looking forward to some nice air conditioned rooms. Boy were we wrong.. The hotel was almost as hot inside as it was outside. No air con at all. So we collected our Room Keys and asked where the elevator was. There was none. So up a flight and a half of teeny tiny steps we headed to our rooms. Well it was the bed and a small wardrobe. Not to bad for budget acc. Bathroom seemed ok as well. BUT it was as hot if not HOTTER than outside. With one small window to let in a stiff breeze, of slightly…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or185-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",not again,was just their for one night thank fully room wasnt to bad but the shower was not even on the same floor and wasnt a shower more of a trickle and cold water workmen quality hotel but breakfast didnt start till 7.30 .Will not be stopping again if i can,Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or185-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Clean and basic, fine for a budget stay","My friend and I stayed here for one night in a twin en-suite room. The room was clean and spacious, and the shower was better than I'd expect for the level of establishment.  There is plenty of parking at the front and back of the hotel. The staff at reception were friendly and helpful. The only negative is that there wasn't enough seating for breakfast, it was only in a small room, so we couldn't have any. When we looked at what was on offer we weren't too upset that we couldn't eat, as it didn't look very appetizing. Also there wasn't a lift so I had to drag my suitcases up some narrow stairs. But overall, good value hotel.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or185-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",I thought it was ok!!!,Im suprised at reading these terrible reviews !!! I thought our room was clean and fairly new looking. Bathroom was ok too. We only stayed for one night whilst we attended Love Box Festival but it served its purpose(comfortable sleep & Breakfast). Staff seemed friendley.  For the money and what we wanted it for it was fine !!!,Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or185-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",FISH TANK,"My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for the night as it was 5 miles from the O2, the first impressions of the room and bathroom were quite nice however when i went to have a shower the water was coming out freezing and there was a smell of what can only be described as a dirty fish tank / sewage smell coming from the shower.   The shower also wasn't draining either, my boyfriend went to reception to complain, a man who could hardly speak English came up to the room to unblock the shower which made the smell even worse and the dirt, hair and other deposits that came out of the shower plug were disgusting, when we advised him of the nasty smell coming out the shower his answer was to bring us a bottle of nasty smelling air freshener, he also persisted to say that the water was…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or190-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Seek alternative unless your desperate !!!,"Turned up after booking online . Were told by Gite  the manager that he had tried to contact us saying that the two en suite rooms we had booked were now only one lying b****r ,the other was a room only with shared facilities .bedroom small ,bathroom flooded . Breakfast poor eastern european waitress,s grumpy. Avoid unless nothing else available",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or190-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Very disrespectful and rude..... unprofessional,"I called and booked a double room with my other half and offer us a discount because we said we are shopping around and we was please to hear that. We got there and the look at me...and looked shocked to see me a  (tall black male), I guessing because I was very well spoken voice. He turn to the porter to and spoke in his language made us wait about 10mins, I was shown to a room that was next to the hotel.....I was confused but we thought we would take a look. The porter took us a room with 2 SINGLE BEDS (unmade), TOWELS on the floor. WALL PAPER HANGING of the ceiling...I WAS IN SHOCK!! I thought it was a sick joke!  ** To cut long story short** He didn't want to take responsibly for room and told us to go elsewhere when we complained about it! Other customers was asking what's…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or190-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!!,"We booked to stay at this hotel for a trip to London and the o2 arena, on arrival we were placed into an adjoining building which contained 4 flats, we stayed in flat 2, the place was absolutley disgusting and if you given this as your room I would avoid at all costs!  There was 1 bath towel per couple, 1 tea cup per room, 2 tv's but no remote, the bathrooms had an overpowering smell of sewage and was generally very unpleasant, it wad dirty, the decorating hadn't been finished, tiles were missing from the shower unit.   If you want a nice relaxing night this is not the place to stay, the sirens from the emergency vehicels went on all night, police, ambulance etc etc didn't stop until 5am and then it only stopped for 10 minutes!! No sleep at all!!  To top it off after having no…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or190-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Not acceptable, felt prejudice","Booked a double room, however when i turned up and the receptionist noticed there would be two girls in one bed he then asked if we wanted a twin room. This was understandable to an extent, but we politely asked if we could keep what we booked. He then looked down and said 'actually we have a shortage of double rooms'. After asking why we could book that room, we were then told the booking didnt reach them ?? This was a blatant lie as he got our details straight away. Next he said his preferance was two girls and two boys go in twin rooms. We said okay, we will have the twin. This was then retracted and the excuse was the shortage of double beds again. We were put into a twin, and as we left to go out we were asked if the room was okay, and would we want a double ??? After much…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or190-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",never again,working on westfield stayed 12 months with work all summer got bit by fleas and winter bed bugs and rats in rooms one of are workers got bit so bad he needed doctors myself was bit i told the staff wast of time not understand i reported them to the food was not good eggs rock hard and room was flooded a lot of times toilet overflowing and showers above leaking never again,Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or195-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Its a HORRIBLE place to stay at,"Now look guys, I never write hotel reviews online, but I feel I have to duty to let everyone how this hotel kindda cheats you for your money. I paid 55 pounds for a twin room which I booked for myself for one nights stay. Upon arrival they requestd me to go for a double room since I was alone. I agreed on good faith. But they put me in the worlds worst possible room. It had a window adjecent to the laundry room, it smelled like crap and there was no air circulation. When I told them that I didnt like the room and wanted my original room back, they refused to change my room. I couldnt stay in the room as I was having problems breathing so I went out immediately after taking a shower. Then I had to sleep over at a friends house because I couldnt breath inside the room. It was the…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or195-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely poor quality hotel - would not recommend to anyone,"On arrival at the hotel the entrance area looked reasonable enough but after being shown to our room we were really disappointed. The room was tiny and housed a double bed pushed upgainst the wall, a wardrobe, small chest of drawers and bedside cabinet with missing handles. We were unable to make ourselves a drink due to the state of the inside of the kettle. The room was hot and stuffy with only a very small window The room was ensuite and the bathroom looked relatively new but on turning on the shower both hot and cold taps produced scalding water which prevented us from using the facilities. We requested another room but was told there were no rooms available. As we had booked two nights we decided only to stay the one and cancel the second night. The hotel refused to refund…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or195-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",OK hotel for a reasonable price,"After searching quite a while to find an hotel for my stay at the Excel Center I've found this hotel.   Plus: Direct connection to Excel Center (bus 325),  trainstation nearby (Forest gate),  night busses nearby Prices are reonable staff is OK (English) breakfast is OK Room was reasonable clean Roomsize was not big, but big enough (private) bathroom was small, shower not easy to handle, but it  always worked  They're still working on this hotel, but the staff informed us accordingly, offering us a different room when needed so.  To be improved: Neighbourhoud noise of the street a better plumber would be advisable for the hotel...  In short: I would absolutely recommand this hotel if you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel to stay in London for a couple of days.",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or195-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,"Rooms looked clean and so did the linen and towels, but while we were relaxing watching TV at about 11:30pm, the bed bugs started to appear.  Left the hotel immediately, utterly repulsive...  was refused a refund and offered another room...how could we stay at the same place, had to sleep on a friend living room floor that night...still have the bites to show... DISGUSTING.... DON'T GO THERE!!!!",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or195-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",It is okay and safe and clean,"when booking I was worried if it is clean and what is the location..  Location - by taxi from London City airport - about 20 min - just £14pounds the staff is very friendly and will attempt to help you with your enquiries - SO ASK! but check how they require your payment and when  The hotel is located not far from Green street ( where a lot of Asian food and shops are) if you are looking for a European restorant /cafe - McDonalds is just 5 min away from teh hotel. We could not find any other cafes around to eat maybe we were just too tired.  Breakfast is served with the English breakfast and cereals - but as it is a low budget hotel the food is teh appropriate quality - the papermadeof sausage I could not eat.  For the second day our room was left untouched - no cleaning,…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or200-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Thank goodness a smoking hotel,"Thank you, thank you, thank you Newham Hotel.   It is about time that some hotels realize the need for smoking rooms. Very much appreciated.",Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or200-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all! No really!,"We stayed for only one night here, and I short night I may add.  I've read the other reviews, so I expected worse, but it was not bad at all. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised. Better than 2 other London hotels I had seen (years earlier). They were more expensive and more... euh... crap*.  Availability: I made a booking a week prior to the trip, around Christmas time. That means that most hotels are fully booked, or really expensive. Considering we were only in the UK for less than 24 hours (visiting a concert in the O2 venue) room rate was most important. Rates are high in London, no doubt, this was one of the cheapest options, no actually, the cheapest.   The hotel itself: It's on a busy road, extending backwards. Hotel is typically red plush with overly decorated wall to…",None,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or200-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London",Newham Hotel - Not fit to be called a Hotel,"Booked 4 nights double ensuite at the Newham Hotel for business.  Only managed 2 nights and booked out into other hotel.  On the internet the rooms looked clean (important) and comfy.  On arrival were told that room would not be ready for at least another hour. The hotel stunk of stale cigarette smoke.  Our room was small, cramp and very hot.  Two empty beer bottles had been left on top of the wardrobe, wardrobe door hanging off, TV did not work (no aerial), we reported this to reception as we had to get out of the room for air, 2 hours later we came back to find that nothing had been done and the chap had gone home.  Other chap went to get an aerial from another room, only get 4 channels and picture very poor.  The bathroom was absolutely disgusting and not fit for use.  Shower…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d483409-Reviews-or200-Newham_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Newham Hotel Reviews, London","Smokers welcome, non-smokers beware","I've stayed at this hotel before, but my last stay in October had a serious issue. When I checked in, I asked for a single NON-SMOKING room. I was told that I could have a ensuite or basic (cheaper), and I selected the basic, as I was only staying one night. The room smelled of air freshner when I put my stuff in, so I opened the window and went to Upton Park Station to take the underground into London.  When I returned at night, the window was closed and the room STUNK like SMOKE. I complained at the front desk, and the clerk (who was smoking at the time), told me there were no other rooms, and gave me a can of air freshner.   I was not able to sleep well and had to leave the window and door open to get enough air to breath. ",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
