,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or0-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not recommended,"Lack of cleanliness Bathroom dated Toilet had not seen bleach Shower over bath not powerful  Advertised Toiletries missing.  Only one tiny discoloured bar of soap.  Tiny sink Nowhere to put your things Bedroom dark in basement. Windows below ground level, no natural light available.  Headboard full of dust and grime. Walls had dead insects. Pillows not comfortable.  Mattress atrocious.  We added breakfast. First morning fine, full English and offered vegetarian dishes.  Second morning, waited for 45 minutes without being asked what we would like. Then we were advised someone would take our order, waited again. No one came. Went to reception and looks like they had completely forgotten us. As we were due to check out in next half hour we had to ask for a refund.  Staff were mostly friendly. However, when I asked for a coffee after having an orange juice I was made to feel like I was committing a sin! Whole building is very dated. Needs to be dragged kicking and screaming into the 21st century.  Would not recommend unless you don’t care about surroundings, comfort or breakfast!…",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or0-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bridge park hotel is disgusting,This hotel is a shambles. Waited an hour and a half for a tiny portion of English breakfast. The rooms have squeaky beds and the beds feel like tables. Do not stay here. Mould on bathroom floor. Not good enough. This hotel is a joke,Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or0-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Horrendously disgusting,Never again!","Did not look anything like the photos online. I was given my keys to my room, and there's a cleaner still cleaning my room!!! Was dirty and damp, there was even mould on the windows. Would not recommend.   The bedroom stunk, weed??! Struggled to sleep. Glad only booked 1 night. Dirty bathroom and toilet!!! There was no manager to complaint. Staff clueless and racist.  On a positive book this place and you will become immune from the coronovirus after one visit!",Date of stay: March 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or0-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst Dive I have Ever Stayed In. London Horror.,"Worst hotel I've stayed in and rude service I have ever experienced in my entire life.  No window, No ventilation in bathroom (No window or extractor fan) leaving the bathroom misty after taking a shower and leaving it smelly after using the loo. Beds were extremely uncomfortable, Pillows were solid hurting your neck when you slept and flat af, it seems to me that bedding and pillows has not been changed since 80'S. Room was dusty and seems to me it has never been cleaned, dust had settled everywhere and even after us wiping it off with some sanitary wipes.   I have honestly never been anywhere and met such rude staff (excluding one housekeeper who cleaned the room and refreshed when asked to do so). I enquired the front desk to change my room and I was told by the women that she was only covering lunch for receptionist and put the phone down. What a nice way to serve your guests. There was no message left as I had to then argue with the chap in the reception later that evening. Negligence at its best plus they charged me for my entire stay after all this.   I never saw a manager or any sort of responsible person to complaint. Next morning I was told by the women sat in the office she is unable to speak to the manager as its a simple matter. she seem to have no clue of what she was doing , it was a waste of time trying to explain. Didn't seem to understand me of what I was trying to say.   Stay out of this place, its a waste of time and money.…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or0-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",AVOID - SCAMMERS,"I made my reservation before lockdown.  As I was browsing hotels in wembley via a popular hotel booking app this place came up. Since I was booking for an event at the arena I assumed this place would do for the night.    However with lockdown we were unable to travel and i cancelled my booking and tried to contact the hotel.   There was a women who said that the hotel is closed and call back if I need to when they open when i asked for the refund. Surely she answered the phone, which means she could have acknowledged me via email or phone regarding the refund for my booking.   Since then i have tried numerous times to call and all I hear is about a non-existing cancellation team.   Finally some hope, I waited for my refund but no sign of it. I decided to call again and got hold of the person dealing with my refund. Pretty useless. All she said was I will do it tomorrow.   Seriously???? Its been more than 2 weeks now and I have not had any sign of redund. AVOID, AVOID, AVOID. Do not give your card details here. Waste of money and time. Pay a bit extra and stay at a decent hotel.…",Date of stay: May 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or5-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid,"Booked with this premises on free cancellation for 2 nights in May not many days after booking I had to cancel. Fare enough they inform you they will take first nights Payments when booking in advance. But when canceling trying to get that money back under free cancellation is a nightmare. To far as to say they are theives. I contact the property after nothing was refunded who said they will pass it on to the cancellation department. We'll look at the place, like it has a cancellation department, it not something the size of premier Inn. I got no reply, a month later card issuer informed I decided to give booking firm resolution a go , got a reply after few days saying they had an unsatisfactory answer and still no refund from the hotel. I still have communication with booking…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or5-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting ,"1st stay here & our last. When we arrived we were welcomed with a well presented reception area & friendly staff, only to be told our room wasn't ready, even though I emailed the hotel saying we would be arriving at approx 2pm, we arrived at 2.30pm. We were invited to wait in the bar area where we could have a drink & maybe a bite to eat. The bar was very clean & the barman was helpful, we only had a bowl of chips as we were eating out that evening.  After a short period we were shown to our room (quadruple), there was a double bed, ensuite, bunk beds (small amount of damp.on the wall), a mini fridge, TV & tea making facilities. We noticed an odour in the room, but assumed this was due to recently being cleaned. After dumping our cases, we went out till late in the evening.…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or5-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ok,Stay for two nights over a two period . There is a car park at the back which is a bonus for the area . The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and was en-suite . The food in the bar was not bad . I can see it does need a bit of refurbishment but it was cheap for London .,Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or5-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",worst dinner,"I had food in the restaurant, it was horrible. the barman told me chef struggling because owner doen not provide enough staff. Fact of the matter was that only i was in whole bar and restaurnt , there was no other customers. it is shame , i live locally here , and i thought to give a try but it is disastrous. food has no taste, no seasoning . Management should hire better  chef not unskillful .     ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or5-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid!,Booked a room and cancelled the same day as I found alternative accommodation. Booked through booking.com and payment was due on arrival. Hotel took payment the same day my without authorisation. 2 and a half weeks later I have still not been refund!,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or10-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",DO NOT VISIT... ,"I visited this hotel in June 2019 as myself and some friends were going to capital summertime ball. Hotel was ok, bit dirty and run down. But for the price it was ok.  They take the money straight away which is fine until you need to make amendments. I had to cancel one room and rebook.... to this day I am still waiting for my refund. I have rang too many times to chase the refund, been promised numerous call backs to which never happens.  If you are going to book this hotel I would do so with caution. If you need to make any changes you will not get your refund!! I have been promised another call on Monday morning.... let’s see if it actually happens!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or10-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Won’t be returning.,"Me and my partner had stayed here in March as I had an interview for the police and it was close to where I needed to be. Even though it wasn’t anything close to luxury, it was manageable for a night. The room we stayed in was so cold and there seemed to be no way of turning any kind of heating on which was disappointing. The free parking in London is a massive bonus also. We recently returned as I had my fitness test for the police and for the sake of £35 on booking.com and free parking, we thought we’d spending another night here. It was very odd that we were put in the exact same room as last time. This time, the room seemed to be absolutely filthy! It was barely clean in March but when we went in August, everything was disgusting! The room was still very cold, there were…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or10-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Just for a weekend ,"10 minutes walking from the metro station and it takes about 30 minutes to go to Picadilly and around.  The room for 4 people is not really big and the bathroom is really small. Beds are okay.  The breakfast options are limited but fine.  It’s okay for a weekend, especially the price during summer time. ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or10-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful place - couldnt wait to leave and get in the shower!,"We arrived for a one night stay in July'19. We had booked via booking.com a double en-suit room.  First impressions when we pulled up the hotel looked a bit shabby but I stayed optimistic. On entering the hotel, the reception was old, tired and dark. The staff although friendly, had stains on their shirts - I was starting to wonder what we had booked.  The hotel offered free parking, something that made us choose this hotel. On arrival we had to register our number plate to book the car in.  We where provided with a free wifi code, and at this point I'm thinking maybe I'm just over-reacting to my first impression of the hotel... as they seem to have all mod cons...But I was so very wrong.  When we were showed to our room firstly all you could smell was fresh paint, instant…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or10-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Dirty rooms SNOT on wall!,"Shall do the positives first Loads of safe parking we arrived early and was able to park up and explore London before we checked in, the hotel looks lovely from the front and inside a massive chandelier with lovely eye catching wall art the buffet breakfast was amazing! The lovely chef cooked me veggie sausages and the hot food was very yummy bargain for the price.    Now for the bad bits no windows we were boiling! After a hot day in London we wanted to just be able to rest before our concert but it was so hot even with a large fan on the room never cooled down, I decided to take a bath but once I looked at the state of it had a quick shower after cleaning it, we paid more for a en suite and I have to say I definitely wouldn't count it as that! You couldn't move at all the sink…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or15-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Only worth it if you want to stagger back from a concert drunk.,"Was very disappointed by this hotel. We were not expecting much from reading reviews but went for it for the proximity to Wembley Stadium. It's dark and dingy and feels like a hostel. Our room was badly decorated with touch ups clearly visible, but the worse part was the shower tray. At first we hoped it was just stained but when you ran your finger over it, you could feel the filth. We spent about 15 mins in our room before heading out and then went straight to sleep when we got in. Had to get dressed immediately when we woke and left without even trying the breakfast we had paid for, it did not feel clean anywhere except the sheets.  To be fair to them, they were having some work done in the hallway outside our room, would have been nice if they hadn't of started at 8am…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or15-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",not as bad as reviews make out,"This isn't the best hotel but it isn't the worst. Yes it is very dated and in much need of renovation but signs up suggest this was in progress, giving the look of the dining room and the impressive hand painted murial as say it had started.  We arrived on saturday during a heatwave of 33oc and was offered ice cold water on entry, which was much needed.   We were shown our room in the basement, which was almost a scene out of a horror movie in honesty, where the lights didnt turn on til you were almost under it, but again a bit of investment and this wont be so bad, it made me and my daughter giggle, as we love horror movies.   The room itself was basic and clean. Lower your expectations and you wont be disappointed, again a lick of paint and new carpets and it will do for a…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or15-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Shocking,"Terrible experience. Stayed here for the Pink concert at Wembley and nothing but trouble. Arrived at 4pm and our room wasn't ready. They had Sunday staff on and all 44 rooms were fully booked for the gig and only had two staff to clear all the rooms. One family were there at 1pm and didn't get in the room till 4.30 (and then because of overbooking gave them a room with all bunk beds). We were luckier but didn't get in till 5.45. Missed the first support act because of this and I personally would like to thank the owner for potentially ruining my girlfriend's 40th. The room itself was actually nice. The next morning however, we went for breakfast. The food was almost inedible. Nice orange juice though.  We spoke to a member of staff about what was going on and she'd tried to ring…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or15-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Filthy,The hotel was filthy. The showers were so dirty we darent use them for fear of cat hing some disease. The bedrooms were filthy too. At least four years of dust on skirting boards. Do not stay here at any cost,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or15-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A breakfast of instalments ,Arrived early and it was lovely to know they would allow early check in.  We were directed to our room in the basement with no windows.  Our booking never said there were no windows.  The room was very small.  We moved to another room on the top floor.  The shower tray was filthy and the grout around the shower base was all black.  All it needs is a good clean with bleach.  Could see new light fittings have been fitted.  Bed was comfy and slept well.  We booked a full english breakfast.  Upon arrival for breakfast we saw it was a buffet breakfast.  The buffet selection looked good however the trays were empty. Food came out intermittently so breakfast was in instalments.  Lack of plates cups hot water.  Only 2 staff on which was on a busy weekend they should have been better…,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or20-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgustingly unclean and unsafe,"The hotel boasts that is is close to Wembley. It is a £20 taxi ride. The nearest overground station is Harlesden and google maps takes you on a route through a very intimidating estate to get to the hotel. For two females we felt very concerned.  The hotel photos on the booking.com app are not at all the same as the rooms. Corridors look like they haven’t seen a Hoover in years. The hotel smells strongly of damp. It is cluttered with creepy looking art work.  We were shown into a different bedroom to our own as our room wasn’t ready yet, despite it being 3pm.  The room was very small. The bathroom was absolutely filthy. The beds were uncomfortable and we were given one very flat worn pillow each. In the room was a fridge which was very loud and kept us awake. The door didn’t…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or20-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Basic and unclean,"Website states that hotelroom came with its own bathroom, this is not the case. Communal Bathroom is dirty with leaking shower. Three single beds with three different mattresses. Uncleen, dusty room. Hallways smell like cigarette smoke. Breakfast was cold. Website States 7 minute walk from Wembley Stadium, this is incorrect it is more like 45minutes. Uber or bus is advised at reception. Asked at reception about upgrading our room, they said there was none available and offered no explanation for the state of our room. Do not stay unless you have no where else, bedding was clean that is the only good point to this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or20-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ok for an economy break base,"We stayed for two nights for a budget weekend in London. We had a triple room in the basement floor with ensuite.  The hotel is a bit tatty and it seems undergoing refurbishment.  However our room was clean and beds were comfortable.  For the price we paid we were happy enough.  Hotel has smoke free parking and is 20 mins walk from Harlseden tube station which is zone 3 on the bakerloo line.  Only negative for us was the couple in the next door room loudly arguing all night, but this is not the hotels fault.  Attentive and friendly staff.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or20-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Room not ready, broken climbing frame, dirty bath","Stayed at this hotel near Wembley last weekend, wife found the room, met at 3.00pm with room was not ready.  Went into the room,  met with a fairly nice room, 4 poster bed.   Workmen at rear of hotel building.  Then saw Bath, this was a whirlpool bath, dirty (see pictures)  Went to bed was woken Saturday morning 8.00am with building happening.   Slept OK, but room hot, lots of noise from fridge in the room.  Slide and playpark in the garden, but lots of rubbish in the garden plants, slide had piece broken off.   Sunday about to leave, garden locked, receptionist did not speak English.  Really poor overall, saved by the bed.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or20-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Wembley trip,Well we're do you start with this one. Don't look at any room related photos issued by this hotel we booked two singles so in need of a cleaner never mind a lick of paint. The shared shower room is shocking for cleanliness and the actual water knob falls off and hits you on the top of your foot. be careful. After check in we went down to the reception. no drinks available at that time 3.30pm. So asked what time the would be available in the evening we were told that it serves until midnight. After a fantastic night out with my fellow safc friends and family we returned back to this so called hotel at 11.20pm to have one more drink for the night. We were told no more drinking was available because the till roll was done and also it is English law not to sell alcohol after 11pm.(…,Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or25-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful place! ,"My partner stayed here recently while working away from home. He booked through booking.com and it didn't look bad. His words to me since were tatty, outdated and ""ok"" for the small price he paid.  Booking.com suggested it was a pay on arrival booking however this wasn't the case, they tried to take the money from my partners credit card before he arrived,  they attempted to take two seperate payments which then blocked his card meaning after a long day travelling and working he had to spend time on the phone to rectify this. As if this wasn't bad enough they have since tried to take ANOTHER payment and blocked his card again, meaning he has had to spend more time on the phone in between travelling and working.  The price of this place waa cheap but thats all it had going for…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or25-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Fantastic staff,"The best thing about this hotel is the wonderful staff, who completely put themselves out to make our stay perfect. Couldn't have been more charming. The hotel itself was clean and fitted with everything we needed",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or25-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",If hell was a hotel.. this would be it!!,"Came over from Ireland for a break away with my mother for one night. My mum suffers very badly with a condition called fibromyalgia which effects every nerve and muscle in her back. So a break away was needed. This place is a absolutely filthy, nowhere near as described. The floor/carpets have stains of god knows what all over them leading up to the bedroom and in the bedroom, the bed sheets smell when we checked, the rooms are dirty. The hygiene levels in there are disgusting, I do not know how this place is still open, a health and safety check is very much so needed. My outside dogs in Ireland live in better conditions then what we were expected to pay for. Myself and my mother agreed that we would rather sleep homeless then stay in a dive like this. The management refused…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or25-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"Booked hotel as a last minute thing, the rooms looked so nice on booking.com  When we arrived. Restaurant looked clean so we thought it was a decent place.  On arrival to the rooms the hall ways are very mucky and the carpets are SO dirty! Entering the room the carpet is absolutely filthy and you seriously wouldn’t want your feet to touch it incase you catch germs. Theres dirt all around the carpet, room as a really funny smell, tv didnt work.  Getting into the bed the covers had like a medicated smell absolutely vile! When i got into the bed I could NOT stop itching! I cant even sleep im up writing this review. The showers are mucky so how am i going to wash my skin!! Thank god its only for a few hours. I’ve laid the hotel towel on floor because my feet cannot touch that…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or25-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Emergency visit to london,"I'm writing this review on behalf of my brother and his daughter, my sister in law was rushed from a hospital in Cornwall to the hammersmith hospital for a urgent operation. I love in high wycombe and as my brother was not keen on train or driving in london. A last minute scrabble to find a local hotel to the hospital. This hotel came through and had a room available for a few nights it's no frills but met there needs as a place to stay. The reception team were attentive and helped no end.  If you want a no frills place to put your head down this your place",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or30-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Exactly as described.... No frills,"I've stayed in worse hotels. It was the cheapest I could find for the week due to Tottenham vs Inter Milan.  Hotels need stop price gouging in situations like this as it's unaffordable, unrealistic and in a big way, unfair trade. Set rates for the hotel class should apply. I'd expect to pay £30 a night maximum for this. I wasn't expecting Premier Inn standards and prepared for the worst. Better than I thought. The shared bathroom and toilets was not ideal but it worked fine and could always smell cleaning fluids which is promising.  The hotel could do with a major refurbishment and provide en suite rooms and aim in a higher direction to charge the rates they seem acceptable. There is a bar underneath the room I stayed in which was very loud until 11pm. Other hotel guests are…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or30-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Shoddy Hotel,"Stayed here in October 2018, was in a single room with shared bathroom - was a last minute booking and believe me when I say, it wasn't cheap.  The shared bathroom was filthy, the room wasn't exactly spotless and stunk of skunk - I chose to sleep on top of the bed with my clothes on.  I will never stay here again, on the plus side the Guiness was nice, reasonably priced and I was impressed by the breakfast - you still couldn't pay me to return though - my colleague was allotted some kind of suite which apparently was just plain weird and nowhere near as bad as what I was given.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or30-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A great little gem but don't tell everyone ,This is a great little place. Just outside of London. Two miles from Wembley. Rooms  very clean staff great. The ladies on reception are stunning and very efficient and the male staff very helpful. Food is good and very reasonable for London. They sell John Smith so how can a Northern Lad complain. Clean comfortable and good value. But don't tell everyone. I want to come back to this place. ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or30-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel!!!,"The ad on booking.com stated breakfast is included and all spacious rooms have bathrooms - completely untrue! The bathrooms are shared and breakfast is not included. What’s more, it’s non-refundable. The front desk clerk is rude and does not ‘have the time’ to speak to customers apparently. It’s all a pack of lies!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or30-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Good value, just what we needed","We stayed for one night in an ensuite double room when attending The Cure BST gig in Hyde Park. This hotel was the cheapest I could find within reach. It was pretty easy to find off the M4. Great to be able to park outside for free. The hotel is a quirky building- be interesting to know more about the history. The chap on reception was covering a lunch break but kindly checked us in a bit early.  The room was a little tired but suited our needs. Linen was clean, super big bed and situated on the basement floor so a bit cooler (during a heatwave). There were coffee/tea facilities and a menu offering room service (which we liked the idea of but didn't use). It was pretty quiet for a hotel in London, I slept really well. The location was great for us; bus stop outside into London…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or35-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"My friend and I stayed over 1 night whilst Ed Sheeran was performing at Wembley. Unfortunately this is a negative review as me and my travel partner are very disappointed with our stay. To start with we thought we were getting our own bathroom. Turns out it is a bathroom we share with the whole of our floor! This was not advertised on your website pictures, the images show bathrooms in our own hotel rooms. Furthermore, the bathrooms were not clean  (as shown in the attached pictures). There was no soap and the day before, the bathroom was not even cleaned!! Upon walking back from the bathroom, the hallway walls had stains and marks all up them - not something you expect to see. Unlocking and locking our room seemed to be a challenge also - this did not make us feel very safe!…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or35-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You get hat you pay for! It's fine!,"I came with my 2 teenage kids to see Taylor Swift recently. The room was small but i expected that; the bathroom was 3 star and I expected that. The people were nice - we came home late and they sorted us out extra towels no problem. The breakfast was fine. The lady on the desk - a young Polish lady, I believe, was very helpful. I would go back for a flying visit to Wembley no problem. As a newbie to London they were all lovely about our best options for bus or tube or cab. You get what you pay for. It could do with a lick of paint and a hoover though!",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or35-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Strange,"I understand that it is a budget hotel. I understand that the accommodation is designed to be basic and cost-friendly, fitting for the not-so-desirable location in a rough part of London which is not at the fault of the hotel owners, you know that when you book of course.  However, what I fail to understand is the sheer disgrace of the rooms of the hotel. I am not a snobby person , all I wanted was a simplistic room- surely cleanliness goes hand in hand with accommodation open to the public? I must have thought wrong. Stepping into the room, It was quite dull and appeared to be quite scary, we joked it was like a horror film. I could have lived with that but stepping into the bathroom made me realise I was not having a shower on my one night stay (thank God it was only one…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or35-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Hotel near Wembley - ok for a short stay,"Had a family room for myself, hubby and 2 daughters to stay while attending a concert at Wembley. The hotel is old and in dire need of renovation everywhere. That said, the room/sheets were clean and the receptionist when we arrived was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was limited but adequate. It’s about a 40 min walk to Wembley Stadium from the hotel or there is a bus stop directly opposite. The plus point was the hotel had a free carpark and the staff let us leave our car there all day after checking out to sightsee. I don’t think it was in one of the nicest areas of London but it did the job for us for the night. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or35-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap aic,"Before I stayed here for 10 days over 2 weeks my wife called the hotel to ask what the area is like They told her it’s a really quiet part of London with no problems The area is a dump dangerous and was told buy staff not to wander out after dark , that hard not to do when staying in January , The hotel it’s self is basic and not clean I ended up being bitten everywhere from the beds , I also complained to the manager about the smell of drugs all in the corridors , his reply was ‘I know what can you do ‘ well you can stop it it’s your hotel and I didn’t pay for ten days to stay in a drug den!!! I saw drug deals going on in the car park and outside the pub The food in the bar is ok basic and mostly microwaved but you can live on it just , the same drunks are in the bar night…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or40-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not up to London standard,"We took minimal clothes because the listing stated that there was a laundry, in fact there is not one on sight or near by. There is a communal cooking room but no pots , pans or cutlery to use. The tea/coffee area has no lighting so hazardous to use the kettle, I improvised with a torchlight. Single glazing windows on a very busy road. Breakfast was a good hot and cold selection but cooked foods were dried out , and no choice of egg. The bar was smelly and always full of drunks with colourful language. The bedding and towels were very clean and changed regularly. The bed was comfortable and firm.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or40-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Very friendly, basic but excellent value","The hotel décor is basic but the welcome makes up for it and the staff are very friendly. The breakfast was amazing !! help yourself buffet breakfast kept HOT in a bain marie. even premier inn cannot do this good...the chef came out at least five times whilst I was eating to check that all the food was topped up and that the lids were on to keep food hot, plates were cleared quickly, food was delicious. Single rooms are small but have a tv, sink and kettle with tea or coffee and the bed was comfortable. there are plenty of shower rooms and wc's and even a covered rooftop terrace for a breath of fresh air. For the low price I don't know how they do it, but I can highly recommend this budget hotel.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or40-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent for one night stop,"Very clean,staff really friendly and helpfull,breakfast really nice.I would definetly reccomand and use again. The room was not expensive at all,we had the en suite room,they have parking,free wifi. Temperature ok in the hotel and in the room,good mattress.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or40-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Dated old Hotel, handy for Wembley.","Decent Budget Hotel is ok for a one night stop if visiting Wembley, decent breakfast. Tesco Express next door and takeaways and restaurants nearby makes is ideal. Number 18 bus stop across the road serves Wembley Town centre close to stadium. Pub next door, menu looked good but didn't have time to review.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or40-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You Get What You Pay For,"Pretty much what the title says. Stayed with two friends and paid £35 equivalent each. In London. On a Saturday. With an international event on at Wembley.   It was clean, the staff were friendly and I slept well. Yes the rooms are basic, yes the beds aren't memory foam with duck-down covers but what do you expect?  I must admit after reading the ratings here I was concerned. Didn't need to be, it's fine. Anyone on a budget, is recommend this place. Anyone expecting 5* luxury, get real and pay the premium elsewhere.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or45-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good for Wembley stadium and SSE Arena,"The hotel is within walking distance to Wembley, it's on a road side but we didn't find it too noisy. The staff were nice especially the receptionist when we arrived. The room was comfortable and clean but may be a little dated. The bathroom was fine, towels and bedding clean, beds comfortable. Safe in room, TV and kettle, free wifi and toiletries. Breakfast was included and was full English, hot drinks, juice, cereal. The only thing missing in the room was a hairdryer. Plenty of parking available.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or45-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Would be 0 but doesn't allow it!,"Shocking place! Noisy place can hear people walking upstairs! Water in room didn't have hot water bed was uncomfortable,smell in room,window didn't open, communal shower bathroom smell was even worse of damp smell.....decided not to try breakfast as wanted to get out ASAP.....worst I've place ever stayed at!!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or45-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bed bugs,"This is the ONLY hotel i've ever had to walk out of and cancel mid stay! Booked a 3 night stay as I was working very close by. Looked at the room and thought it looked basic and tired but otherwise manageable. Firstly the walls were so thin I could hear everything from next doors tv! Then to top off a bad nights sleep I woke up covered in bed bug bites!!! My arms, back and even face had bites, including one on my wedding finger that swelled up so I couldn't remove my rings! I cancelled the next 2 nights as I'd rather have a commute that took a couple of hours than risk another night and being covered in embarrassing bites in front of clients! My clothes all had to be put in the freezer and my case is being kept in the garage until I know and bugs will be dead! ",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or45-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",NICE HOTEL,"This hotel is near to Wembley and on roadside. The hotel is very neat and clean, very comfortable, the staff is very polite (particularly Mr Fransis on reception desk) , prompt response. Recommended to all tourists visiting London, Wembley Central",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or45-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent for Wembley,"Ok yes, it may be a little bit dated in decor etc, but the friendliness of the staff, clean bedding and comfortable beds, short bus ride to Wembley Stadium, ample off road parking and a welcoming not too expensive pub attached serving decent food far outweigh any negatives. Perfect for what we needed and will definitely look to stay there again in the future.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or50-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Eeek,"From the moment I walked in I noticed it was dated and the carpets needed replacing. We were placed on the top floor up many flights of narrow and steep stairs. The beds were uncomfortable, the room was with little amenities, and the shower was awful.  I think the most shocking thing for me was that I came back to open the mini fridge to find that someone had drank my smoothie. It was unopened and sealed when I left it. Don't stay here.   Only plus - staff seemed friendly.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or50-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"I had a terrible experience in the Bridge Park Hotel. The location is terrible, hard to get there from Gatwick airport (3 trains and a walk) its 11 minutes walk to the nearest station. The hotel smells bad! The dinning room feels dirty. The carpets don´t look clean and the facility is not accessible for people with special needs. My room had a terrible smell of old cigarettes (even though smoking is not allowed), there is no A.C., so in the summer my room was unbearably hot; bathrooms are shared and they do not keep them clean, so wanting to use them is a very disgusting adventure. My only positive comment regarding the hotel is that the staff at the reception are really nice but I would absolutely NOT recommend it. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or50-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good for what it is and where it is,Not a bad hotel.   Little dated and could do with updating but not bad.    Rooms are not bad. Beds are comfy.   With tea making facilities in the room.  10 minutes walk to the tube and then about a 25 minute ride to central London.       Would use again if ever back in London.   ,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or50-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK FOR AN EVENT !!!!,"Do not book this hotel, we did for the Adele Concert and very unhelpful when the event was cancelled. I didn't expect a refund, but perhaps a transfer to another date etc. Not Impressed!! We go to many events and would Never book here again!!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or50-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent budget hotel for Wembley Stadium with free parking,"The hotel is not the most modern, but is clean and the beds were comfy- with fire doors and sprinklers everywhere. Spent a night here on 24th June for the great Jeff Lynne's ELO concert at Wembley Stadium- which is approx 20 mins walk away- which is faster than you can drive with all of the jams. They also provide free car parking and free wifi.  Would stay here again for a one night stay.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or55-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",For one night only,"We stayed here on 24th June 2017, we went to a concert at Wembley stadium. The hotel is a little dated and could do with some TLC, but it's clean and safe and very welcoming. We was in room 404. Room was adequate for what we wanted, lovely clean shower room. We had a quick meal before the concert and it was tasty. Their breakfast is also very good considering the price. The cheapest way to get to the stadium from here is by Bus No18, which you can get across the road and return stop is next door. Look out for Shakespeare stop. You will need an Oyster card to travel which you can purchase from the newsagent across the road. I will be returning here when I visit the stadium again.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or55-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great for a one or two night stay on a budget with free parking.,Hotel is a bit dated however you cant complain for the price they are charging. Free parking and free wifi. Could you with new carpets and paint. Would stay here again for a one night stay. 10 minutes form westfield shopping centre.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or55-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Unhelpful staff, poor conditions","Booked to stay on a Saturday and arrived at hotel and checked in. Rooms are of poor quality and not really same as images provided. Staff unhelpful and short while after checking in, had to leave due to unforeseen circumstances and staff response was very poor. Receptionist gave an email address to email for help, emailed twice and to this day no response.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or55-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Serves a purpose,"Stayed here with a mate for the AJ fight. If you want a proper 3/4 star hotel this isn't the place for you, some bad reviews I think have overlooked this.   But it's close to Wembley the staff are friendly and pub attached is decent. Rooms could do with new carpets but this is just somewhere to sleep it wasn't too bad ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or55-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",GOt what I wanted and paid for.,"I needed a room as I was going to the semi finals at Wembley. I booked and paid for a 'single room with shared bathroom facilities' and that's exactly what I got. It wasn't glamorous, could do with a lick of paint and new carpets and the bathroom wasn't the best but it served its purpose. Free wifi which worked perfectly fine was a big thing aswell! A place to drop my bag off, head to Wembley (a nice 30 minute walk away) come back, have a beer and something to eat, go to bed, wake up, have a shower, have breakfast and take off. If you're looking for luxury for a few nights in the capital it probably isn't for you, but if I need to make the same trip again I'd certainly come back! Staff friendly, food was decent. Good transport links to!",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or60-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Budget,This hotel is what it is.It trys hard to be something it is'nt but you cant polish a turd.It is cheap and has ample free parking.The rooms are a little dated and have single glazing.The staff are efficient and very helpful.Dont expect to much from this budget hotel and you will not be disappointed.,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or60-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",One night stay,"A nice hotel some of the reviews are harsh, true the room (401) Could have done with new carpets but it was clean and the staff were very friendly breakfast was great would and will stay there again it's a good 3 star hotel",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or60-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!,"This hotel was a filthy hovel!!! Carpets were thread bare, curtains were filthy and the bathroom and shower were covered in mould. We had one hard flat pillow each and the mattress was like an ironing board. I'd say you'd be better off sleeping on the floor but that was filthy too! The walls were extremely thin and we could hear everything that was going on in the room next door, even their toilet/bathroom habits! On the plus side, the staff were friendly and helpful. But there was little they could do with regards the state of this hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or60-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",TRIED TO RIP ME OFF! Poor customer service,"Brought a room on free cancellation on booking.com. They took the money anyway, then I cancelled it, waited days for the refund but still nothing! After phoning them a RUDE woman said 'I was just about to do it...'.  Do they think I was born yesterday??? Now 'if' the refund goes through, I have to wait up to two weeks for it back.   Con Artists!!! And by the look of the other reviews, I luckily missed out staying here. POOR!!!",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or60-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",useful location and cheap,"Yes it's not the Ritz but it's cheap. Don't go here for a romantic weekend but if your coming to London for a concert or a party then its a good cheap place to crash. Get a late checkout and a room in the basement with no windows and you will sleep off your hangover, there is also a good bar if you want to carry on drinking. considering its pretty much half the price of a Travelodge its not a bad deal.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or65-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",non existant customer service!!,"Do not stay at this hotel if you feel Customer Service is important. I stayed in this dreadful hotel in November 2016 when I left a pair of boots in the hotel room. After arranging for the costs to be covered, I rang several times when finally the hotel receptionist informed me that  she 'did not have the time' to return the boots!! I had to post my own packaging to them and then arrange for the collection and delivery myself!! I will not be staying at hotel again.They were very unhelpful and unsatisfactory. This is a hotel  that does not deserve to be in business for very long.  I Wonder how an American visitor would have reacted to this kind of 'service'.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or65-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Uncomfortable and noisy,"Never again. I know you get what you pay for, but the most uncomfortable, lumpy mattress and a single-glazed window facing the main road meant i got no sleep at all. Came here for Wembley. Only thing in its favour is location. Avoid.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or65-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good value basic hotel,Having read the reviews I was worried to stay here ! It was a one night stop whilst seeing  a band at the arena. Looks a bit scrubby and wouldn't want to stay in the shower for too long - but if what you are looking for is a basic stopover you will be fine here. Friendly staff - got me an extra blanket . Good breakfast included. Really comfy beds . ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or65-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever stayed in ,In London with family for England Match. Booked 3 rooms but they are the worst rooms ever. Two had no ensure and bathroom outside broken. Room had one small thin mattress and whole room smelled of smoke. TV control broken no plug in sink and cup had hole burnt into it. Reported to front desk but just ignored twice Finally breakfast average at best.  Avoid at all costs terrible place,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or65-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Nfl weekend,Stay away from this place. Should have a health warning on. Staff are friendly but place is a dump. Carpets are disgusting and rooms are to.sticky surfaces everywhere.  Wouldn't stay again if I was paid to. Bar staff are friendly guys and reception are to. Place needs full refurbishment ,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or70-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great Room,"We stayed in room 205, four poster bed, jacuzzi bath and bathroom tv! Was a decent breakfast too and half an hour walk from Wembley Stadium. Staff fairly helpful though some seemed to struggle with language.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or70-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",BEDBUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"I stayed 3 nights and though the staff were friendly and polite, the room (301) is infested with hundreds of bedbugs. They crawled all over me and bit me badly everywhere. It stopped me sleeping for my stay and I hardly had any sleep over the whole 4-day trip. It messed up my conference and I had so much trouble sleeping I was late every day and missed a lot of the conference/event including the best/important bits.. In one of my job interviews on the third day of conference it was going well (there is a careers fair there too) until the point when a huge bedbug crawled out of my clothes at the neck and onto my shoulder, at which point the interview was immediately terminated by the company! I gave 2 or 3 bags of bedbugs of all sizes to the staff in the mornings. The 2nd evening…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or70-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Site seeing & concert,"Staff are lovely and very helpful, so close to London and a small bus ride from everything you need to see! Rooms were clean and comfy the meals were amazing!! Would highly recommend if staying around London! Very good value for the money! ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or70-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Flea pit,"This place is a dump! Booked online in a rush,looked it up on the reviews and wanted to cancel IMMEDIATELY! So I phoned the hotel up.I was refused my money back and told there was no cancellation policy. Management would not cancel my booking and tried to take the weeks payment off my card close to£300. I had to contact my bank and cancel my debit card.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or70-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good stay,"No problems at all...free parking round back; TV & wi-fi worked fine which is more than I can say for some fancier establishments; Mini fridge in room! Plus shared kitchen. I've stayed in around14 places over past 3 wks in Ireland & UK and this is the only one to offer both; A little ways out of city but only 10 min walk to Harlesden underground then take Bakerloo line to Charing Cross and you're at Trafalfar Square.  Drawbacks: Building is dated - who cares? Room was small - mine was only a single bed with desk, chair etc. Being a solo traveller that's fine with me. Shared bathroom - there was 2 on my floor and neither ever seemed to be in use. All up, great budget stay and will be staying again when back in London in a week or so.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or75-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ok for contractors ,Stayed here for several weeks  as it is relatively  cheap The hotel  is in need of a makeover and definitely  needs double  glazing if you get a room on the road side you need to be a very  heavy sleeper as ear plugs don't cut out the noise.  The food is good and reasonably priced ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or75-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Cheap,  comfortable friendly and good location ","Yes the place looks run down from the outside,  when you walk in it looks dated but don't let it put you off.  There is a really secure car park at the rear of the property which is locked overnight,  doesn't cost anything which is a bonus.  Checking in was easy enough,  the receptionist was lovely and showed us to our room.  We were in room 205 which was a ground floor room.  We had paid a little bit extra for the executive King room and we weren't disappointed. Could do with a little updating by it was really clean, well stocked with towels and  toiletries.  It had a lovely wooden four poster bed that was super comfortable.  In the room was also a safe and a fridge.  Went into the bathroom,  gleaming white bathroom suite that looks newish,  with an amazing jacuzzi tub and TV. …",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or75-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You get what you pay for - but the carpets need replacing,"Needed a last minute budget hotel in North london and this was the best looking one I could find under £80 and free parking. Very dated hotel but friendly staff. Was shown to our room - 2nd floor, no lift, narrow stairs so that was a bit of an adventure - the carpets were scary - threadbare on the stairs and so many stains.   We feared the worst but the room was clean and free wifi that worked was a bonus - Not the most comfortable bed but managed a good nights sleep.  There was a fridge in the room which was unexpected - but sadly so noisy that we had to switch it off. Breakfast was included but we had to leave early so didn't take advantage of that.  This would be a much better hotel with a lick of paint and some new carpets.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or75-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Pleasantly Suprised,"Clean Room,with fresh linen and towels,tv free wifi kettle coffee and tea,Friendly and helpful staff, and a big english b/fast.All for the price of £103 for 4 ,Having read previous reviews i thought ,i was spending a night at some sticky carpet establishment;Nothing was further from the truth.we came down for the Ace Cafe Brighton ,run so with safe parking for the bikes and a 12 min walk to the Ace Cafe the Bridge Hotel was spot on",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or75-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Outdated,"Stayed for Wembley weekend the staff smiled a lot but didn't understand what you tried to convey.The room I was in was on the front and very noisy,there was a big gap when the window was closed.Even after a boat load of booze sleep was damn nye impossible.I asked for a room change to be met with a big smile and that was the end of it.The hotel its self was desperately in need of a refurbishment, paint peeling wallpaper been up for years,carpets well let's not go there.On a positive note the breakfast was hot plenty full and well cooked.Wont be rushing back any time soon,think I'll find somewhere else next year  ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or80-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A cozy place to stay ,"I definitely recommend this place for everyone. Price is quite low compared with other nearby but what you get for the money is definitely worth it. Been here few times and always the same thing: very friendly and helpful staff, very clean rooms, quiet...",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or80-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",negative and positive aspects,"This hotel is in the average according to UK standard. We were four but the room was quite small and especially rellay noise (room 207 at ground floor) next to a engine power generation (I suppose) the first night a NIGHTMARE!!! (aso the window with single glass)....fortunately the recepectionist was really kind and from the second night provided me a second room (roomy and noiseless) GOOD.  Anyway, the bath was clean and in average the rooms are clean in comparison with other places.  The better thing is the near (really near) Tesco Express and the tube station is at 10 minute walking (for only one tube stop unfortunately this hotel in in Zone 3) if it was nea Willesden Junction Station would be better (the end of Zone 2). Breakfast no bad at all. and it's generous. Good.  AN…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or80-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",OK for one night only,"We booked this hotel for one night, having obtained last minute tickets for a concert and found many places were already booked up.  The price was too good to be true so we knew there would be a catch somewhere!  Good things about the hotel  is the parking is offroad and is free, it wasn't too far from the underground station, and breakfast was included. Staff were polite and helpful too. Bad things were; While we were waiting to be booked in I went through the (very shabby) bar area to use the toilets and found notices up about known drug abuse in the toilets and saying the council were threatening to close them down!  Very unsettling ....   The hotel is VERY run-down and in need of a total overhall; our room absolutely stank ( to the point it made myself and my husband retch).…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or80-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Unpleasant visit,"Booked this hotel with a friend to see a concert in Wembley stadium, it's close proximity to the stadium is pretty much the only positive thing about the hotel. The window was broken and wouldn't shut, there where stains all over the walls, my friend stood on a toe nail that was left on the floor, there was mold in the shower, we found a spare pillow in the wardrobe with a creature on it. A staff member said he would send someone the next day to fix the broken window, no one came and fixed it. Very noisy outside our room. Would not recommend it to anyone!",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or80-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",In desperate need of modernising and other stuff!!,"Stayed here for one night for the Cold Play concert. The staff were very welcoming and cheerful. The hotel is desperately tired and in need bringing up to date, inside and out. Ok! it was cheap considering the location and only a room for a night but everything was worn out. From the thread bare stair carpets to the wall paper. Went to the bar before setting off to the concert. Well, where do I start. The gentleman serving behind the bar was expressionless and miserable. (I am sure he is a nice fellow deep down). All of the bar stools were showing the foam bases through the torn/picked outer fabric. We all sat at a long table and soon found out how dirty and sticky the table top was. i put my elbow on the top and when I removed it there was an imprint of my jumper left in the…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or85-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Perfect for groups of bikers planning a night out at the Ace.,"Last year (sorry this is late, tardy reporting), a group of 12 ladies got together to take their motorbikes down to London for a meeting at the Ace Cafe. We booked this place months ahead as they had dorm rooms for only a tenner a person for a night, inc breakfast. It was just like the sort of place you may have gone to when you were on a school trip somewhere in the UK or abroad. Clean and basic. Very friendly staff, and the manager let us park our bikes in his locked compound at the rear of the hotel (beer garden area) so they were safe overnight. The beds were what you would expect from dorm bunks but the en-suite shower and bath room was very clean and the water warm and plentiful. Breakfast was huge! Proper full English buffet affair, along with pastries and cereals etc.…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or85-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",What a dump,"Where to start; When you pull up it looks like it needs pulling down. The staff however were friendly on arrival. Every single surface is disgusting and it smells. Our room was not cleaned, there were no toiletries, the mini bar is an empty fridge and there was no hair dryer. As for the bathroom well............... let's just say we decided not to shower and wait till we got home. The rooms stink so I decided to open the window and the smell from the bins outside were just as bad.  If your thinking of taking your Mrs away for a romantic weekend DON'T  If your thinking of going on a rugby tour and it doesn't matter if you wreck the place then it's PERFECT.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or85-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Stayed here for one night to see Coldplay perform live at Wembley Stadium. Very cheap compared to other places around Wembley. It was a 40 minute walk, which may be long for some but went fast when chatting to friends. Nearest tube station is just around the corner about a 10 minute walk.   The hotel staff are really friendly and helpful cant fault that. However the hotel needs refurbishing from top to bottom. The lounge and room it self smelt horrible. We had to walk out of our hotel room and walk to the other side of the building to use the toilet or shower which was inconvenient especially in the middle of the night. End of the day you get what you pay for, but in my opinion the hotel would be a beautiful place to stay if it was refurbished and brand new.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or85-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Never again,"We stayed here due to its close proximaty to Wembley stadium.  That is its only good point.  The whole hotel is rundown and dirty. Our room was filthy, the bath was cracked in several places. Carpet stained, the safe had some type of oil in the bottom. The tv remote was held together by sticky tape.  Every bar stool was ripped with the sponge exposed and the breakfast tables were so sticky my plate stuck to the table. Don't even think about staying here!!!!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or85-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent value for money ,"Visited bridge park hotel when we went to see Coldplay at Wembley , staff friendly , room much better than what I expected , comfy large bed , decoration a little dated but very clean , modern bathroom and good room amenities even ironing boards and straighteners , the breakfast was brilliant self serve buffet food hot fresh and good selection .  Free parking in London is rare and this was another great bonus ! The location was fantastic we easily walked to the stadium and for under £100 for the night so close to Wembley we will be using this hotel again ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or90-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Handy for Wembley,"I stayed here for two nights with my daughter. We were in a basement room with no window. Nice and quiet, the room has 2 extractor fans and a fan to keep the room cool.  The room had two single beds with clear white linen. Yes the room is small but it is clean.  The carpet at the stairs may be worn but the staff are friendly and the breakfast was fresh and tasty.  The price was excellent and I would return to the hotel.   If you want luxury then this isn't the hotel for you. If you want clean and convenient then it's a great price for London. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or90-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Depends what you're looking for ,"In general the staff were very helpful and friendly but the hotel itself is very tired and in dire need of refurbishment. Big plus points are free parking ,wifi and plentiful breakfast but the room was very damp and mouldy. the bathroom was awful,dirty and just knackered. Bathroom door was broken and the shower was literally a dribble that went from hot to cold constantly. The area is convenient for wembley and the tube station is a ten minute walk though at night the area is quite 'unsociable' shall we say! If you're looking for somewhere nice to stay I'm sorry to say this hotel is not for you but if you just need somewhere to get your head down then go for it as it's cheap but be Aware of the issues before you go . Also they will most likely make you pay for the full stay on…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or90-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Absolutely Shocking,Me and a friend stayed there after the England vs Portugal game and I wouldn't go back if I were paid! The front of the building was in horrific condition. I've seen 10 year run down houses look better. And I'm sure that'd be more enjoyable to stay a night in. The stale smell when entering the building was terrible. All the carpets are old and done.  Was in a double room and the toilet was on the other side of the floor. Lock not working in one of the toilets so you can't even shower/do the toilet in private in this hotel. Also random sink placed in the middle of our room with no purpose. Absolutely Shocking and would NEVER recommend this to anyone.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or90-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Watch your washing,"The staff were helpful and generally cheerful but this old girl has certainly seen better days. The whole place seems tired and in need of some cosmetic surgery from the threadbare carpets to the sticky dining tables and the broken oven in the shared kitchen. The room was OK considering it is a budget hotel and it is a ten minute walk from the tube then about twenty minutes into London Central, an Oyster card is essential. Beware of their washing service, reasonably priced but my whole travelling wardrobe is now grey covered in black fluff, luckily I do not travel in my haute couture so it was funny rather than a disaster. Breakfast is plentiful and there is reasonable choice. This seems to be the pub of choice for travelling workers but they bought an air of cheerfulness to the…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or90-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting dirty hotel from HELL!!!  should be shut down booking.com should be ashamed to have them on their books!!!!,"Everything, it was dirty smelly stale smoke in room’s sticky carpets filthy just filthy it was a local place that the council put the homeless I think looking at some of the characters walking around, I didn’t feel safe, booking . com should be ashamed of themselves sending anyone here!!! We don’t know London at all am my husband was being honoured by the Queen at the veterans garden party. We booked on good faith as we know that usually booking .com vet their hotels. Well I wouldn’t put my dog in here never mind my husband and myself. And they took money from my credit card for the second night, as if we were going to stay there two nights!!!! My husband was injured fighting for his country and this is what he gets from a reputable company, I am taking this further you can take…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or95-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",avoid this dump,best sleeping on the street the place stinks the staff rude the over charge you when u leave >>>   best booking one many other good hotels best thing for this is bull dose it and make more car parking.....,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or95-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You get what you pay for no complaints from me?,I came for the football with 2 other people and we stayed in a single room with our own bathroom. This cost about £35 each and I have no complaints about the experience at all. Yes everything could do with an update but what more do you want for a place to freshen up after a trip to Wembley and to get your head down after a night in London. Room came with a fridge and safe. Our other friend stayed in the dorm with 12 other people and said that try to avoid the bed near the toilet as he was kept awake most of the night by people turning on the night. I had a fantastic sleep myself.   Trip takes about 25 mins by taxi and I strongly suggest using Uber. Cost me about £18. Wembley stadium is a good 25 minute walk straight down the road.    The breakfast in the morning was fantastic.…,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or95-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",What you expect,Stayed her for the FA Cup semi with everton not the greatest but there were 4 of us and only cost 30 each did not dare eat here! But had a great laugh. Room was very basic but I have slept in worse would stay here again if everton ever make it back to Wembley,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or95-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Guest,"It was the worst possible! Dirty, dark, windows firewall looked at and below the generator roared all night! Not really hospitable! Both nights we could not sleep anything. TV was bad. The neighborhood is the worst possible! The Breakfast was delicious.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or95-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Wide Berth,A night in the Bridge Park Hotel was one too many! I've never wanted the next morning to come quick enough! First impressions driving into the car park we were greeted by a 8ft high pile of old chairs and pallets left behind the rear exit to decompose! Perfect breeding conditions for rodents and some locals! Room very basic with mould clearly visible throughout the bathroom! Water didn't drain away in the shower and became a bath of dirty water.  Windows were painted shut with no air getting into the room and the heating on full blast in the hall! Went for a pint which was challenging as I had to wrestle with it as it became stuck to the dirty sticky table! Facilities very run down! I gave Breakfast a miss as the smell of the dining room and dirty tables put me off! The staff…,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or100-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Very poor conditions,"Stayed the night after England game. Room very poor. Windows didn't open,shower wouldn't drain,decor poor bed not the best. You could stick your plate to very sticky tables as if not clean. Hotel needs a MASSIVE upgrade would not recommend to a friend!",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or100-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",My room was literally rocking from a couple next door having so much fun!,"Firstly greeted with a stale smokey enterance  which is carried on through the whole establishment! The alarm went off through the middle of the night so that was the first night disturbed, that's if you can actually sleep on a mattress that is that worn you can actually feel the springs digging into your body! These mattress surely have been going since the day it must of opened the doors and the pillows are literally are as thin as the cases they have been put in so if you like plump cushions your not going to be impressed there terrible! The carpets are stained throughout the hotel as well as being thread bare and this trend carries on through to the bedrooms God knows what the stains are! Another night I was kept awake from a couple who were having a whale of time how do I…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or100-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",One Night  Only and One Night Too Many!!!!,I cannot stress how poor this hotel is.  We had booked for one night as we were going to a concert at nearby Wembley.  NOT AT ALL as the website portrays the hotel to be.  The first thing I noticed was the awful smell throughout. Hotel smelt of strong cleaning fluids and stale carpets.  VERY tired and worn with threadbare carpets in the stairwells.  As it was one night and had been paid for at booking we decided to stay anyway BIG MISTAKE! Went into the bar area only to find the tables sticky like a bad Weatherspoons and most of the foam was missing from the torn bar stools!  And again the terrible smell hence we had one drink and made a move!! The bedroom was at best ok but again with the horrid smell like bad cleaning products.  The bathroom had dirty taps and the paint was…,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or100-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Decent enough hotel,"The hotel is decent enough- the beds are comfortable, there's free wifi and the staff are friendly.   The check out in the morning is at 11am.  The breakfast buffet closes at 11am so if you want to get the best out of it, go a lot earlier. We went down about half 10 and the selection left over was pretty poor.  It's advertised as close to Wembley but keep in mind that 2 miles is not a good walk with luggage. It's about ten pounds from Wembley in the taxi and there's a bus that goes from near Wembley to near the hotel. If you're looking for hotels closer to Wembley, there is an Ibis a lot closer.  Price for the room was reasonable enough.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or100-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Fab customer service and food,"Ok so it's a bit tired, lacks a female touch and could do with more than a lick of paint. BUT Please remember the price the hotel is charging. The staff are excellent and the food is first rate for the price. You will not find anything in this price range within greater London to rival this hotel. I am an ex travel agent and always get the bargains and I can guarantee this is value for money for its location. I would used this as my London bolt hole on all my capital trips now with no qualms! Bring your slippers!  ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or105-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Choose somewhere different,"Me and my girlfriend stayed here for a night because of the location close to Wembley, as there was a gig on which we came to see.  The area itself is okay, the tube station is about a 15 minute walk away, but we had to get a taxi to Wembley as it said it was a 40 minute walk. The taxi only cost £10 so wasn't too bad.  As we got in the hotel the staff at reception was friendly and helped us, but as we got to the room (which was in the basement) there was a awful smell of smoke, which come apparent when around the corner was a guy smoking inside and quickly ran out when he seen us through some doors (which i can't understand why he was smoking outside anyway). We got into the room, and the smell seemed to have got worse. The facilities were okay, the decor was outdated and cheap.…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or105-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Clean room.. but thats it,"Stayed for 1 night for work purposes. Single room with shared bathroom, the shared bathroom was dingy and grim but the water was hot.  The room itself was clean with comfortable bed , however the windows must be single glazed as the noise inside the room was no quieter than if I was standing outside!  Couple that with the drunken guests trying 3x to get into my room because they were that drunk they didn't know what room was there's!   I did have breakfast booked but after one of the worst nights I left as early as I could and didn't bother with breakfast.  The 2 points that are good for this place is that there is Wi-Fi and parking, but for the price of the rooms it is not worth it.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or105-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",A friendly budget hotel,"An old fashioned Victorian hotel which is clean and reasonably comfortable. The staff are kind and helpful the included breakfast was hot and apart from having smoking rooms along the same corridor, which the children and I took a deep breath before running past to avoid the smell all was fine. (Strange how much smoke affects us now we're not used to it!)",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or105-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great value.,"If you are expecting a Rolls Royce for the price of a Morris Minor then this hotel is not for you. If however, Like us you are looking for a great value hotel when attending an event at Wembley then this fits the bill. We paid £70 a night B&B in a twin room. Basic, clean and comfortable   We ate in the adjoining pub, again great value basic food. No complaints, Shepherds Pie, Chips ,salad and a glass of wine for less than 6 quid and reasonable bar prices. We found the staff pleasant and helpful. Breakfast plentiful,well cooked and serve yourself, think my son ate his own bodyweight to keep him going all day. Excellent value and I wouldn't hesitate to use again.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or105-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",manuel and his pet rat,"The room was dusty, the window wouldn't stay open so we had to use the bin to prop it open. The tables in the eating area were slip proof. To knock a glass off the table the table would have to be elevated to 45 degrees. On night one I discovered the shower was scolding or off. I reported it and i actually wondered if I was making it up! When the staff finally checked and believed me the shower area was locked and placed out of order. The following evening the shower had been repaired.  I was looking forward to trying it but had to queue behind a rat. Yes you read that correctly, a rat. I popped down to ask the manager if he had pets. He doesn't. I pointed out that there was a rat in the shower and I wasn't sure it had actually paid for a room. The manager sent a minion to…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or110-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","It's safe, it's clean and comfortable and the owners try hard. But there are a few negatives.","This is an old rambling B and B with wide corridors . It is attached  to a pub beside a busy road and it's a ten minute walk from the nearest rail or tube station. The owners have made an effort by upgrading the rooms and bathrooms and providing complimentary shampoo. The rooms have quite a bit of space, including a decent length desk for working , the beds are comfortable and the free wifi is very good. The downside is that the soundproofing is not great, you can sometimes hear people in the next door room and, as others have noted, when toilets flush or showers are run you can hear  water flowing through the pipes. The Restaurant adjoins the (rather rough) pub, food is OK but I still can't understand why I was given sauce tartare for a dip when the menu said it would be sour…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or110-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not as bad as it sounds!!,"This had terrible reviews and I really dreaded my visit, however upon arrival there was adequate parking (I was there for the England game at Wembley) & the receptionist was a really helpful chap who got a porter to show us to our room. The overall decor is quite old but who cares?! Our room was below ground with no window but we didn't mind we weren't there to sit in the room all night!! The bathroom smelt of fags and as non smokers this was a bit unpleasant. The bed and towels were all really clean and the TV and fan worked great. It's walking distance to Wembley, about half an hour just one straight road, and breakfast was an excellent selection. I would stay here again as its good value for Wembley location.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or110-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Possibly the worst 'hotel' I have ever stayed in ... and I've stayed in a few!,"Had a choice of £45 with a shared bathroom or £65 B&B, so paid £65 for just me for 1 night. Booked hastily as a sudden business trip meant I needed to stay in Harlesden on Friday 21st August so didn't do my usual research using Tripadvisor .. .. and boy do I wish I had done!  Staff - Front of house friendly. Bar - I asked if I could put drinks and food on my bill, and barman looked at me like I was speaking Swahili. Ok, so can I just have a tab open as I plan to stay here all evening and have a meal ... nope, he didn't understand that either. So I paid for my second drink (which was 25p more expensive than the first one ... when I questioned him about this he just shrugged his shoulders and said after 5 sir, after 5), then called a cab and ate at a local Beefeater, leaving the…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or110-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid !! Would not stay again,"Overnight Stay, dated decor,  Staff lack in knowledge of English !!!  and their knowledge of the area around is not sufficient, every time when we asked a question,took a long time to search for the information. which I  thought not to be bothered again. Room smelled of smoke although it said non smoking. It is what you get for what you pay for. Breakfast in the morning was good. metro station is 10-15 mins walking distance which was handy to get into London.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or110-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Average Hotel But Pleasant Stay,"Only Stayed a Night & I Had a Very Nice Stay With a Couple Of Friends, Its an Average/Cheap Hotel But My Stay Was Pleasant. The Hotel Was Very Quiet And We Were Probably Making The Most Noise (Not That We Were Being 2 Noisy) There Was a Fridge In The Room, & We Could Smoke Near The Window So Even Better We Didnt Have 2 Walk Outside For a Smoke",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or115-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Adjacent room almost as loud as the AC/DC gig!,"Booked for one night for the AC/DC gig at Wembley. The Hotel certainly needs a revamp, very tired decor, but we're only here for somewhere to sleep and the room was very clean and comfortable, WIFI signal a bit hit and miss.  Overnight sleep was very good, we were awake at 8am and so were the guests(?) next door who seemed to be doing some DIY, and then the builders over the road joined in, all pre-9am!  Free breakfast, buffet style, food was fine but the staff were slow on replenishing the dishes. Nearest tube is a 10 minute walk to Harlesden, direct link to Paddington which was well handy, and also one stop to Wembley Central.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or115-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great Location! Friendly service.,"We booked this hotel because it was cheap and had free parking, but most off all was close to Wembley stadium!!  So we very surprised with the hotel! We had a nice welcome, the staff our friendly, the room was dated but clean and very comfortable. breakfast was buffet style, was average quality, but plentiful.. they organised a taxi to take us to Wembley which cost us only £8. are overall experience of the hotel was really good, and I will definitely be going back!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or115-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Terrible breakfast, room oke, service average","Booked a room near Willesden, were my friend lives. It walkable and they're a busstop for the hotel. The hotel looks good from the outside, the  checking in was good, very friendly. The room was downstairs and really hot, the heaters were on and even with the window open en the heaters off, it was still hot. Not cool. When we were showering the neighbours knocked on the wall the entire time. And we got a call from the front desk. The neighbours were complaining about the fan. But the fan is turned on when you turn the light on..I told the front desk that we are showering,  but he kept telling me that the neighbours were complaining.   Breakfast was the WORST BREAKFAST I'VE EVER SEEN! Most of the trays were empty at 9.30am and the room looks old and dirty. The bread was old, the…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or115-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Nice hotel with free car park and wifi ,"Last minute booking for three nights to visit my boyfriend who is working in London. Found the hotel easily, it's only a 5 minute walk from Harlesden underground. They have a car park, which is what I was looking for specifically, which is free. Free WiFi in the rooms. Slightly dated bar/restaurant area but drinks and food are reasonably priced. The rooms are nice, decent size. The breakfast was a buffet. Not the best quality food but decent enough for a substantial breakfast. Would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or115-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",reasonably priced & professional,"I stayed here for 4 nights with a colleague while exhibiting at Olympia. It's my fault (not being that familiar with London) but it was a bit more difficult to get to Olympia than I had anticipated. It takes 30 minutes with a combination of short walk, tube & overground, or it takes 60 minutes with 2 buses.   The hotel has free parking, friendly helpful staff & a pub on the ground floor. We stayed in a twin ensuite room which was spotlessly clean with a recently refurbished bathroom, nice furniture & comfy beds.   The breakfast has lots of choice & the chef is always popping out the kitchen with fresh things throughout service.   The location isn't great for local amenities (we struggled to find somewhere to sit down and eat) but the pub itself serves food throughout the day. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or120-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",cheap,"Stayed a few times over the years, last time it was 1 month ago. It didn't change a bit from the last time, it needs a refurbishment for sure, carpets are very old, it is smelling like a old building everywhere, but, if you need just a place to sleep for a night or 2, it is hard to get a cheaper deal. i payed 40 pounds for a night, single room with shared bathroom, from travelstay.com.It is about 15 min walk from the Bakerloo line, 20 min to the city center with the tube. The area i think it is safe enough to walk from there even at 11 p.m. I will stay again maybe, because is cheap for London, has a big car park, free of charge, not to far from city center ( between zone 2 and 3), but for some people probably it will be to much, they really need to change some things inside the…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or120-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Never Again,"Stayed overnight after a concert at Wembley. On arrival at about 1.30am we were met by the receptionist. We booked in and were shown to the room (401) At the top of the first flight of stairs the carpet was frayed, to my mind it was a health and safety risk. Onwards and upwards we went. The paintwork seemed good but whoever did the painting managed to paint the carpet. Our bedroom was at the top of the hotel. Beware there are no lifts. The man opened the door for us and at first sight appeared o.k. When looking down at the carpet it was littered with stains, of what I don't know. It did not look pleasant at all. At this point I began wishing I had taken sandals with me to walk on the carpet but there was no way I was going barefoot!  There were spare pillows in the wardrobe but…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or120-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful,"We were there for a few days as I had an engagement in London, so we were looking for something cheap. Cheap is cheap... but I don't think it is a very pleasant place... our room was a double with shared bathroom, and we had breakfast included. The room was normal but there was a very strange smell and some mold on the walls... the bathroom didn't seem very tidy. The staff was so so, they always seemed really annoyed. The breakfast instead was the only good thing of our experience. But one thing was decisive in our review: we asked if they can keep our luggage for a few hours (as we checked out in the morning but our bus was late at night), they put them in a small storage room without asking anything.  After few hours we received a message from another person who was at the…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or120-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Budget hotel....excellent service !!!,"I stayed here last night with friends and we vacated this morning extremely happy with the hotel, facilities and the hospitality that we all received. The decor is dated and but don't be put off by this as the attentive staff make up for this. They serve good till 10pm which was all very reasonably price (average price £6.45 meal) and also provided room service.Breakfast was impressive with a selection of fruit, cereals, English breakfast, pastries, fruit juice, tea and coffee. Two of our group are veggies and the chef seperatly prepared veggie breakfasts for them (advise when booking) My group and I would happily come back to this hotel again.   ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or120-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Awful - don't stay,"Arrived here this afternoon around 1.30pm, as we were going to wembley to watch the match later on. As soon as we walked to the door we knew it was going to be awful, we went to reception and the lady wasn't exactly polite. She then said your rooms down in the basement, we thought great! We went to our room and it was really down in the basement! It smelt, there's damp on the wall, it's cold, not clean at all, just horrible. We were debating whether to find a different hotel but couldn't find any. Definitely won't be stopping here again, and for what we paid, it's not worth it at all!  ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or125-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Great location, decent price, bit shabby, budget winner","You get what you pay for I guess. The location is great, within walking distance of two tubes and about 2 miles from Wembley Arena. Parking is free onsite and there are bar meals served all day with room service a reasonable rate too. The room was clean and the bed very cosy. Plenty of room, tea and coffee and warmth. Fine for an overnighter. Breakfast is self service with a selection of full English, toast, fruit, tea/coffee, juice and cereal. Value is good all round. The place is shabby and the carpets are threadbare but for the price and short stay we didn't grumble. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or125-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cute wonderful surprise,"This hotel was definitely an astonishing surprise.  Very clean (believe me, I work in the hotel industry as well and I have very high standard of cleaning), quite (despite it is on the street), the room was well refurbished and the bed. OHMYGOD. The bed was amazing. So comfortable! We have slept so well that we were wondering where did the hotel buy the mattress! The price was a bargain, and the quality very high, honestly. It is just 5 minutes walking from Stonebridge Park Station (Tube - Bakerloo and Overground) and in front of the hotel there is the bus stop of the number 18 that goes straight to the city centre (about 30-40 minutes). The breakfast was nice, nothing special but we ate quite good. The staff was polite and the checkin and checkout smooth and fast. Really, I…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or125-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","excellent location,friendly service, poor hotel","We went for an event in wembley.  Arrived at the hotel earlier than we expected and the checkin time. After a long journey everyone was tired. Receptionist was kind and considerate to check us in early as she could. Also allocated us in next to each other rooms which was underground but at that time we had to accept it.she was very helpful with the directions on where to go & helped us book a taxi to wembley which was only £10. (Ask the hotel to book taxis , its very cheap to book with them).  The rooms were a bit outdated, there was a water leak in our room, which had damp walls and marks on the ceiling. Made me worried as it was near the electric plug sockets. However as it was just an overnight stay we managed to stay with a bit of breathing difficulty due to the horrible…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or125-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"stayed 2 nights at the Bridge park hotel for a NFL game at wembley,very close to Harlesdon station,10 minute walk,was a bit wary of the area,well if you will google stonebridge park,you might get scared,dont be! its in a quiet area next to a tesco express,and chicken/pizza shop across the street,as well as a bus stop,to go to wembley,or euston,i paid £51 a night,which for London prices is a steal,stayed in a single with shared bathroom (next door) very clean bathroom,and 2 to each floor,my room was basic,sink, tv,fridge! nice touch! loots of space for luggage,nice writing desk,pub downstairs was good for a saturday night,locals friendly,real Londoners,£3.60 a pint of lager,nay bad for a tight fisted northerner,breakfast was buffet style,and served 7-10 (11) on a sunday,and it…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or125-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good location. Poor hotel,"We stayed here as we went to watch NFL at Wembley stadium. The hotel is only a mile or so from the stadium, so was perfect for this.  However, I emailed the hotel a week before and asked if we could check in early. Only at 12 instead of the 2 o'clock check in they state. No one got back to me, so we arrived at 12 in the hope we could check in. Upon asking the lady said she wasn't sure. She asked my name and checked my booking. She then said, no you can check in at two. She didn't state whether this was because it was occupied or if it was being cleaned etc. Her manner was a bit short.  So we decided to put the bags back in the car and have a drink in the bar. The bar was ok and the beer was fine. It's a bit run down and there are some questionable patrons. But you get this in…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or130-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Outdated, like a bail hostel","The location itself is reasonable however the hotel itself from entering reception is dull and in need of a real facelift.  The reception staff were completely unhelpful.  On finally getting into a room (403) which was on the top floor passing threadbare carpeted hallways, opening the door and squeezing into the room due to a table having been placed behind the door to find a dirty bathroom was non too pleasing.  The bar at the location was ok but again outdated.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or130-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Pleasant place to stay for a night or two!,"We chose to stay at this hotel as it was very local to the event we were attending.   I was pleasantly surprised to find that the rooms very nice indeed! We had a private bathroom and it was just lovely. Being a smoker, I was really bowled over by the smoking terrace, which meant that I didn't have to go all the way outside the hotel whenever I felt like one. The breakfast buffet was also good value.   Cosy little place, enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or130-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",not so long from London centre,"I have stayed at Bridge Park Hotel for 2 nights and I´m glad that I booked this facility. But it´s just for 2-3 nights. Rooms are small and you can share bathroom and WC with other guests (not all of them know what hygiene means unfortunatelly). Breakfest was good - traditionally British. Staff - great and helpful.  Surroundings are great, you can go to Tesco just one minute from hotel. Harlesden Tube Station is in 10-minute walking distance.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or130-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",basic but ticked all the boxes,"we were over in london working ,stayed in the bridge park hotel .                                                          the rooms are basic ,clean ,and warm , breakfast was ok ,buffet type now .we dined several nights in the bar ,indian cusine ,very nice , place was full of locals , plenty of oul craic with them . car parking was free , a big plus in london . in all fairness , if i was staying in london for pleasure , i would upgrade to a better hotel , but for the budget price , and central location , this place is a must !",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or130-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Budget heaven!,"Stayed here 1 night when sightseeing in London for 2 days. £90 for family of 4 and great value including nice buffet breakfast for all of us. Shower was great, tea/coffee making in room, large TV in room. Was a hot night and when asked for a fan, duly obliged, 7/10 ",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or135-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",What we wanted,"We stayed at the Bridge Park Hotel for one night. We booked this hotel through Expedia many months ago as we wanted a base close to Wembley stadium. It is within easy walking distance of Harlesden tube station. On arrival, the venue looks tired but the receptionist was friendly and helpful. Our room was fine - clean and presentable. Beds comfortable with tea/coffee making facilities. The TV needs retuning as channels missing. Shower not great, lacked pressure and difficult to get a constant hot temperature. Buffet breakfast tasty with a good selection. Overall this hotel was an ideal stay for what we wanted. We were able to walk (30 mins) to Wembley stadium.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or135-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Amazing Hotel, Faultless in my opinion!","Me and my friend recently travelled to London for an event and we stayed at this hotel for the night. The hotel is clean and tidy and has a nice rustic feel in my opinion, but feel they are in the process of modernising the layout. The bar area is cool, proper pub bar with locals drinking and telling stories, nice to meet the regulars. Lol.  The rooms were quite basic, but contained all you would really need for a short stay, Sink and washing facilities in the room, TV with selection of channels, Fridge in the room too for any refreshments. Only down side is the shared shower rooms/bathroom. But still was always seemingly very clean and constantly monitored, which was good, there were cleaning records and records of when they were checked for cleanliness and amenities.  Staff…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or135-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Meh,"Me, my aunt and uncle also my dad went to wembley stadium to see sheffield united play hull city for the semi final this hotel was cheap and we only stayed for one night. The rooms wernt that bad a bit of dust the phones played a really loud crumbling noise if you pick them up, the shower was attached to the bath and quiet hard to work. The noise of music and the bar was loud lasting untill about 3 pm, also while we was there an ambulance was called as someone got knocked out in the toilets!! I wouldent reccomend this hotel to anyone looking for a family break its mostly just for stopping by for a couple of nights.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or135-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Surprisingly good, get what u pay for","Was pretty surprised when I arrived at the hotel. Stayed here for the one direction concert. Staff are very friendly and welcoming. When arrived in the room it was a little bit dated, but overall beds we're clean and comfy and the bathroom was too. Plenty of tea and coffee in the room great for he morning. We had breakfast included and that was great there was a wide variety to choose from, tasted great. Would stay there again if I visited wembley again.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or135-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",changes needed!,"We have just got back from staying here. First impression was it seems alright for the price!. I booked this hotel as it was cheap and near to Wembley Stadium as we we're seeing One Direction!!!.. Anyway, I booked online and it DID state the room I had booked was a 12 bed doom. I was shocked to find when i arrived it was a mixed sex doom. I stayed with my daughter, her friend and my niece all teens. The room was full and it was all men. To be fair can't say we slept, we were scared! and they all snored loudly!! (not funny). En-suite bathroom.... three toilets off the room, three shower rooms two of which weren't big enough to swing a cat in and if someone turn the tap on in the other shower the water ran boiling hot!. Breakfast was nice, Full English, Cereals, Breads, Juices,…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or140-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Stop moaning everyone!!,"This hotel is cheap for London. The rooms are clean and comfortable (apart from the stray pube on the back of the toilet rim - but nothing is perfect!!). The breakfast is great with a good choice - it's a buffet style help yourself with full english available - AS MUCH AS YOU CAN EAT!!  What more can you ask for - considering it's a budget price - and trust me, working away a lot i've stopped in some real sh1t holes - this NOT being one of them.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or140-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Noisy,We stayed here for the night as we were going to disney on ice at Wembley arena. Upon arrival we asked for quiet room and were given a room to the rear. All was well until the music from the bar started and carried on until midnight with people outside our window Shouting and swearing loudly!! Not ideal with a 7year old trying to sleep. I would say avoid this hotel if your with children or if you want to relax. More suitable for footie fans etc. Breakfast was mediocre. ,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or140-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Wembley trip.,"Stayed at The Bridge Park hotel to watch England vs Denmark, very well located for Wembley. The staff were friendly and efficient, bar prices very reasonable, the room was comfortable and well equipped. Breakfast was more than adequate, plenty of hot food and cereals etc.  Read a few negative reviews before our stay, so didn't know what to expect. But was pleasantly surprised. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the hotel and next time I go to Wembley I will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or140-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"My room was clean and warm, but a bit noisy at the front of the hotel by the road. The area was a bit intimidating for me so I chose to stay in for a bar meal. This was ok, but I was soon aware that I was the only female staying there. The staff were kind and helpful. Generally, the hotel was tired and could do with sprucing up.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or140-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good value but basic,"Nice clean hotel but quite dated and basic. Friendly staff and a nice hot buffet breakfast in the morning. Have stayed here several times as its quite good value but some rooms are now in need of modernisation. Handy for Wenbley Stadium with a direct bus stop just outside...(costs a couple of quid that's all). Hotel bar is quite basic and each visit I've had they seem to be out of stock of any good whiskys or bourbons. But, overall its good value for you pay and I'll keep using it.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or145-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Left new phpne charger in room, disappeared.","I called the same evening I checked out of the hotel to make reception aware I had left a new iPhone 5 charger plugged into the wall in room 102 I stayed in, hoping that house keeper would report this to reception/lost property and I could get this back - reception assured me they would be given this if it's left in room and I would then be able to get it back. I phoned the next day, to check they had received it, but apparently house keeping hadn't handed anything into reception or lost property - as if by magic there was no brand new iphone 5 charger plugged into the wall - apparently. I can understand my bad for leaving the charger, however a bit of common courtesy of returning an item left in a room by the customer to reception for me then to collect would have been nice.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or145-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",would not recommend,"On Trip Advisor this Hotel felt like it was a good choice to stay however the overall Hygiene was poor it need of a deep clean.  The standard room was very basic and not as clean we would expect, during the night the room was very cold with no central heating on this was mid September. The room did not have double glazing and the traffic noise was very high as being on main road.  The stairs and corridors carpets were very worn and in need of a good clean/replacement. The Buffet Style breakfast was very basic and looked like it had been there for a while due to this we only eat breakfast once out of our 3 night stay. The breakfast area had poor cleanliness. with dead spiders in the dust! Where we where sitting. The toilets in the Bar area were disgusting.  On the positive the…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or145-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good value for money,We picked this place because of the price as only wanted the room for a driving break during the day. The room was above expectation and had all things we needed including wifi. For evening meal we went to the hotels bar where again we were served food and drink at cheap prices but great taste! The hitel is just a short walk away from Wembley stadiun/arena but out of the way of trouble. Would recommend.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or145-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good Customer service in hotel,"Check in was easy and receptionist always had a smile, polite, gave us a choice of two rooms !! all the details about the hotel was well explained during check in. friendly and helpfull staff.  Rooms are very basic, will do for a night, carpets and Tv was a bit old. Breakfast is buffet which is a perfect early morning. Bar staff was ok.  Overall it is what you pay for !!!!!",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or145-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",friendly place to stay,"Me and my family came here to stay in London,the staff at this hotel are friendly and helpful and if you want to find somewhere in London the staff will get it on computer screen and tell you the nearest tube station.The breakfast was good you help yourself,to the cooked breakfast or cereal and drinks as well.The only snag about this hotel is the area which looks abit rough,also it takes 30-40 mins on the tube to get to the centre of London,also the rooms are warm and its hard to sleep even with the windows open in the summertime.But at least the rooms are cleaned everyday and you get clean towels as well.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or150-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",It's a bed!!!!,"Avoid this 'hotel'. It cannot be described as a hotel; it is a pub with rooms!  A pub that attracts some interesting clientele, probably attracted by the cheap beer prices.  We arrived at nine in the morning as we had an appointment in London and were allowed to leave the car in the free car park, which was good.  I asked to use the toilet at 'reception' and was directed through the pub which was already serving alcohol to the kind of people you would not want to get into a conversation with.  The signs on the toilet door said it all ' no drugs'!  When we booked in we thought we would grab a quick drink, however the beer garden was a no go area.  Full of young men hanging around, some on BMX bikes.  The room was VERY basic.  You eat your breakfast in the bar area, on a table…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or150-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in- Zero stars,"Old, tired, smelly, rooms very basic. Booked as close to Wembley for a concert, relative to other hotels the price was cheap but not considered to be good value. Food very average at best. Rooms claustophobic, area is not great so not happy to have windows open at night and therefore uncomfortable nights sleep. Parking was easy and free with CCTV as a positive -  but we really had to think hard to find any positives.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or150-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Simple hotel, not for business stay","This was one of the few available hotels in London for our stay, due to late booking. It's a 10-15minute walk from Harlesden underground station in a suburban environment. The hotel has simple rooms (yes everything is there, but not of quality). My room was above the entrance, so I had some nuicance of noise or talking/traffic. My colleague had a room in the basement, which was silent. Breakfast was very simple as well. For the amount of money, I've stayed in better rooms in London.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or150-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",clean tidy and ideal for just an overnight stay! cheap and nice food!,stayed overnight in a single room which was clean tidy and had tv wifi kettle fridge etc. ate there in evening and enjoyed both the taste and price! walkable distance from arena/stadium ideal for people visiting for day or weekend on budget. all staff pleasant!,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or150-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",cheap hotel with basic facilities,"Since London is very expensive city, and we couldnt found anyhting better, this hotel with buffet breakfast and room with private bathroom looks ok. Nothing in hotel deserves additional point out,however its good value for money.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or155-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Wembley Overnight stay,"Comfortable, clean and warm which was most welcome on a cold night in February.  Good location for steady walk to Wembley Stadium, while car safe in car park off the road.  Excellent breakfast which set us up for a hard days sightseeing in London.  Very attentive staff and good service.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or155-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Comfortable stay, low price.","We stayed here for 1 night. Hotel is situated 10 min. walk from Harlesden underground station. Room was hidden in the maze of corridors but it was clean and well equipped. Staff was very kind and helpful, breakfast delicious (typical English - sausages, bacon, eggs, been, fish and chips etc.), free wi-fi. Few steps from the hotel is Tesco Express. Highly recommend.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or155-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Really comfortable stay,"We stayed here for 2 nights for new year. Our room was clean, comfortable and the hotel in general is pleasant. The staff are really friendly and accomadating, breakfast-very good. The area is dodgy so be alert and stick to the main stretch when walking for tube and buses. Local station Harlsden, 10mins walk to tube.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or155-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good hotel Fair Price Great Location,Stayed here fore 3 days.Goods things where. - Friendly and helpfull staff - Good variation in breakfast - Great location 5 mins from Wembley station by car - Free parking - Fairly quiet eventhough situated near busy highway - Fair price,Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or155-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Bad area,"We arrived early but no problem checking in. car park has CCTV, rooms were clean and comfortable but my friends did not like the noise the fridge made in the room as it disturbed their sleep, did not bother me. Breakfast was good with lots of choice. We wanted to go to Oxford street to shop but got lost looking for the local tube station asked a lady for directions who advised us not to venture out in the neighbourhood in the night. This alarmed us a lot. We found the tube station which was quite a walk from the hotel, when it was time to return we decided to get a taxi as we did not want to walk from tube station back to the hotel in the dark, this cost £30. The next day we visited Camden market and did the open top bus tour to see the sights then more shopping we stayed later…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or160-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",bad food ....,"Hi there ….. This hotel is Ai, Nice hotel but the hotel chef  very  useless person, coz 2months back we friends 3 ordered rump steak we ordered medium rare, but we got 3 times well done steak like burnt charcoal… sorry to say I can’t recommend any one to use this cuisine to have food. At the same time thx to Mr. Candy (bar manager) to refund our full money and issuing me free foods. friedns do not order any food if love your self !",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or160-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",No returning to this one,"I stayed in this hotel for one night as it was next door to where I needed to be for business the next day. Reception staff are 'off hand' efficient, ok but not exactly welcoming.  I was given a lower ground floor room which was like a sauna.  It was so hot II started to get a headache.  There was a window that I had open but it could be accessed from the car park and was so large it could easily be climbed through so I couldn't leave it open over night. To try  and sleep I soaked one of the towels and laid it over me, it might have worked but another room had the TV so loud that kept me awake as much as the heat!  Positives? Well, to be honest, first and foremost for me is being able to sleep, if I can do that most others things can be ignored if a hotel is not great, but as I…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or160-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Nice Hotel,"The room I had was small but it was very well laid out there was a safe and a fridge !!! but I wasn't there long enough to use them I only stayed one night but the breakfast was hot and plentiful !! beware though as it is next to a busy road you will get noise but as it is London that is understandable  and it was so close to Wembley , and Fountain Studios (I went to see X Factor !! on Saturday 27th October)",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or160-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",It'll do for a night.,"I was quite impressed with the hotel when I first saw it. You can see that there has been a lot of work gone in to the general decoration and upkeep of the building. The check in was easy and the receptionist took me to my room. Usually in other hotels, you are given the key and pointed in the general direction of your room. I was a bit surprised to find that we were going downstairs, rather than up. In the corridor, it was very hot...too hot. It must have been about 28 degrees! In my room it was the same standard as the reception. You can see that there has been recent work carried out. It looked as if all the bathroom fittings were brand new. I realised that my kettle was not working, so I reported it to reception. It took them just over an hour to find a replacement. The free…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or160-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",ok,"Having read some reviews of this place after I had booked, I was a little worried about it, but, we found it an ok place to stay, we didn't here any of the noise that some have experienced. The room was ok and the breakfast very good.Our only complaint was that when we arrived back at the hotel from the England san marino game, we went to the bar, where they advertised cocktails behind the bar. Having asked for one for my partner, the landlord simply couldn't be bothered to it, explaining that no one had wanted one that night so it weren't worth doing it, very poor in my book.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or165-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Noisy,"Handy place to stay if you are going to an event at Wembley. Helpful, friendly staff.  Bedroom smelt of damp and as we were in the basement at the back of the building, we were disturbed by lots of noise from karaoke and people smoking and shouting all night in the pub garden - sleep quality NOT good. We asked for extra pillows - we didn't get any or an apology for not getting any. Didn't enjoy breakfast -probably wasn't helped by the fact that foreign students had taken everything available to make sandwiches to take away as well as eating breakfast. Not enough tables and chairs for the number of people staying.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or165-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",ideal for a place to sleep...,"Stayed here last night as we were at wembley watching the rugby. Staff on arrival were very friendly, showed us to our room which was small but clean and tidy. We were out most of the day and night but beds very comfy and breakfast was nice. Surprisingly quiet consdering its on a main road.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or165-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good with some average,"Stopped for 1 night for the football at Wembley. Firstly I wasn't happy as booking.con said money would be taken on arrival but left account before. Also said double online but was a twin!  On arrival the guy on reciption was very friendly and showed us to our room. Room was quite small but very clean, the fridge didn't work though was very hot and made that much noise we turned it off! Beds were comfy, we had a shared bathroom but it was opposite our room and very very clean!  There was a lot of noise from the road outside, so it took a while to get to sleep! Then at 7.50 in the morning they were rolling beer barrels into the celler! Which went on for 15 mins and was very noisy!!! Breakfast was basic but very nice, started at 7 we went at 9.40 so some a little dry! Staff didn't…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or165-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Basic, friendly, would stay here again","We stayed here to visit the Ace Cafe, which is very close by.  The staff were extremely helpful, couldn't do enough for us.  The breakfast was good in a friendly and relaxed atmosphere. The rooms were basic, but we weren't looking for fancy. We'd definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or165-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",GOOD VALUE BASIC HOTEL,"The hotel has been converted from a very large London Pub, and retains a bar area serving drinks and basic pub food. The hotel has 42 rooms and I had two rooms which were immaculately clean and contained all the required items such as TV, tea and coffee facilities etc.. Hair dryer from reception. Some rooms are en-suite - the choice is yours, ours were en-suite and clean and tidy with bath and good shower, toiletries provided. My view is that you get what you pay for and i was happy with the price as included excellent breakfast, the sort you would get in a bus station cafe, cereals, toast, juice, hot drinks and full cooked English breakfast. Good parking facilities. Convenience is excellent 10 mins walk to Harlesden Tube and central london in 15 mins, also walk to Wembley…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or170-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",what you need for a short stay,"a little daunting when you arrive with all the scaffolding but the staff were warm and inviting ,our party had a great weekend, and the rooms were clean and spacious. buffet breakfast was excellent. bar prices a bit steep, but hey this is london the party are already talking about next year.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or170-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not really sure about this hotel,"We only stayed one night so can't really give feedback that would be useful.  Plus we are undecided as to what we thought overall.  NEGATIVE We knew the hotel was being refurbished (read previous feedback), so no surprises there.  But room prices should be more indicative of this.  The heaters didn't work and it was a cold night.  The bed was very hard and only one flat pillow each made for a poor night's sleep.  The breakfast was ample but the food could have been better (bad stuff was the rubbery small egg, stale croissanty bun thing, mushy hash browns).  It would have been handy to have both the old name of the hotel (Stoneybridge) as well as the new name for GPS purposes cos address didn't show on it, or the current hotel name.  POSITIVE The service was great, very friendly…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or170-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Better than we expected,"we were very worried after reading tripadvsior reviews but were very pleasantly surprised and enjoyed our stay much more than expected. Location okay as buses next to hotel. late night bus from Stonebridge Park tube was fine and walk from tube to bus stop was fine. A very good value for money hotel. breakfast brilliant. residents in hotel all very friendly and made to feel very welcome by staff. Renovations were ok and we made allowances for it. Unlike some contributors who would ""twist"" on 21 if they found this hotel bad. Going back next year.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or170-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Everything I wanted,I booked the Hotel in Feb for a stay in June. When I arrived I was a bit put off with the scaffolding but once inside the staff were very friendly and I soon forgot that the place was being renovated. My room was immaculately clean and the food was delicious. It was located right where I needed to be. I would be happy using the hotel again. Fabulous bar and entertainment. The cab firm they use was the only let down.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or170-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",OK for 2 stars,"Regarding that this hotel is a 2-star-hotel, I'll give 4/5. The (I think nearly complete Indian) staff was very friendly.  The english breakfast was good. Although the times 7am-10am doesn't neccesarily seem to be correct since on the last day on 7:45am there hasn't been anything prepared. On the other days on 9am all was fine. The room was okay. A bed, a desk, a basin, a cupboard, a fridge and a TV and (urgent for me) free and reliable wireless LAN. :-)  The hotel has got a dining room, where you can sit all the time to relax and a bar, which is open from 9am to 22pm (when remembering correctly). There is room service (for meals), but I didn't need that. During the whole time there was refurbishment work in the central hall and on the outside of the hotel. But there was no…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or175-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",12/05/2012   Hotel from hell,"This was the worst hotel i've ever seen in my life, it is horrendous it said it was undergoing renevation , it is actually deplorable, filthy dirty and unpleasent, i would not stay and it cost me to book into another hotel, my 2 children were actually frightened,it looks like something from a shanty town.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or175-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"Stayed at Bridge Park Hotel for 10 days. We were a bit hesitant to stay at this hotel after reading all these reviews. However, right from the start, we were greeted warmly by the Reception. The hotel is currently undergoing renovation. We were given a room at the basement but near to the Reception. Apparently, those rooms on a higher floor are being renovated. The hotel do have kitchen facilities but since it's undergoing renovation, the kitchen is currently out-of-order. The room was spacious for 4 adults and it's really pleasant. Cleanliness of the room is good. Free Wifi is provided in the room! The Front Office staffs are very friendly and helpful. Whenever we need a glass of ice or even some assistance to heat our food, the Front Office will do their best to help us.…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or175-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",MY EXPERIENCE,"I checked in the whole place was undr construction. Good for a 2 or 2 but no more. The staff was veru nice and helpful. Internet work fine but you gte what you pay for, The room are extremely small. Open the door and you're on the bed. ",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or175-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Hmmm...,"We decided to stay at Bridge Park Hotel on Feb 18th 2012. We chose this hotel as we were already staying in london friday night and wanted to extend our stay to saturday and the hotel we were in were too expensive so we found this cheap deal on laterooms.com - we paid £50 for one night including breakfast. When we arrived at the hotel we were advised we were too early as it was only 12pm, so we decided to leave our car on the carpark located at the back of hotel and trek into london - this was a trek and a half!!! Once we found the Harlesden tube station (approx 15mins from hotel) we perchased 2 return tickets - costing us about 18pound! It was about a 30-45min tube journey into Picadilly Circus, beware bring your wallet as its very expensive in central london! Nevertheless we…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or175-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",did you see A Hounting?,"We stayed there for 4 nights and it was horrible. The hotel looks like is haunted, I think it wasn't renovated since ages. Our shower was crazy. The water was hot and in 3 seconds cold, that;s the Irish spirit.   We supposed to have breakfast there, but I've neved eaten there, because I have seen the cook. Oh my, I will never go there.  And remember, it's 1 hour from the center.",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or180-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",terrible service i received in uk,"Hi all....   I booked this hotel for my holidays but this is the first time I received a bad room service in London UK. During I was occupied in this hotel days 2 days I requested to clean my room but no one cleaned, at the same time I asked a towel from one of the hotel housing keeping  supervisor Mss. Chandooni, just she hang around there and gave me a wet and dirty towel and she said talk to housekeeping people.   worst hotel in my life",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or180-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Ok for a night or two,"We stayed here in July 2011 as it was not far from Wembley, bout half an hours walk or few mins on the bus.  The hotel appeared ok, but we should have been in our room from 2pm and as we arrived at 5pm, we expected to get in immediately.  We had to wait half an hour whilst they boarded up our window, which was broken!  No offer of free drink though when they sent us to wait in the bar!  When we got in near midnight, the window had been replaced, but there were really tiny bits of glass in the bed!  The room smelt of curry the first night, but after that the smell was restricted to the landing outside the room!  The on suite bathroom was very tiny too.  The information on the hotel also offered free wifi, but the only internet access we could see was pay as you go computers in…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or180-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerfull....,"Booked twin room and was given a double, eventually changed to a family room, but told we may have to be moved again on the second day.. not a great start. Bar full of yobs, with one continually shouting c##t at fruit machine with no reaction from bar staff..?? Breakfast self service, but most containers empty and tables dirty and sticky to the touch.  Not a comfortable stay, but maybe at £70 a room per night it may be worth a stay if a group of lads were going to a match or a gig in Wembley..... once you don't expect much.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or180-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",a great hotel,had a great stay parking right outside. Rooms a bit small but had everything you needed and were clean. Breakfast also good and well stocked up.  would stay again!,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or180-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",unsympathetic,"Due to riots in London the England game was cancelled. Hotel was very unsympathetic and refused to compromise in any way,will never grace them with my precence again.",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or185-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",good for short stay,"dicided to visit london for the weekend and booked this place by accident. ( by accident ? long story ) anyway at £27.00 a night ( booked over net )  including breakfast you can't complain. the welcome was nice and staff were attentive throughout the stay, we had a double en-suite. the bathroom was very small but if you are only staying 2 nights it can be coped with, the bed was comfortable and bedding was clean, there was a bit of noise from the main road but after a tireing day round london it does not take you long to drop off.                the best thing we liked about this place was the self service english breakfast, it was really good just the thing you need before a day of traveling round london, the staff kept a close watch on the food trays and topped them up before…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or185-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Cheap, Good if you just need a bed for the night","We attended Wembley Stadium for a concert, and found this place to stay, cheap less than £60 for 2. If you just need somewhere to sleep for the night and don't expect lot, this place will be ok. Bus stop out side the hotel into Wembley, free car park , breakfast and Staff were friendly and helpful.   If your planing on spending time in your hotel room, this is not the place for you. we where in a room with no windows, but it was clean, hot shower, tv and fridge!!  If i was going to a concert at Wembley again would stay there again if no-where else was available. But if i was planning on spending any time in my hotel room i wouldn't.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or185-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap Stop Over close to Wembley,"We attended Wembley Stadium for a concert, and finding a hotel that wasn't already fully booked was difficult, until we found Bridge Park Hotel. It advertises itself as being in Wembley, but it is actually in Harlesden area of London. Free car park with CCTV. We paid £60 odd for a double room and buffet breakfast, so wasn't expecting the Ritz.  Staff on arrival were friendly and helpful, we arrived an hour before official check in time and they checked if our room was ready - which it was - and allowed us the key early.  The room is basic, cheap mattress, small t.v., shower cubicle and toilet and basin, and suprisingly a fridge...  The walk to Wembley takes you down a highstreet which is ethnically diverse, no problems though. 30 mins to walk to Wembley Stadium. No places that…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or185-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Get what you paid for - not the best for Wembley!,"I booked this hotel for myself and my girlfriend as we were seeing Take That at Wembley and found the hotel to be very difficult. Despite it's claims when we booked that it was convenient to get to Wembley from we missed the Pet Shop Boys support act because directions were unclear. To make matters worse when we called the hotel for clarification they didn't seem to care. The room we were given was not non-smoking or a double as booked, but was clean overall. We found the breakfast to be good, and overall for a stay in London the price was fair. On reflection I would say that if you're on a budget and you stay here just don't expect much for the price.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or185-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",AWFUL,I was woken by the fire alarm twice (I believe people were smoking hash in the room) and then the night porter rang the room to let him in at 1.30 as he had gone out and couldn't get back in. Manager does not return e mails or phone calls to discuss my complaint. DON'T STAY HERE!,Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or190-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent budget hotel,Having arrived after a 4ht bus ride and a day sightseeing I was very surprised .  The. Family room we had was downstairs but was very clean The beds were made and clean hand & bath towels were laid out and the room included a small tv fridge & safe   The decor is nice with the odd splash of paint on the socket covers but hey I've done that decorating at home The staff were very helpful even to tHe point of laying on an early breakfast as I needed to leave early to be at work for 8.30  The restuarant and bar area is very nice and the food is of Good quality at very reasonable prices. If you are coming here get the 18 bus from trafalgar sq or take bakerloo line to harlesden the jump on the 18 bus as it is quite a walk but the bus stops are only around 50m from the door,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or190-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Value for moneyyy,Ws bit worid wd mixed reviews i hd saw n ere b4 stayin at d hotel!!overall pleasant stay.nice clean room.v wer hd a double room ensuite booked n v wer givn a massive room which hd 2extra single beds in it aswel at no extra cost which ws very nyc of dm!!n d breakfast a+++ wide range of variety!!!n nly 20 mins n metro frm central london!!defn8ly recomnd!!,Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or190-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Simply a terrible experience,"This has to be one of the worst 'hotels' (B&B's) I have ever stayed in. It is located in Harlesden, NOT Wembley and although all the people I met were very friendly, you do not want to be making the 15min walk back to the hotel from the underground alone.  It has a bar attached and the locals laughed at us when we arrived stating ""This is not Wembley mate""! Apparently, this is a standing joke. Oh, how we tittered...The rooms were dark and very depressing. We had a full-size fridge (?) and a portable television perched on the top of an MDF cupboard (apparently a wardrobe). The TV was so small, positioned at such a high level and on the other side of the room,  that I developed myopia just trying to work out what it was I was watching. The rooms are a fair size but ours was very…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or190-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Cheap but not very cheerful!,"Me and my boyfriend and 6 family members stayed at The Bridge Park Hotel for the evening of the FA Cup Semi Final of City v United (Come on City! :D.)  We decided to stay at The Bridge Park due to the low cost, nearness to Wembley and as all other hotels near Wembley were booked up. My uncle and his wife had stayed the night before and said it was clean and they had a balcony on their room so were impressed!  We arrived on the Saturday morning and waiting to be shown to our room once it had been checked. We were then taken downstairs into the basement. We went past conference rooms and other hotel doors to our room. The biggest problem was that our room did have any windows. This made it feel very small and uncomfortable.  We didn't have time to check out the room as we were…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or190-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excelente value for money,I don't understand how some people write bad things about this hotel. Of course it is not a 4/5 stars and you can find there luxury and typical Hotel ambiance. But the rooms are clean and confortble. I booked an ensuite room and I ahd a tea machine and a fridge at room. Some rooms have a LCD and heating. Beds are confortble and room and bathroom was cleaned every day. The hotel has a private parking and the staff was very friendly. They have a nice restaurant where you can eat well and cheap. Threre is a TESCO few meters from Hotel. Metro is about 5/7 minutes walking and there is a bus stop just in front of Hotel. This is not close to centre but I can go there in 10 minutes by metro/train. Of course the rooms are small but you can find everything you need to sleep. If you are…,Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or195-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",WOULD NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL,"We have stayed at many hotels in London, this is not the one we would not unfortunately come back to.  It was cold, the showers take some time to work, lose tiles, breakfast was cheaply made when you taste it..  The following week i stayed at another hotel similar area there is a vast difference in quality.  That is for sure.  Sorry but these other reviews indicating negative feedbacks is not surprising.",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or195-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",best cheap hotel in london,spacy and clean room with tv and fridge.15 minutes with bus from center or 7minutes walk+5minutes metro to center.in quiet part of hillside.tesco market neraby.average english breakfast.very friendly and helpfull staff,Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or195-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",OK for a night and trip to Wembley,"The hotel was booked for a trip to Wembley Stadium, the location is great. Either a 10 min walk down and across the North Circular to were the pubs and places to meet before the game. Alternatively you can catch the number 18 bus opposite which is very regular. The hotel is very tired, but clean and the service was good. The shared bathroom consists of a toilet with a shower cubicle in the same room. They need updating and re-painting as they are damp areas and you could see the mould on the ceiling. The beds were OK, a little hard, but it was a room and breakfast with free CCTV parking. We would use this hotel again I think, but it is no 5 star. You get what you pay for and not many hotels have breakfast for this price!",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or195-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",needs updating,"Ok hotel if on a budget, Staff were very nice, but rooms do need updating, room had a strong smell of cigarettes. Shower over bath was awful, shower head faced against wall and not able to be titled any other way, bath floor very slippy. Free on site parking is good.",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or195-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"I stayed at this hotel between the 23rd and 26th June, and after reading some of the reviews on here I have to say, I was a little worried.  I need not have worried, and furthermore I can't understand what the people who write these negative reviews expect for their money.  The hotel was clean and the room was spotless.  The room was serviced every day and the room was also quite large in comparison to single rooms in a lot of central London hotels.  The room had a fridge, plenty of powerpoints, plenty of storage space, a sink a comfortable bed and tea/coffee facilities that were replenished every day.    The check in staff were friendly and helpful with good local knowledge.  On my day of departure the Underground was suspended and they helped me with bus route information to…",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or200-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",blackpool 3 cardiff 2,Hotel lovely perfect location for wembley staff were very pleasant. Breakfast was the best weve ever had in a hotel more than enough (help yourself buffet) only downside was the 10 minute walk from the tube but it does tell you this on their  website and it was a nice walk. we paid 99 pound for the 4 of us sharing a room which i think is great value i would definatly recommend this hotel  to others but if your wanting the ritz then go and pay the 250 pound a night that they charge per person!!!,Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or200-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Barrow afc victory.,Five adult's from Barrow-in-furness stayed here for two night's.It was spotless clean and a perfect location for Wembley stadium.Sfaff where very helpfull and friendly especialy Ricky behind the bar.Food and drink's were very cheap and we would recommend it to other's and stay there again.Thank's to eveyone there who made our stay memorable.,Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or200-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Me and partners 1st time in a hotel,When 1zt reading the review me and my partner was dreading it but my partner arranged to go to the hotel and see what it was like. When he arrived he got a friendly service. The lady showed my partner the room he thought it was a ok place 2 crash. We both thought bed room was ok but my partner kept hitting his arm on the cupboard. The bath room was lil small but we was only there for 2 night. Breakfast was nice we did enjoy as it was our 1st time together in hotel. To me it was good hotel for the price and good parking.  Would go back again,None,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or200-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Great location for Wembley!,"After reading other reviews we were expecting this hotel to be one of the worst places we've ever stayed but we were all pleasantly surprised. Staff were really friendly and helpful -  we arrived at 21:58, resturant closes at 22:00 but the owner still let us order food. The food was nice, traditional pub grub, drink was cheaper than we thought it was going to be. They let us keep our bags at the hotel while we went to watch the football. Rooms were comfortable, and clean - stayed in a lot worse in Blackpool for a lot more money! I would recommend this hotel and will definitely be staying here next time we go to wembley.",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or200-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not worth what they charge,"I did not read any reviews before I stayed there & wish I would have. From their advertisement this hotel seems real nice.  They lied about a few things. There was no fridge in the room. There was not even a phone..which made me wonder how could you order room service anyways??? There was no clock & the tv barely worked. Just like what the other people that stayed there said, my mom and I walked into our room and it smell like someone took a crap in our room.  So the hotel itself really sucked and the location sucked. Yeah you could take the bus to the get to the train station but it was scary doing so.  It seemed like it is in a ""bad neighborhood"" if you know what I mean.  I booked this hotel for 3 nights but we left after 2 because we couldn't take it anymore.",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or205-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Way over priced for what it was!!!!!,"Me and my friend stayed at the bridge park hotel at the beginning of july when we went to see Take That at Wembley...would not recommend it!!!!! When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist was very polite and nice and showed us to our room.  As soon as we stepped into the room it smelt awful! The only way to describe it was something simular to mothballs - not nice at all! My friend said she could really smell it so thought we'd get used to it.  Then my friend went to take a shower...but no hot water! Went back out to reception and receptionist told me just to keep running the tap for 5-10mins and it should come though...of course it didn't, so inthe end the maintence guy fixed it and all ok.  Next morning however when we opened the curtains the curtain pole fell on our…",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or205-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",shockingly bad,"where do you start!?  They didn't have a clue I was booked even though they had took the money, I had to wait 2 hours after my stated check in for my room, theres ONE SHOWER for alot of rooms, the sink in my room was falling off the wall, you can smoke inside, and the room smelt bad, there was leaking water and an air conditioning thing making alot of noise all night.  I had low expectations for the small price I paid, but I wouldn't recommend it to rats.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or205-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Want cheap hotel near Wembley,"Daughter booked Hotel for England game. I looked at Tripadvisor afterwards and read reveiws and thought no way ,all but a couple were terrible write ups,but it was to late to book something else, so took a chance. No need to worry!! If your looking for cheap Hotel near Wembley Stadium this will do. No 18 bus took us to Stadium walked back to Hotel after match 3/4 hour. Room was fine as it had just been redecorated,bar prices ok for London,Breakfast was help yourself,staff were friendly and helpful. Would I recommend Hotel?    for a Wembley trip Yes no problem",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or205-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London","Very good value for money,","Stayed overnight whilst attending an England International, Very pleased with standard of room, Staff very friendly and polite, Bar Tariff reasonable expected £3.50 pint + was as cheap as my local average £ 2.70 pint, friendly local drinkers whom enjoyed the crack and were very helpful on advise (where to drink local transport etc) 45 min stroll to Wembley could not face breakfast but it looked good, Had bar snack reasonably priced all food looked good value for money Will be going back Ample parking All I can say is DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER !!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or205-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Not if there's a better option ...,"My friend and I ended up with this hotel after a ridiculous and unprofessional mix-up on Orbitz that led to us being relocated to the Stonebridge Park hotel. We weren't very impressed and were there for 12 days.   The rooms were FREEZING, the breakfast was embarrassing and the carpets were dirty and stained. There are only two 'suites' in the hotel (which is more of a hostel) that had private bathrooms, and the water reeked due to the old pipes.   It was also in a pretty dingy area - I didn't feel safe coming back late by myself. The staff seemed to mean well, but were just terribly incompetent. They didn't all speak English very well, and there wasn't always someone at the front desk when we came back in the evenings -- which meant we were banging on the front door for 15…",Date of stay: May 2009,2.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or210-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgusting,"DO NOT STAY HERE IT IS TERRIBLE.  I have just returned from a two night stay at bridge park and the first thing i did when i got back was have a shower!!  the room stank of fags and was cold, bed sheets were dirty, no one made the beds or cleaned the room, no hot water, we had to pay for two nights up front ( The manager told us this was normal practice in all hotels!!!)  Frankly if I could have paid on departure I would not have paid, although smoking in public buildings is illegal at this hotel you can smoke in your room as long as you stand by the window!!!  Lastly on the morning we were due to leave I woke up with a black hairy bug in my bed!  Even though this was cheap you can get so much better!  No refund was given when we complained but then he had already had his…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or210-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",This hotel lives up to its dire reviews,"This has got to be one of the worst budget hotels I have stayed at in London.  I booked through ebookers who took my full payment for the room (£54.00 or something) but when I read the reviews I wanted to cancel but I wasn't able to because the hotel would charge a £35.00 cancellation charge, even though I called ebookers about 10 minutes after making the reservation so I decided to just go ahead with the room.  When we arrived at the hotel, I was asked to pay another £40.00 for the room but I queried this with ebookers straight away and they informed me I had already paid and this £40.00 should not have been charged.  I did get a refund but it took a while and several phone calls.  The room wasn't too bad but the shower area/toilets (shared between several rooms) were awful -…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or210-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Smelly Nightmare,"Was so awful we couldn't stay, thankfully they refunded us a night. The rooms smelt like urine and cigarettes. There is one toilet and shower per 5 or 6 rooms. Located amongst abandoned buildings and housing projects, it is miles out of the city and didn't feel particularly safe. This is a cheap hotel/hostel but you can get much better accommodation in the city, the photos on the website are not a true reflection of the building.",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or210-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",What a horrible experience,"DO NOT STAY HERE I DONT CARE HOW CHEAP IT IS. It was the cheapest thing we could find, ok sure. Still, the website boasts cleanliness and moderness. HAH. They messed our reservations up the second we got there and the room we payed to reserve wasnt even available. So the receptionist gives us a room in the basement, ok whatever, we're kind of worried at this point. We get our room, theres a dirty towel in the bathroom, one dirty glass in a double person room, mold all over the baseboard and wall on one side of the room, and the room feels dank, moist, and musty. Seriously, the sheets feel damp its that moist. The free wireless internet they proudly boast doesnt even work, because they put us in the BASEMENT. They arent willing to work with us and we'll have to see if we can get…",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or210-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Disgustingly Filthy,"Have just returned from a stay at the Bridge Park Hotel.  It was absolutely terrible!!  We were on a trip to Wembley so only stayed one night - Thank God!  There were 8 of us booked in 4 rooms.  They were all with shared bathroom as they were fully booked up for en-suite, but for one night we did not think it would be a problem to share a bathroom.  Althought the sheets and towels in the room were clean, everything else, and I mean everything else was absolutely filthy.  Two of the people in our party, who were in their twenties, did not even sleep in their rooms as they thought they were disgusting and booked into another hotel in the centre of London for the night!  The breakfast was greasy and dried-up, and the only thing I can say in favour, was that the staff were very…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or215-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",let this be your last resort,"The hotel is not too bad, they actually have a good breakfast. If you like to drink, they got a bar attached to the hotel.  The only thing that you can't hide or get over is the high crime level! Look up Stonebridge park, its one of the worst crime areas in London. Im still here, until next week when i check-out. But after dark, do not go outside. Seriously.",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or215-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Was Very Glad With The Level of Service.,Was very very happy with The Hotel and especially with the staff. Very efficient and polite.  The Hotel itself ticks all the boxes of a budget hotel. The best part is the avblity of wifi in the room itself.  Great breakfast. Wholesome and for most will be enough till a late late lunch.  Only glitch is non availability of proper shoping nearby. Though the Hotel cannot be blamed for it. All essentails easily available though. There's post office opposite. Only Bus to and from Is No 18. To and from Euston. You will need it to get to the Tube station.(Stonebridge Park -Bakerloo Line) A must book if value for money is a priority and not luxury.  SV Narayan,Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or215-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Avoid!!!!,"This hotel is an absolute dive. Our room was appalling, one of the beds had what appeared to be blood stains on the sheets; there was a pair of dirty flip flops left lying on our floor; the bathroom was horrific - had a gaping hole in the roof that leaked water into the room, the ceiling was covered in damp and the floor was just plain dirty. The whole hotel smelt either really stale or of curry powder. To be fair, the staff at reception were really helpful, but it didn't make up for the rest of the place. The hotel bar was tacky, and the beer we had was clearly watered down. I wouldn't recommend anyone stays here.",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d656267-Reviews-or215-Bridge_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Bridge Park Hotel B&B Reviews, London",Good for money,"Very good for money, not very good part of town, and a bit loudy because of near building site,  but hotel was clean, new furbished, with nice breakfast and friendly staff, tube station 10 minutes away-then 20 minutes to city centre-will come again!",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
