,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or0-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",They lies to me - me mintieron,Me dijeron que me iban a hacer una devolución en la tarjeta porque en los 5 días no anduvo la tv y nunca me llegó. They told me it Will be a refound on my crédit card because tv didnt work in Five days and never did it.,Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or0-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Needs a good clean & update,"Nice looking building when you enter. Room it’s self needs update, a lick of paint here and there would help. Found a stained towel, the socket in the wall won’t let you put your plug in fully (fire hazard?), window is cracked so there’s another window over it but it won’t shut so there’s a constant draft, stained cushions and bad lighting. Bathroom is clean. Haven’t slept in the bed yet so who knows but I’ll sleep with my clothes on. But great location, near by lots of restaurants, shops and bars. Venue 2/3 minute walk. ",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or0-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Exceedingly unpleasant, the worst 'hotel' I've ever stayed in!","The room was tiny, there was no chair to sit on and only a tiny bedside table. It was also dirty, especially the bathroom and I couldn't bring myself to take a shower!   The plug in the sink was coated with grey gunge and I couldn't bring myself to use it for drinking water either!   It was very cold, the sash window on the stairway near my room was stuck fully open. As it was a windy and frosty night there was no hope of getting warm. I asked for an extra blanket, they said they didn't have one so gave me a pile of bed sheets instead - I slept in my daytime clothes to try to keep warm.  The curtains were dirty, torn and tied in a knot, patches of the carpet were threadbare, piles of dirty laundry were in the corridors from the time I arrived until the time I left which was a fire hazard, and the bacon offered for breakfast was so overcooked and solid that it was in edible.…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or0-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great location good price,"Let’s be clear, this is not the ritz or the Dorchester but then it probably cost less than a round of drinks at those places to stay here for the night.  It’s right next to the  Tottenham Court Road which takes you right to the heart of theatre land and the west end.  Lovely old building with well appointed rooms including tea, coffee facilities, en-suite shower and hairdryer .  Breakfast was great, one sausage, fried or scrambled eggs, one rasher of bacon and beans plus a continental choice with pots of tea or coffee.  Temperature in the building was a bit hot but turned the radiator off in our room and that was fine.  If you’re going to see a show and want somewhere to rest your head after walking round Leicester Square and Covent Garden  book this hotel!!! This is the view from our room …",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or0-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Dirty,"I stayed here for one night to recover after a day procedure in hospital to test up ready before travelling back home next day, the room was very dirty and grubby, I wiped the door down with a wet cloth and the marks just come off see photos, which proves it just hasn't been cleaned properly for a long time,no glass for my water had to go down stairs to ask for one, tea and coffee packets were even dirty, the heating was on extremely hign with no way to turn it down, opened the window it was very noisy which you would expect with the hotels location , the curtains and nets were filthy dirty thick of dust... Its only saving grace was the sheets were actually clean I didn't dare look under them, I just curled up in the middle of the bed and tried to get some sleep, felt to poorly to move some where else after my anesthetic just needed sleep, I went down for breakfast in the morning the dining room was rammed far to small for the size of the hotel the waitress tried to seat me with three men who didn't speak English I left having nothing to eat come back an hour later just before they finished serving when the room was empty.. It was covered in dirty dishes I had to sit at a dirty used table had a coffee and a little breakfast no bread for toast had to ask the waitress just grubbled at me walked off, the best thing about my stay was the receptionist a very nice man I felt sorry him  he was trying his best to do a good job for the guests he remembered my name every time I saw him…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or5-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",There's no place for a zero,I backpacked years ago for a long time and this hotel reminded me of how I have grown up and moved way on up. Admittedly I saw my colleague's room and it was way better but still incredibly basic. In terms of everything. I could not find it in me to walk on the carpet without socks. I let the hot water in the sink run for 10 and no warmth. If you are larger than a female size 2 you won't fit in the shower stall. And the window leaked. It was December so it was a fight between the cold air from the window and the heater underneath the window. The draughtly window won. Now I have a cold.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or5-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Beware - Hotel Cavendish name can confuse,One step up than sleeping in a tent!! Not to be confused with other hotels of a similar name.  Think doss house Think filthy carpets and battered furniture  Tiny room Micro bathroom with a cracked sink A shower with no power and a useless dribble.  Having an infrared bio hazard torch would have been interesting/chilling!! Thin walls Noisy I am trying to think of redeeming features and cannot.  ,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or5-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Swanky but not exorbitant,"My only quibble is the first floor bar area. It’s table service but if they turned the bar around 90 degrees and lengthened it, with better ambient lighting, it could be a real meeting point, but just for residents.   Bar food available. Room pristine, excellent bed v and bedding.  Only the Sky tv channel worked. Could do with a shaving mirror, for mascara application...",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or5-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"We were coming to London for 2 nights and we always look for a good deal. This hotel was the best price for us and we knew it was going to be more budget hotel than luxury.  When we got there we were given the choice of a room in the lower ground floor or floor 3, we opted for floor 3 even though there was no lift as we would be further away from the traffic.  The room was fine for what we needed,  it was clean, had a wardrobe, desk, mirror, somewhere to sit to do makeup etc.  The shower was basic but fine.  Yes it could do with a touch of paint but that is just cosmetic.  Breakfast was fine, my husband enjoyed his English breakfast and their was plenty of other options, cerial, fruit, yoghurt, toast etc. We just used our hotel as a base really as we would be out all day, come…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or5-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",4 stars according to booking.com. 1 star is maximu,"Unbeliavable how you go for nice pictures. Arrived late in the evening to supposedly nice 4-star hotel close to London city. The ”hotel” was not hard to find, but that was about the best thing. I got my room key from the reception and started walking with my luggage upstairs to the third floor, yes, no elevator, not even finding my room. After first walking around for five minutes trying to find it, i finally understood that i was supposed to go back to the first floor and then through another corridor to get there. The room was small, nothing harm with that, but the window was open and the room was freezing! I did not find central heating anywhere, so the temperature was about 14-15 degeees celsius. The bathroom was horribly cold and mold was growing in the shower. As it was…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or10-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Never again,"It’s my mistake really. I didn’t pay attention when booking this place as I should’ve booked “The” Cavendish Hotel and not “Cavendish Hotel” Albeit’s in a great location with a tube station just around the corner. The place is quite aged. Our room had the following faults. Damaged floor tiles in the bathroom which had sharp corners. We had to leave towels on the floor to stop damage to the soles of our feet. The toilet seat was broken. The shower had no thermostatic control and was either stone cold or tepid, which leads onto the drain not draining which was good because you had to get out anyway because it was cold. The sink tap had hot water, so I can’t see why there was none in the shower. We booked a double room, but got 2 single beds pushed together with a double quilt over…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or10-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Bug's in the bed,Worst Hotel ever! Zero star Hotel! Stay three night there. Room service awful bathroom and floor was never cleaned. Spider in the ceiling and bug's  in the bed. Very narrow room with step up to small bathroom. ,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or10-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel! ,"Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Looks like it has been furnished from a car boot sale. Dirty, dated, the sink in the room did not drain and to top it all off I am now covered in insect bites. Wish I could give no stars. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or10-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Don't book this hotel,The hotel is needing updated badly. We stayed in lower ground floor not pleasant at all .carpet dirty .lights not working .tiles loose on bathroom floor .dinning tables covers were all stained .no bathroom lock on doors the list is endless . But finishing on a good note great location,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or10-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Extremely Disappointing,"We arrived and we got into our room. Light didn’t work, remote missing, no ice period, and tv was smaller than my computer monitor. Absolutely no water in shower. Could not rinse off. Breakfast was nice but very unhappy with stay. Staff apologized but I felt it was something they say everyday. It was centrally locates but very unhappy with stat. Shame. Room needed basic upgrading. I’ve stayed in hostels that were better equipped.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or15-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Smaller than an eriba caravan,"I've not dared look under the sheet - its too late to find anywhere else to stay. The bedding looks clean but the rest of the room is covered in dust and incredibly tatty.  It is the width of a double bed so incredibly claustrophobic, the bathroom looks relatively clean but is in dire need of a makeover.  On the positive, the Wifi seems to work and the hotel staff were very friendly.  Put politely - I won't be returning!",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or15-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Not quite a Hotel, more a B&B","I spent 2 days in this ""Hotel"", unfortunately I could not consider it as such, but more a B&B. The room was very small, with the basic furniture, which does not fit correctly making it feel very claustrophobic. Although the bathroom and the bedding was nice and clean, there is little attention to details, like the carpets and the windowsills, which were not very welcoming. The breakfast was correct, offering a full English breakfast to something more light like cereals, toast, yogurts and fruit.  The receptionist was very nice and polite, although the young ladies in the breakfast should receive a crash course on how to attend customers, since I felt they were very abrupt and many times they did not really listen to the clients requests. Not some where I would go back to…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or15-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Rooms are tiny but nice area,I love this area. We could walk to many restaurants and the subway. There were three of us and with our 3 suitcases we had to walk over suitcases to get to tiny bathroom and out the door. Staff is very friendly and they have a lovely  breakfast that is included.,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or15-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Tired hotel in need of a makeover,"I can only really echo the other recent reviews for this 'hotel'.  It looks quite attractive from outside, but once through the door the full horrors are revealled.  Dirty and shabby carpets and decorations throughout.  Cleaners and ironing boards left on landings and top of stairs (H&S hazard).  Smallest room I've ever seen with bed wedged below window.  Only way to operate window was from across the bed (H&S hazard).  Outside sash window broken and chocked open with a wooden stake.  Filthy net curtain between panes.  Bed and bathroom clean but mattress shot and large crack in the sink, shower was only a dribble and never got hot.   Miniscule towels.  Tiny wardrobe and nowhere to sit down or place any luggage of size.  Breakfast very limited  and cheap mass produced items…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or15-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not as bad as some of reviews make out!,"Stayed one night for business, I had a room on the lower ground floor (next to breakfast room) and the room was very spacious. - double bed, desk, sofa - OK not a great view from the window but the bed was comfortable and the room was clean. The cooked breakfast was OK and had a fair choice of cereals etc. The man on reception was very helpful and friendly. Location is perfect, just round the corner from warren street tube or 10 min walk from Euston in one direction and Tottenham court road in the other. Overall, if like me you need a place for a night or two then its perfect.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or20-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Won’t use this hotel again ,Disgraceful hotel. Room the size of a broom cupboard. Dirty as well  As I was only staying for one night and for some reason the hotel was full I didn’t ask to change rooms. They are probably all the same size anyway.  Mediocre breakfast  Cost of room not  cheap either. ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or20-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Quite Ugly,"Well the position of the Hotel is quite good, and in other wise I can only recomend for them who stay at a Hotel only to get a few hours of sleep. Its not worth a three star rating, quite ugly, you here everythibg from all rooms, bad cleanig and bad breakfast. Well, not my best stay, but London is great.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or20-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Claustrophobia-inducing ,"This is not a nice hotel. The room was so tiny that it was quite literally just a bed touching all the walls. I’m not sure where you would even put a suitcase (thankfully I only had a backpack). The bathroom was so small it was barely usable. The walls are super thin - I could hear people above me walking, people next to me talking, and cars going by outside all night. The window didn’t fully shut, so the room was freezing. The walls had weird smears on them that looked like blood. There was hair on the plates and utensils at breakfast. I would recommend staying genuinely anywhere else. ",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or20-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Worn out with unsmiling staff,"The people at the front office and the ladies serving breakfast hardly smiled maybe they do not like what they do. The breakfast was ok, nothing too fancy. Rooms were cleaned everyday.  I would not comeback just because did not feel welcome.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or20-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",In desperate need of housekeeping!,"The staff in the reception is nice. The hotel is well situated.  The hotel is dirty and in dire need of housekeeping and a bit of an upgrade. The rooms are very small, no place for the luggage. No formal chairs are in the rooms, just benches which makes it impossible to do any work or sit down to relax. I asked the reception for a chair and got one from the breakfast room. I was thankful for that. The shower head did not work. The room was never vacuumed and has probably not been properly vacuumed for years. The table was dirty and the worst part, after the first night, the cup I had used to drink coffee from, had not been replaced but sloppily wiped and put back. The cutlery and cups in the breakfast room were dirty.  There was a space between the bed and the window and one of…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or25-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Far from a 4 Star Hotel,"Not a lot to recommend about this hotel except the location. Room facilities did not work, repair man could not repair the safe of the scorching hot water out of the shower.  Changed rooms, again the safe did not work, and main light did not work, was promised both would be fixed, but neither were.  Body wash and shampoo were half empty/used!!!! This time the shower was tepid (at best)  Breakfast staff were absolutely rude. I came down for breakfast, the room was full, when I asked the waitress, whether I should wait or come back, she just shrugged.....eventually another diner offered their table as they were about to leave....shockingly rude. When I raised all of this with the reception staff, was promised a phone call and a part refund.  HAVE RECEIVED NEITHER!!!!!!!  Cannot…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or25-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Could be better,"The Hotel doesnt have a lift so its 50 plus stairs to the top floor. Room was tired.  The shower did not drain quick enough so could not have a shower or the bathroom would have flooded. We told the staff and were offered to have a shower in another room, and were told it happens.  As we were checking out having a shower then was not an option. The breakfast was alright. The hotel is positioned quite well for transport links. If this is 4 stars then something is wrong.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or25-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",New low for tourist traps,"There is simply no way this hotel is anywhere the 4-star rating it claims to be. I was stuck in a horrid ""cabin"" room with ripped out carpet. Breakfast was instant coffee and greasy spoon level substances.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or25-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Good experience, excellent location","This place is located in a very strategic area of the city. You can go to most of the touristic place walking but you also have the metro nearby( 1 block the nearest station) and the bus almost in front of the building.   The room was clean and tidy, and they give you some complimentary water, coffee, tea and a Scottish butter cracker which I loved.  All the staff was very helpful, but during the breakfast they eventually forgot to replace some stuff, like orange juice. But if you ask they bring it. The food was very good at all, and the service as well.  I think it is a nice and cheap option to explore London, don’t expect luxury and you will have a good time there.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or25-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Really good location and budget hotel ,Lovely little hotel in the best part of London. Not jazzy and full of expensive frill. Just a basic clean budget hotel. Not sure what people are complaining about. Breakfast small basic but tasty and hot. Nice place nice staff.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or30-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Hotel Cavendish is a totally different hotel to Cavendish Hotel,I stayed at the Hotel Cavendish on Gower Street for a couple of days earlier this week. It’s  cheap budget accommodation and you get what you pay for. The room was very small but functional. The bed was quite comfortable. The breakfast was ok but not brilliant. The staff were reasonably friendly.  My main criticism is the name of the hotel. I made the booking through Booking.com after finding the hotel on Trivago. I did a Google search on Hotel Cavendish and the first hotel I was directed to was the Cavendish Hotel in Jermyn Street off Piccadilly. This is a totally different class of hotel. If I had read the information on Trivago more carefully I would have realised that they are two different hotels but it is a very easy mistake to make. When I was in London I called into the…,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or30-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Just Awful,"I was booked here by work and I think they got it mixed up with the 5 * Cavendish.  DO NOT go here. I was wary as the reviews I had read were bad, but thought well, satisfied customers don't always give feedback.  On arrival I gave my name to a man who was behind the desk with another man, to say their customer service skills were poor is an understatement. I asked if my room had been prepaid as I knew it had, he told me it hadn't so I stood outside looking for a different hotel on my phone, I would have moved away but it was pouring down. The filthy carpet that greeted me matched the reviews so I thought this was a great chance to change hotel, when suddenly the man came out and told me oh miss your room is paid for but if you don't check in it will get charged anyway. I did…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or30-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Awful,"In all honesty the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Room was so small it was like being in a cupboard with hardly any space to turn. It had a single bed and the toilet was too small to even fit in. It was like staying in a jail cell, couldn't wait to leave.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or30-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Cheap, good location, but ‘no frills’ ","Friendly staff, you get a decent breakfast, it’s in a great location near huge Waterstones bookshop and handy for UCL. The hotel has seen better days, and the rooms are small, but it’s functional and fine for a short stay. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or30-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Ok....would rather have paid more for better hotel! ,"Well let me first by saying we only paid £125 for this hotel with breakfast when lots of other hotels were coming up double this....this should have been a big clue really!! Don’t get me wrong the bed sheets were clean so that was fine, the rest of it just felt grubby - shower head covered in grime, really outdated, paint peeling in places etc. Breakfast was extremely standard - no pastries, one type of milk, tinned fruit. You can get cooked breakfast but again that was ok, not amazing but ok! Room was very hot but luckily we had a fan so that was adequate for us. The location is fantastic, just 10 mins walk from Euston station and 5/10 mins to the tube stations. All in all we were hardly in the room so it didn’t bother us too much, you pay for what you get! Definitely not a 4…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or35-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not for me...,"I stayed here as part of a block booking with colleagues, on one of those days were London was busy and hotel rates were sky-high.. our cost-conscious found us this place,  at ~£130. It looks nice from the outside, but inside is a little jaded.. I could see they try hard at keeping it clean and tidy, but it didn’t look right. In my room I thought I had a double bed, but it was 2 singles pushed together, one slightly higher than the other - there was a stone step up to a little bathroom. The worst thing was the kitchen right next door, I was abruptly awoken by microwave pinging, pots pans and bustle from 6am, and if I dared to open the window, a waft of bacon fumes came in. They were generous with the biscuits and the breakfast was ok, but to be honest I was happy to leave. The…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or35-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",A 4 starts hotel?,"Probably is the common in London about this kind of hotels, but if you go to a 4 stars in Spain is ten times better. Not very clean and really small rooms. Very good location and very nice staff. The breakfast is quite good. ",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or35-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Scam,This hotel scam their customers by either over-charging or avoiding refunds. I am currently in the process of making a fraudulent claim and reporting this establishment to Trading Standards. Do not book at this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or35-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Realistic expectations needed.,"In Euston on business so I booked the Cavendish as a budget hotel less than a mile away from the office... to my surprise I got what I paid for - a budget hotel. No bells and whistles and it was far from spotless but with realistic expectations it was as I thought and the staff were friendly enough. If you want a pristine hotel room, pay the premium... if you are happy with a budget room overnight then I would happily come here again.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or35-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Utter mess,"Don't book with this hotel. Absolute nightmare and they aren't honest. Still waiting for a refund to be processed when the property cancelled the booking a week before my international trip, despite having taken the payment and I rang them to confirm. I don't normally write bad reviews but this has been an disaster. (Booked via Booking.com)",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or40-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Extremely noisy and hot.,"Stayed there for one night and I wouldn't do it again. The window faces Gower St, so very noisy, very hot (2nd Floor), bad Wifi. Not very clean. 5 mins walk to Euston Square station, but that is really the only good thing about this hotel",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or40-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very Disappointing,My husband and i recently stayed here as an anniversary treat after a wedding in the area. I really wish we hadn't! We booked it through booking.com who advertised a rate of £15 which we thought was a bargain and snapped up! We then received a phone call to say this was a mistake and were offered a different rate which we reluctantly accepted as it was very short notice to find another hotel. The booking.com staff were quite rude and insinuated it was our problem that we hadn't checked the price but at no point was our booking queried until this phone call and surely the advertised price is the price you pay?! Anyway on arrival we found the reception with it's scruffy and dated decor then climbed all the stairs to our third floor room. It smelt very stale and the bathroom smelt…,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or40-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Horrible,"Used booking.com who said this was a 4 Star hotel. It does not deserve even 1 Star!  1) No elevators, so if you are on the 3rd floor, you have to carry luggage up and down. 2)We booked a single and double room. The single room was the size of a prison cell. You have to sit at an angle on the toilet!! 3) Double room needed repairs. See pictures. 4) Poor Wifi. 5) It was stinking hot, and rooms and reception are not air-conditioned, so it was boiling hot. 6) No drinking glasses in the room, and tea cups were not replaced every night. 7) Reception resembled one for a back packer hostel rather than a 4 Star hotel. 8) Reception used to store luggage, so when we arrived early, it looked like an airport !! On the positive: 1) Centrally located, close to tube. 2) Staff were friendly. 3)…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or40-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Cheap place in centre of London,"First of all it's one of the the cheapest hotel near London downtown. The price is very low for that kind of room. The room is really small, actually you don't have much space in corridor (hall of the room). So If you have a big portmanteau (or backpack) you don't find enough place for it in the room. The room is rather clean than not clean)  It's not really a quet place, but it's London, c'mon)  Stuff are friendly and thoughtful (there are no problem with iron or extra blanket). Breakfasts were not different the same set of food every day. But the main advantage of this hotel in price and location. It's only 10 minutes walk from Oxford Circus (Undergroun station) and 15 minutes walk from Soho District, so you don't have any troubles to get to your bed after ""SohoPartyNight "")))",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or40-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great base for central London,"The Cavendish Hotel in Gower Street is a great base for so many central London attractions.  It’s close to Euston (and the excellent Euston Tap pubs), Tottenham Court Road, Oxford Street shops, British Museum, the list goes on.  We’ve stayed there twice, for the Great British Beer Festival last year, and a BBC audience recording this year.  Buses and tube are within walking distance, so you can get anywhere.  Bed comfy, breakfasts really good, price very reasonable for such a convenient location. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or45-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed at,"So gross it's a safety hazard for your health. Stained sheets, mildew covered shower curtain, broken tiles, black mold in shower, no window screen ( held open by a wire hangar ), carpet not replaced in well over 10 years, extremely hot and TINY, super lopsided bed, etc. Breakfast seating is only 5 tables for 4 people. Not enough to accommodate tenants, could be waiting a long time. VERY tiny and not pretty like the pictures. Staff was kind. Had hot water. Breakfast was decent the 1 time I could find seating on my 5 day stay. Ate elsewhere even though it was included.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or45-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Better choices elsewhere ,"Whilst the bathroom was actually very nice, the bedroom was oddly on some kind of slope, not sure how that is possible! Windows were absolutely filthy, and the room had no fans or air on so was pretty warm in summer. The use of a single headboard on a double bed seemed an odd choice too. On the plus side it was a Hypnos mattress (could see the label through the sheets) and there was a choice of three hairdryers, I only used two as thought the one held together with sellotape probably should be given a miss :)   The welcome from reception was warm, and girls at breakfast were pleasant enough. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or45-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great location - shabby inside,"I would not recommend this hotel for anyone with kids or people who don't like walking up and down stairs. There are no lifts. The stairs are steep (as befits an older house like this.) Carrying bags up to your room is hard work! The room we had was adequate but dusty, mainly due to old fittings and fixtures. The bed was uncomfortable and you couldn't sit straight on the toilet as it was so close to the shower. The breakfast was fine but limiting if you don't like a cooked breakfast. The reason I booked this hotel was its location - 5 minutes from the British Museum. It is overpriced for what it is.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or45-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avoid,"Have stayed in many hotels in London and booked this on the basis of a 4 star rating on the booking site. This is at very best two star.  Was offered a basement room or third floor (no lift).  I chose third floor to find the smallest room you could imagine with no aircon, at least I couldn’t find it. Therefore I had to sleep with the window open and traffic noise all night. Pointless to go on but suffice to say the only good point was that I only booked for one night. Just for context I enclose photo of window sill",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or45-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great,"After reading above reviews which are much worse than on booking site I was veey apprehensive. However, I was more than impressed! Its a budget hotel but with many great features in central London!! Great location. Great breakfast. Lovely  elegant room on first floor. Huge bed and sofa bed for 15 year old which was fine. Huge sash window overlooking garden allowing lovely breeze. Staff more than helpful. Would definitely  return.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or50-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",24 Hour Buses stopping outside!,"First off This is not a 4 star hotel do not be fooled by the stars!  Stayed here with my mum as she hasn’t been to London for over 30 years so wanted to go back and thought hotel would be perfect... Thought wrong!  ————————————————— £260 for 2 nights it was not worth £100!  I stayed in a hotel around the corner for £94 a night in July 2017! It was a brand new hotel with No star ratings yet So took a gamble and would of happily payed to stay there again but was not available for our dates   —————————————————  BAD  -Decor.. No words  -Doesn’t look like an inspector has been in the hotel since the 70’s -Breakfast 1 Star! No joke -4 Foreign women breakfast Staff too overbearing -Tv in room no more than 20’  -Bathroom,  Badly in need of a new shower head - 24 hour buses on the road…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or50-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Simply Horrible. Avoid at all costs! ,Horrible. Not suitable and definitely not 4 star!  The hotel is a disgrace. It is billed as a 4 star on Booking.com but it does not even classify as a 2 star. We were given a Lower Ground Floor which meant a basement room next to the kitchen with meant bad smell throughout and early morning noise that woke us up at 6am.   The room was also too small and old and did not have good ventilation. Fitted carpet was dirty. Wifi was extremely slow.   Avoid this hotel as it will ruin your time in London ,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or50-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Tired ,"It's tired, and the communal areas smell of cigarette smoke. But, the room was clean, the bed comfortable, the shower hot, and there were plenty of tea bags and biscuits. Good location and cheap for London. ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or50-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avoid. Seriously consider other options. At all cost.,"Reminiscent of a school dormitory in a sad state of despair rather than a 4-star hotel. We were given a stuffy, dilapidated room at the basement, adjacent to the kitchen and were woken up at 6:30am every morning due to the clattering of cutlery and nauseating odor of fried food. Room dimensions were appalling and the third ‘bed’ consisted in an archaic, dusty sofa-bed with an uncomfortable mattress.  WiFi was frustratingly nonfunctional, as was the bathroom’s water heating system. Photos on booking.com are deceptively misleading. This place is in dire need of a serious face lift.   Avoid at all cost unless you’re planning to partake in a ghetto-experience",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or50-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",A Dump,"We stayed here for two nights. Given a room in the basement (LG1) next to breakfast room. Apart from being given an old dirty sofa bed as a third bed, the room is stuffy, dirty, noisy and has a disgusting smell. Its disgusting. Embarassing.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or55-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Over night stay for theatre,"We stayed here while in London to see Aladdin in Soho. Location was perfect, just a short stroll to old Compton street. Room was very spacious and clean with a super comfy bed. Staff were friendly and polite. Breakfast was average but served quickly. I would be happy to stay here again next time we are in London. ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or55-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","For the money, it's great!","I stayed here for one night for a business trip, after booking due to price and location. I read the reviews after booking and was then pretty worried!  But I needn't have been! Yes, the rooms are small. But they're clean and fully equipped. You even get tea, coffee AND biscuits (nice tea bags too!).   I thought the room was cozy, definitely big enough for just me, and unless you're planning on spending your whole trip in the room, I don't see the size of them being a problem.  The staff were really friendly and helpful. And the breakfast was lovely. Far better than any of the big chain budget hotels!   If you need a nice place to stay on a budget, I'd recommend here.  If you're wanting luxury, then expect to pay far more than the single bed price of £55/night for a hotel in…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or55-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Great location for the sights,  theatres and shopping.","Our room on the top floor was clean and sufficient for our needs. The staff were friendly. The breakfast was very good indeed and was served quickly, fresh and hot. Not much room in the dining room and some had to queue for a table if they came down in the last half hour. Tip, get there in good time! There is no lift so you need to be fit for all the stairs, especially if you're on the top floor!  Very well situated for the theatres, Oxford street is just a five minute stroll away. Five minutes to the nearest tube station, Goodge St. Plenty scope for eating out locally and for pubs etc.  Altogether a very good cheap choice for a few days in the capital, excellent value for money.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or55-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very bad experience and so rudes,"Booking point com duplicated for mistake the reservation of my room, when trying to cancel one of them the system canceled everything. But the cavendish hotel (in lowercase) charged me 100% of all the value of the rooms without having enjoyed them, I tried to reach an agreement thanks to the good offices of a Booking point com employee, but the director of this bad hotel He refused to reimburse me for anything, at least the value of one of the rooms, since I recognize that reservations have limitations. I expected a friendly gesture, I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THAT HOTEL, I do not recommend it. It seems to me that the way they treat guests when these errors occur is abusive. The cordiality has been lost, and I will exert all the possibilities to complain in social networks against…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or55-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Extra small room with extra small bed (for 2),"For two people we got a ""double bed"" like +-100cm wide. The room was small , dirty and smelly as well. For the last night they put us to a bigger one, but we already lost the motivation, even if that room was bigger and more comfrtable. The food was really good, the waitresses were friendly.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or60-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",WE WERE BURGLED!,"We attempted to stay here last night. Room ok very average, not a 4 star as it claims. When we get back from our west end show, our door was almost hanging off and the door frame on the bed with screws on the floor. The lock smashed in and all our belongings tipped out and been rifled through. All my coins from my purse thrown across the bed. Had our phones and bank with us thank goodness so nothing of value to be taken.  The reception man couldn’t of cared less! I was shouting for him to call the police and he didn’t! I had to make him come and look at the damage on the property. We got a little sorry out of him. I was crying, shaking and am pregnant and didn’t even get offered a glass of water or was asked if I was ok. Got our money back and got out as quickly as we could.…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or60-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","If I could give it 0, I would!","I don't really think I need to write a review, just take a look at the pictures! Would you stay there?!   All I got when I spoke to someone at the front desk was ""we're very sorry sir"". Well, if you were sorry, why allow rooms in this state to be booked out?   Pic two, three and four are of the bathroom. First of all, the toilet is too close to the sink to use... Secondly, the side unit is cracked... Thirdly, look how clean it is (sarcastic face).  The last photo is of the main bedroom. What's the door for on the left you may ask? It's actually the back door to a rather smelly back yard to the hotel! Let me tell you the blackout blind does little to keep the smell, or the noise from staff having a ""fag break"" out the room!  Final comments... Thank God it was only a three night…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or60-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",DON'T!,My partner and I stayed here for one night whilst visiting London to see a West End show as part of my 30th Birthday celebrations. The hotel is in a good location for the theatres and this is its ONLY positive point!  This hotel is awful and essentially needs to be thoroughly investigated by Environmental Health! Genuinely surprised it had never appeared on Ramsey's Hotel Hell - ironically what we were watching on the TV the morning we checked out.  When we arrived the man on the reception desk barely acknowledged we had arrived - there was no welcome or smile - it was a systematic request for name and then signing of the details. We were offered either a room on the third floor or a room on the lower ground floor - we opted for the third floor. There was no offer to help with…,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or60-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",The pits,"Not a good place to stay at all.  Small cramped room in basement near to breakfast room .  Bed too small with a lean on it.  Shabby decor, hairdryer broken, shower barely worked.  Only positive is that is well located and central.  Avoid this one",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or60-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Beware of their website,"Despite the charming photo at the entrance (true to life picture), behind the front door is entirely different. The website stated 'recently refurbished'. If this is true, then that must've been at least 20 years ago. At best the overall condition of wall panelling and was 'grimy' the doors were filthy with blackened greasy marks. Complimentary toiletries, 2 small soaps, 1 shampoo & conditioner. Water pressure in shower shocking. Bathroom had mould on ceiling and little effort to scrub it off walls had been made. The edges of the room were un-vacuumed and skirting boards extremely dusty - especially in the breakfast room. Was very warm inside and efforts to open window difficult as it was rotten and outside sill full of rubbish and discarded cigarette butts. Three extremely…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or65-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avoid ,We Stayed here for one night and that was way too much-please avoid this 'hotel' at all costs.The rooms were awful and dirty and it is not a hotel experience-couldn't possibly stay for breakfast......,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or65-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Stay away,"Straight to the point: stay away!  I've been here for 3nights with my girlfriend, as soon as arrived it was clear that pictures on the website were not at all representative of reality! The bedroom was old and extremely small. No comments about the bathroom, especially for shower and sink. But on top of this, everything there was deeply dirty and even after having brought our complains to the staff, they didn't do  anything to fix the situation(they did the same with other guests). In two words: not recommended!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or65-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Apalling excuse for a hotel!!!,"Do not stay here unless you are desperate. The room was on the ground floor, behind the reception. G4  Very noisy, complimentary toiletries consisted of three small round soaps. One double plug socket. Shower was dirty, and looked like it had been just added into the corner of the room. Overlooked the back of what looked like a dirty room at the back of the kitchen. Everything looked grubby and dirty, old. The window frame was rotting and hanging away from the wall. Didn't dare venture to look at the mattress, due to being very tired and needed somewhere to sleep. Due to the general overall condition of this 'place' we didn't want to risk eating here, despite the price included breakfast. Wish I had read the reviews before booking.  Live and learn!!!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or65-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Smelly and disgusting,It has to be against living regulations to offer rooms that are smaller than 1m. This hotel has rooms of that size where you cannot open your suitcase and cannot sleep for feat that the ceiling is going to collapse on your head. Information about room sizes is not explicit and the charges suggest one is booking a single room of a normal size. Yet the greed of the people who run it is unbelievable as they have turned a landing into a single room with a bathroom. Everything is dilapidated and smelly.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or65-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not a Bad Place... For The Price.,"The hotel is very modest, and I couldn't expect much for the price we paid - cheaper than any other hotel with a good location. As a matter of fact, it I had to summarize it in a single word, it would be ""location"". The hotel is located just two blocks from the (amazing) British Museum. The guys at the front desk are really nice too. We stayed in a room on the ground floor, right behind the front desk, but we were surprised by the fact it wasn't noisy at all. The English Breakfast is not for us - definitely. Beside the scrambled eggs, tomato and beans there were also six slices of toast. The room itself was ok, although it wasn't very clean. At least the curtains were very dirty. The shower's drain was clogged the day we arrived, but we asked the guy at the desk and when we came…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or70-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Dirty, run-down, awful - AVOID","Had the misfortune to stay here one night in June. The hotel was booked by work and I'm guessing that they hadn't read the previous reviews.  I arrived with a colleague and it seemed to take the two men on reception by surprise that someone was trying to check in. As others have noted, they were not particularly welcoming or friendly.   My room was a decent size and could be quite nice with some care and attention. Instead it was grubby - fingerprints on the wallpaper, stains above skirting boards, the lamp shade was filthy, there was a thick coating of dust above the window. The bathroom and bedding appeared to be relatively clean but there was a musty smell throughout the room.  It took me a few minutes to notice that there was a pronounced slant to the floor that had been…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or70-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Average,"Nice room, good bed. Free Wi-Fi is nice but didn't work in our room on the lower ground floor. Quite frustrating to have to enter the lobby to use wifi. This hotel is vet inflexible despite being relatively expensive. Booked and paid ahead of time but the hotel wouldn't allow me to move my 5-night stay to one day later. Disappointed about that.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or70-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Unless you want to sleep it's ok,"Our room was LG1 and was in between the kitchen and breakfast room. We were woken up at around 6 am by clashing crockery. This went on until after 9.30. So, an unexpectedly early start. You get free Wifi. Unfortunately it doesn't work. We had two IPads and two smart phones and none would pick up the Wifi. Room was a reasonable size and clean enough. Bathroom was ok. Breakfast was quite nice.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or70-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Our over night at the Cavendish,"First the Booking.com gave this hotel **** omg no way I will gave this * stars. The room very hot no AC, with window that will not stay open so I had to hold it open by putting a bin to wedge it open . Door to the room not locking , bathroom floor tiles loose , bathroom exractor didn't work as it was clogg up with fluff. If you like going up one lot of stair  down an other with  cases to get to your room then book this hotel. oh yes breakfast in the basement that it was ok. and the guy reception helpful . Location was good as it was only 10 minutes walk from places to eat and visit . Very rundown and need a good make over not only paint on the outside . Will I stay there again maybe in 10 years time when it  refurb!!!! Not suitable for disable people or older people no Lift very…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or70-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Tired hotel. Find somewhere else even if on a budget.,"Good stuff  - Friendly staff, comfy and clean bed, great location (only 5 minutes to Goodge Street and two stops to Leicester Square. Bad stuff - No lift (and we were on the 3rd floor) so you need a certain level of fitness. Bedroom baking hot as no aircon and small windows. Bathroom poor and musty smelling. Broken bathroom fittings. Decor all round tired and dated. Breakfast was chaotic - we had to clear are own table as more guests than seats, all food was microwaved. Garden was overgrown so we were not allowed outside.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or75-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Typical (1970's) British hotel - pretty bad!,"Due to a travel booking error on a business trip, I didn't have hotel accommodation for my second night in London so I booked this hotel via a website. It was advertised as four-star and was priced accordingly (£185 for a single room).  Had I known what to expect, I would have booked into a youth hostel and saved a few quid. The room was tiny - roughly the same size as an average en-suite bathroom - with the bed shoved up against the window. The en-suite was the size of an average wardrobe and the shower cubicle resembled a coffin.  The décor was dated and in desperate need of a refresh. Walls were cracked and paint was peeling. The carpet was stained and in need of a thorough vacuum. Grout was missing from tiles in the en-suite, several floor tiles were loose, and mould was…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or75-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Clean room,"Great location, staff very helpful and friendly. Room was small, but spotless. Bed was comfortable and plenty of hot water in the shower. Room includes a wonderful English breakfast with great service in the breakfast room. Able to walk to all the sites in London.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or75-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great value for money,Booked this hotel for a quick 1 night stay for hospital visit.  Read some of the reviews after booking and was quite worried.  I had no need to be concerned.  Met at the desk with a friendly smile.  Room was great (201).  Very clean and loads of fresh clean towels.  Large bed and plenty of room in the bedroom.  Bathroom was fine and also very clean.  Breakfast was lovely and the staff were friendly and helpful.  Just right location for us.  A great price and worth every penny.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or75-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great value for money,"Location excellent for exploring all the sights literally just around the corner from Euston Station ,room was clean and modern with tea and coffee making facilities full English  breakfast and fresh fruit  would highly recommend we stayed 2 nights and would stay here again",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or75-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",City break ,The hotel is very basic but has everything you need. The staff are very friendly and helpful. If your staying here ask for a room at the back as the front is so noisy with traffic it's hard trying to get to sleep. It's a great location for easy access to Euston and lots round about to see and do. ,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or80-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Stayed here because of the location,"Stayed here because of the location, but will probably not stay here it next time. Comfortable enough and the breakfast was lovely,  but I suppose you get what you pay for. Worth it if you cant find anythingelse",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or80-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Alright for a 1-night stay,"This hotel, in a townhouse, is in a historic part of London, and handy for Goodge Street tube station. The room was comfortable and adequate for our purpose. However, the curtain pelmet was caked with dust and cobwebs were hanging from the corner of the ceiling in our room 107 on the first floor. Breakfast provided us with a good choice but the cooked breakfast we ordered arrived far too quickly when we hadn't even started our cereals yet. The hot food was nice but bacon very overcooked.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or80-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Poor quality hotel in need of refurb!!,"I stayed overnight for work, which was booked by my work colleague so didn't know what to expect. Reception was ok and we were greeted by a nice gentleman but we were too early to check in. We returned at 10pm to find they had ran out of room cards so we had to be let in by the hotel guy and if we left the rooms we was advised to return to reception and he would let us back in our room, not ideal! My room was on the lower ground floor just off the breakfast room. The room itself looked 'ok' from a distance, but closer up wallpaper patches were pealing or missing, cobwebs were hanging in ceiling corners and the curtain pelmet was covered in dust. The shower ceiling had mould growing on as did parts of the shower cubicle. The view from my window was into a basement yard area that…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or80-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Theatre Break ,Spent 2 nights below average hotel the sofa bed was a nightmare the springs stuck in my sons back all night.  Great location staff present however the hotel is run down and could do with a good clean the breakfast was ok however the breakfast room is very small and in the basement all the tables are very close together ,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or80-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not awful - basic and worn but great location!,"After reading some of the reviews posted about this hotel, me and my partner were dreading our stay. However, upon arrival we found the receptionist to be very pleasant and our room to be clean and warm.  It was very basic, and the features were worn and dated, however we paid very cheaply and that was what we expected. The bathroom was spotless, and shower very powerful, which was good. Breakfast was basic again, and for the vegetarian option you can expect egg and beans with toast.  The location is brilliant! Really close to Goodge Street underground, and not too far from Tottenham Court Road underground - also a 12 minute walk from Euston.  Overall you shouldn't expect luxury from this place, however it was clean and warm and in a fantastic location.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or85-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"We booked this hotel as a cheap overnighter when visiting London for a theatre trip. I read a couple of the previous reviews on the way up to town and was dreading what we would find! But it was fine. It is conveniently located for the tube so easy to get in and out of town. We booked a family room, which had a king sized bed plus a single sofa bed for my teenage son. There was plenty of room even with the extra bed. The shower room was adequate with plenty of hot water. We all had a good night's sleep in a clean, warm, quiet room. The decor was a bit tired and the bathroom could do with re-tiling but everywhere was clean.  The breakfast was well cooked and plentiful; they do a decent scrambled egg not rubbery like a lot of places. It was not a luxury hotel and I agree that 4…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or85-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Horrific,"Do not ever stay in this hotel.. It is not fit for humans to stay in. The walls were damp, the windows rattled. It was freezing with no heating. There were fittings missing everywhere. PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or85-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",4 star? you're having a laugh,"I was booked in to the single (cabin) room and checked in close to midnight after a long days work. The room was tiny as expected, but i didn't expect bare floorboards, not even a rug. There was nowhere to put my clothes except on the floor or in my bag and the shower head was disgusting. The kettle would only work if the switch was held down and when it did boil i found that there was no milk in the room. The room was on the ground floor at the rear of the property. Outside the barred window was a big heap covered with plastic sheeting. As it was raining there was a constant loud drip-drip-drip all night long as water from the roof/gutter poured onto the plastic sheeting, keeping me awake. Breakfast was disappointing and the dining room depressing. The hotel is in desperate…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or85-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",1st stay was ok,A bit tired but was clean and tidy with a decent room. Staff were friendly and efficient at reception and breakfast. I had a quiet room at the back of the hotel. The location is very good; 5 mins walk to Euston,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or85-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Awful,Awful Awful Awful . This is Not a four star hotel -more like a one ! Dirty . No customer service. Rude staff . Don't waste your money ! The room was small and cramped . Smallest double bed ever right up against the window. Bathroom floor dirty as was shower. Lampshade marked. No help with luggage yet two flights up ! See for yourself in the photos . Ruined our first night in London ! What must foreign tourists think of they end up here and think it's a four star ! I should have read the reviews before I went. Misrepresentation of a four star !!!,Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or90-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good Little Hotel with a great location,"I don't understand whats so bad about this hotel. It's obviously not one of your overpriced major branded hotel chains but its perfect for a short stay in the capital. We stayed at this hotel in room 103, lovely warm room looking onto the main road. Most people wouldn't like being next to the road. But to say its a busy road there was minimal noise heard from the room.  I've got to admit the whole hotel interior is quite old and tattered but that didn't bother us. As a hotel is a hotel and all you really do is sleep in it.  The location is amazing too just a short walk from covent gardens and the big attractions. Anyway back to the room, the rooms are not modern however this gives it a more warm cosy feel. We was provided with towels and toiletries and a full coffee kit. The…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or90-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Abysmal stay,"There is little redeeming features about this hotel, if at all. Upon arrival we were taken to an unpleasent smelling (damp and stale food) basement room, with peeling walls and uncomfortable bed. I really would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or90-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Decent hotel and cheap ,Stayed here for one night. Not flash but basic and decent. The room was clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly and allowed me to leave my bags in the reception while I went to my meeting as the room was not to be available until the afternoon. Very pleased with that! ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or90-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Cheap but not 'cheerful! ,"This is the only room we could get under £150, everything else was around the £200 mark. (9/12/16, a Friday night)  On the 3rd floor, with the room that was through a fire exit on the 2nd floor we eventually found the room. It stank as soon as we opened the door! Musty, dusty and dirty! The bed and linen was clean, floors and room not so much.  Bathroom, like a caravan add on, and really smelt disgusting!  Towels clean but on the cheap side.  Ok for a place to lay your head if your aren't fussy!  Breakfast was ok. NOT a four star by any stretch of the imagination! ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or90-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",I liked it,"I booked a cabin room because it was cheap. It was the best cheap room I could find for the date and it came with breakfast. The location was so good and I was only staying one night so I didn't read reviews. I'm glad I didn't as I might have missed out.   The reception was friendly and I was given clear directions to my room. I was expecting small (single cabin room which I presumed was fancy talk for seriously small). It was tiny! Not a lot bigger than a king sized bed in total area not including the teeny bathroom.   The room somehow managed to comprise of a little lobby with access to the bathroom, a wardrobe, desk, stool, kettle etc, hairdryer. There was almost enough room to swing a cat as the layout made the most of a space most hotel chains would consider to be a small…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or95-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Somewhere to crash,"As the title suggests this hotel serves the simple purpose of somewhere to sleep after a day's work/travel in London.   After being surprised at the low price advertised on booking.com for a 4 star hotel (definitely not 4 stars) I booked a single room for 2 nights.   To say it was a single room was an understatement, I am just 6ft and found the room difficult to manoeuvre around. The door would open on to what appeared to be not even a single bed in size, with a wardrobe suitable for fitting about 3 items of clothing.  The bathroom wasn't much bigger with the sink positioned so close to the toilet making it... Well you know... Difficult.  However I cannot say a bad word about the staff, check in was swift and informative without being too long winded and the room was cleaned and…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or95-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Disgusting,Horrible experience - this is the worst Hotel I have ever stayed in. Very worn - and overall just highly overpriced. Dirty and smelly rooms - needs serious cleaning. Bedsheets had stains and towels were not clean... DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or95-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avril Bain and Evan Monkman,"The biggest disappointment ever - what a dump couldn't stay and managed to get out money back. Phew!!!!!!  Avoid at all costs. Room was tiny double bed was even smaller and room was full of cobwebs. Opened the visitors book and guess what it said.  Yip. ""What a dump""",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or95-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",This is NOT a four star hotel.,"I left after an hour throwing £260 down the drain, but I could not stay here. I quickly found another place on booking.com (twenty Nevern Square) and was relieved to find a clean beautiful properly rated four star hotel.  The Cavedinsh was dirty and depressing. From the carpets to the cushions on the bed.  The staff were not prepared to clean the room, but said they'd Change the food covered cushions on the bed.  Anyway, I was only in London two nights and wanted a pleasant stay in a clean, nice hotel. What a let down this hotel was.  No refund at all, this hotel is not nice and definitely NOT FOUR STAR!!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or95-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Book somewhere else!,"Booked this hotel for a business trip, guest arrived after a long day / train journey to be allocated a ""harry potter under the stairs"" sized room with no carpe right next to the kitchen.  Granted the description says ""small cabin sized room"" but this is definitely not worthy of 4 star rating - they are making £85/£100 a night out of a room that should be no more than a broom cupboard.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or100-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avoid.....,"The manager has after 2 months still not refunded 2 nights (I checked out because of very bad room). After 4 different promises and as many excuses from the manager I consider this money as lost. Totally bogus, stay away.  Sluggish receptionistst.  My room (cabin) was extremely small and claustrophobic, really bad choice in summer lacking A/C! Free floor area just about 25 sq feet so just bring a tooth brush. Very cramped, worn, and not clean. Friendly breakfast staf though.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or100-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great location!,"We stayed there one week, staff was helpful and room was nice, breakfast is delicious , location was great! You can be at the British Museum in 7 minutes on food and bus station is so close , tube aswell. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or100-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Good location and breakfast, but it ends there!","We stayed at the Hotel Cavendish on Monday night this week. We found it very easily and it's only a 5 minute walk from Goodge Street station, in a very nice area. We got checked in and out room was ready around 10 minutes later. We booked a triple room for ourselves and our 6 year old son. In the room was a super king sized bed and a single sofa bed, which the man on reception said someone would go in later on to set up. The small bathroom (which was basically built into a corner of the room) was clean and had a double sized shower.  We were out and about in London all day and got back to the hotel around 8.30 to find the sofa bed had been set up. It was as hard as a rock with a 'mattress' that was around 2"" thick, every single spring could be felt so our son said he would sleep…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or100-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Worst hotel that I have ever seen!,"I booked 2 rooms here in July, for 3 nights. A double for me and my wife, and a single for my nephew. I was asked to pay the full amount (£630) when we arrived. I booked through Booking.com, as I always have done in recent years. We went to our rooms (carrying the cases up the stairs as there is no lift!!) and found that both rooms were dirty and looked shabby. They have not been decorated in a long time.  The windows were dirty, the back was missing off the TV remote control, the carpet was badly worn. The bathrooms were not even clean.The towels were threadbare. I went downstairs and complained. I requested a refund as I didn't want to stay there. The hotel management refused.We left the hotel about 15 minutes after our arrival.  I contacted  Booking.com, and unfortunately…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or100-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Okay hotel with great location,"This hotel was okay and it worked well the two nights we stayed there. Unfortunately me managed to time the hottest days in London and this hotel did not have air condition. We were given a room on the ground floor as this was said to be the coolest. It was still very hot but I suspect that in comparison with the other rooms, this was okay.  It was nicely decorated and clean and the staff was very friendly. The breakfast was not very big but we were given the choice of a full English breakfast.  The location was great with about a 30 minute walk to Camden town and a 10 minute walk down to Oxford street.  This hotel was good for a few nights and apart from the lack of AC it was comfortable.  I would consider this hotel in the future based on its great location. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or105-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not great.,"The hotel was in a great location right near both Goodge Street and Russell Square station. The breakfast was good at the girls at breakfast were very helpful. The rooms were made up daily. The bad however outweighs the good. The hotel is supposed to have a 24 hour reception, when we arrived at 1.30am after a late arrival of our flight, there was no one on reception. It was clear someone was around as the computer was on, the bag was there, but no one in sight. We rung the phone, the bell, I wandered all through the hotel trying to find somebody. Eventually almost half an hour later, the person who was supposed to be on reception arrived, coming down the stairs tucking in his shirt. It was clear he must have been having a nap.... Given I had to get up for work at 7am, I was less…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or105-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",last minute terrible choice,"I had to travel at short notice to London and needed a hotel in this location. I ended up paying 212E for a single bedroom up in the attic with the dodgiest bathroom ever! The room was small, dark, torn curtain, filthy remote control, noisy and 53 steps up in the attic! only positive was nice staff ! might have been ok if the rate had not been so ridiculously expensive. Lesson learnt to book in time !!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or105-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","helpful reception, clean rooms, good location","visiting London, we found the hotel to be traditionally decorated, clean, respectable, very helpful reception (allowing us to keep luggage in reception even on the last day so we could enjoy the rest of the day without lugging baggage)  the hotel room had good facilities, however the traffic was very heavy on the main road very early in the morning. breakfast was the very basic English, do not expect much , being vegetarian, they became very confused that we did not want any bacon nor sausage and had to send it back several times before the requested food finally arrived, the eggs rather under cut when finally right. the staff were always polite and location convenient for Euston station and Goodge street tube.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or105-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Don't expect much,"Smallest bedroom in the world, bed isn't even as big as a double ,ripped net curtains also black from road grim, couldn't even sit on the toilet properly as your knees hit the door, and then to top it the worlds smallest TV didn't work  Pleasant staff and breakfast average to sump it up its more of a hostel than a hotel!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or105-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great experience if you are a borrower. ,"If you are looking for a noisy, small and unkempt hotel this is the best place in town. Stayed here for 5 nights and had about 10 hours sleep all week as the noise from all bedroom sides and the road is terrible. My room was so small you could not move around safely and had to keep moving my belonging from bed to floor. The absolute highlight was breakfast coffee ☕. Instant coffee in a cafetiere!!!!!! Unless you are desperate I would avoid. ",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or110-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not brilliant but good value hotel in Central London,"Had a recent one night stay at The Cavendish when attending a course in central London. First thing to say is, at this price point for London (c. £100 per night), don’t expect The Ritz!  But there are certainly a number of positives – you’re in a great location in Gower Street, ideally placed for ‘Fitrovia’, all the restaurants in Charlotte Street and for the West End generally (15 – 20 minutes away). The staff are friendly both at reception and in the breakfast room. The breakfast is also very good – as long as you’re happy with a ‘Full English’! The hotel is also generally clean and tidy, as was the room, and the shower was excellent – powerful with plenty of hot water. On the negative side, the hotel did feel a little bit tired and shabby. In the room, the TV remote didn’t…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or110-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Pleasant staff,"I stayed here with my wife, as we needed a base close to Euston. The hotel was rated 3-4 star on booking.com. reality was its more of a 2-3 star version. the hotel has a cramped feel, with small rooms and narrow stairs and corridors. The staff are really friendly and couldnt do enough to help. Breakfast was cooked to order and a good strt to the day. The bathrooom was retrofitted into the room, and after a shower you kind of felt dirtier than when you went in, mainly due to the manky shower head. Wifi was free but unstable, and the flatscreen TV was a lot smaller than expected. a double room meant two singles pushed together. taking that into account, the location was ideal. but it did feel like student accom rather than a 3-4star hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or110-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Satisfactory hotel,"This hotel is satisfactory if you are willing to trade prime location (for visiting University College London) and good breakfast for a microscopic room with limited amenities.  In its favor are the excellent location for visitors to University College London (across Gower St from UCL) and excellent English breakfasts.  The breakfast is cooked to order and includes eggs, grilled tomatoes, bacon or sausage, toast, fresh fruit, tea, juice, etc.    The room was clean and the plumbing is modern and works.  Although the bed was harder than I like, I slept well.  The staff were pleasant and willing to help when asked.  However, there are a number of disadvantages.  While many American hotel rooms are unnecessarily large and most European rooms are smaller, my room at the Hotel…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or110-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Much better than expected,"Great location in London, reception staff very friendly, room was very clean and well maintained. Impressed with the breakfast , plenty of choice and real ground coffee ! Would not hesitate to stay here for ease of access, no frills quick visit to London",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or110-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Don't bother,"I stayed here for one night. I chose it as it was close to Euston for an early train the following morning. The double room consisted of two single beds pushed together. Fine, but one was higher up than the other! The sheets didn't exactly smell fresh. The bedside light didn't work. Lighted flooded in from the hallway into the room. Unsurprisingly I didn't have a very good night's sleep! All this for a bargain £135 a night.  My email of complaint was duly ignored.  Never stay here.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or115-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"Me and my girlfriend stayed at the hotel for one night. The chap at the front desk was very helpful and offered to help take our bags to our room. We arrived early and asked if there was a safe place to leave our bags and we were told we could simply leave them next to the desk and he would look after them. Which he did!   The room was a decent size, though the bed was a 3/4. Only issue with the room was there were some broken tiles in the bathroom that wobbled as you walked on them. A full English breakfast was on offer, which was cooked fresh to order, alongside a small buffet of juices, cereals, tea and coffee.   Only major problems were the WIFI, which was truly abysmal (would've been quicker to send a telegraph than an email) and the layout of the hotel itself. If you…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or115-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Dont Even Bother Booking,"Stayed at this hotel 19.03 for one night. My Eurostar was delayed so rescheduled for the following day, so needed a hotel room for the night. On booking.com it rates 4star, So i trusted and booked. 4 stars i would struggle to give it 2 stars. On arrival around 8.30 - 9pm, one lady on the reception and man, Very unfriendly people and basically felt i was more of a nuisance wanting to have a room than a guest. I asked if they had a double room he just said no this is the only room left, A lie i know as rooms available on Booking.com but offered no discount for single traveler. So i thought ok nice attitude, Then breakfast is only from 7:30 - 9:30 really?? especially on a Sunday another let down, I asked the checkout time and he told me 10:30, but later when checking my…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or115-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very basic hotel conveniently located,"Well, the reason we stayed there is its location, conveniently located between St Pancras train station and the British Museum. It is also quite cheap compared to other hotels in central London. Apart from that, the room was tiny, smelly, very basic and would really need some renovation. Cleanliness could also be improved...",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or115-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Worst Experence,"I booked this hotel without reading review, I only read the review when we were in the room- This was a massive mistake.  This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Myself and my partner were over for three days on business and the thought of going back to the hotel at night put us both in bad form. The room is tiny, barely had enough room for our suitcases. The double bed is a bit bigger than a single bed. Wifi was terrible. Staff were OK. We had the option of breakfast but decided against it after reading reviews. I have no idea how this is a 4 star. I have stayed in hostels that were better than this hotel.  We couldn't afford to move to another hotel as this one had cost a lot of money.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or115-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good hotel for overnight stay,"Good location for a basic hotel, very clean, friendly staff , small English breakfast,  tea and coffee facilities OK with nice biscuits, 1 bottle of water. Stayed in basement room , noise from staircase & reception so not ideal for light sleepers, but no noise from outside",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or120-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not what I'd booked at all,"Quite disappointed on three counts so I've knocked off one point for each disappointment.     1) Wrong Hotel I had booked for the Arran House next door as I'd stayed there previously, but got put up in the Hotel Cavendish instead.  2) Loud Noise I was 'upgraded' to a room which had a sloping floor, overlooked the busy road despite requesting a quiet room.  When the neighbours shut their door, the wall shook.  3) Cold room The room was freezing - the bed was hard up against the window.  The quilt was made for summer not winter use.  I went to the breakfast room in the morning but after the cold room, it was intolerably hot, so I checked out. Value for money - maybe if it was £20 a night less.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or120-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very bad experience,"I'm not difficult as a person, but i had a very bad experience with this hotel. I had ground floor and tiny room which was located next to the breakfast room (then bad smell and sleepless nights). I had also a garden door in my room (very old, no isolation, then very cold. Walls where old and broken. The heating wasn't working i will definitely not recommand this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or120-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","If you want sewage smelling rooms, blood stained towels and sickness and diarrhoea stay here!!!","Having stayed here before and had a reasonable stay, I thought that it would be good to stay there again when I decided to treat my mum for her birthday. My oh my was I wrong. First I found a blood stained towel in the bathroom and then there was a strange smell coming from there which got worse as the day went on, it became too much too bare so we complained and then were moved into 2 single rooms on 2 separate floors which was not ideal. The next day we went down for breakfast and I wish I hadn't bothered eating it as it was disgusting. After breakfast mum and I went for a walk into London but barely got a street away before my mum (who has had her gall bladder removed, so finds it hard to fight off bugs as it is) started feeling unwell and we had to nip into several cafes for…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or120-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Great Location, good value for money.","Great location, short walk from Euston station and managed to walk to some of the main attractions and places. Comfortable room, basic facilities and breakfast. Had an enjoyable stay and staff were very helpful.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or120-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not a 4 star,Very disappointing and definitely not a 4 star as advertised. I had a single room which was tiny even by London standards. The TV didn't work staff were OK. The hotel is very shabby. My room had a blind with mould on it. Location is central but I would not recommend this hotel particularly if you are looking for a 4 star.,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or125-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Bad smells and sleepless night! ,"There was a strange smell as you walk in, our room was behind the reception and we were hit by the smell of cannabis when we walked in the room! The window was wide open overlooking the jungle  (garden) at the back! We were kept awake most of the night by the man on reception talking loudly. Didn't get what we wanted for breakfast as the girl didn't understand English! Gave up and got breakfast out. Location was only good thing. ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or125-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good hotel for business trip,"I stayed at this hotel whilst attending a conference at Senate House, which is just around the corner. It was in an ideal location for me - I arrived at London Paddington station, and travelled via the underground to Euston Square which is around 400 metres from the hotel. The staff were friendly and efficient. My room was rather small - it was only a cabin single room, but still felt rather cramped, and there was only one electrical socket. The shower room was rather cosy too! Also my room was on the ground floor and had a back door which led right outside to a dark back yard - this looked rather scary and the door only had a basic lock on it, so I didn't feel to happy about leaving my belongings in there when I went to meet a colleague for a coffee. But overall it was a good…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or125-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",So not worth it,"The only good thing about this hotel, is the location. Easy walking distance to Tottenham Court Road, many shops and cafees and two tube stations. However, at the same time this location makes it very noisy, as Gower Street is a fairly busy road, even at night. Then the bad, and oh boy where do i start ? The whole place smells of damp and mould, there is water stains on walls and ceilings everywhere, and peeling paint and plasterwork. From the bathroom there is a stink of raw sewage, and you don't want to walk barefoot over the carpets, which does not appear to have been cleaned for quite a while. For a London hotel room, it is not a bad size, but why is there a dusty camp bed folded up in my room ? The noise level is extreme, from the street, both night and day, and from the…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or125-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good location on a budget,"This hotel met our requirements. Near Euston, ensuite, full English breakfast, tea and coffee making facilities at a budget price. The room was serviced daily and the towels were always new and clean. The breakfast was very good and the staff were attentive. For the price we paid the hotel provided good value for money. ",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or125-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Excellent,From booking in till departure very good. The staff all very polite professional and very helpful. The hotel is ideally placed for theatre shopping and tube.Breakfast great. Just a small change required - hotel information booklet and waste bin in bedroom would be nice. Would recommend 100%,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or130-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","A nice, clean hotel in an interesting part of London","We had a lower ground floor room. It was clean and well equipped. We stayed two nights and the room was serviced beautifully after our first night. The bed was bit hard and it was squashed into a corner which made it difficult for my husband to get out to visit the lavatory during the night but it was very much better than some hotels we have used in London. Breakfast was beautifully cooked and served by two very polite and efficient young women. They were a real credit to the hotel. Overall, it was a nice, friendly hotel in an excellent location for West End theatres, Covent Garden and interesting local shops.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or130-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Brilliant Value for money,"I recently stayed at the Hotel Cavendish for 2 nights with my mother & sister while we visited London to see a show. We arrived early at the hotel and the very friendly reception said we were more than welcome to leave our bags in the lounge area, use the toilets and explore London until our room was ready. We did this happily.  The room was a decent size, large king size bed and a pull out sofa bed (the staff had set the sofa bed ready when we got back from the show that night). The room was clean and bright. Good facilities. The shower room/bathroom was clean and decent.  The breakfast on both mornings was brilliant. Had a choice of fruit and cereals along with a hot cooked breakfast if wanted. There was no issues if you just wanted certain items on the cooked breakfast. I…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or130-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",A little grotty,"There are many similarly priced hotels in the same street. This one offers similarly sized rooms with similar basic facilities. However everything is a little run down and grotty. Walls are dirty, blinds don't work. It's a little grim. Bed was ok and clean but I wouldn't visit again. ",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or130-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Sleepless nights,"Unfortunately this hotel was booked for me on a non- cancellable basis, so I had little choice.  Omens were poor on arrival with a strong smell of industrial cleaning fluid reminiscent of the odour emanating from boy's loos at school after the cleaners have been in.  On checking in, I was told I had a room at the front and this could not be changed as no others were available.  I was assured there would be OK as there were double windows.  Needless to say this was untrue.  The hotel is on Gower Street which has busy traffic through the night and University College hospital up the road.  I tried to sleep with all windows shut, ear plugs firmly in place and a white noise app on the phone to smooth out sounds and deaden their effect.  Even with all this and a sleeping tablet, I got…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or130-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Really not a 4 star property,I am sorry to say there's no way this hotel should be classed as 4 star. I'm not a moaner and this is the first review I've ever chosen to write. But if it helps one person avoid this hotel then my missions a success. The garden looked like a jungle. The windows wouldn't open and had a huge gap above it. The shower was falling to pieces and had no shelf for you to put your shampoo or shower gel on. The tv didn't work. We reported it the 1st night we were there and we're told somebody would be straight up to check it out .  Well he must walk incredibly slowly because two days later he still hadn't arrived! Really not worth the price im my opinion. There must be better options than this for £250 for 2 nights,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or135-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good quality hotel for a low price,"Had to book a double as they don't do twin rooms. Room spotlesslyclean, comfortable, modern. The room was small but we didnt go to London to stay in our room so dont let that put you off. The ensuite small as other reviewers say, but we are both not small people and we managed. Bathroom could have done with a shelf though. Breakfast was good and plenty of choice. This hotel was only 20 mins walk away from the theatre district. Well worth a stay and at only 100 a night for B & B, we don't think you can go wrong.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or135-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Warning - not a 4 star hotel!,"Really disappointed with the hotel as I booked this for my girlfriend's birthday, paying a lot of money for what I was told was a 4-star hotel. The hotel was very dated and worn and our room was terrible. There were huge cracks in the plaster in the walls and ceiling, the main door looked very insecure and the lock was sitting in a crudely made hole in the door, the bedside lampshade looked like it had been trampled, the carpet and sideboard was dusty and the bathroom was an oddly constructed cabin structure in the bedroom. The bathroom itself wasn't too bad apart from being a bit worn and no hot water in the sink. Bitterly disappointed - I paid £450 for 2 nights and should have gone to a Travelodge/Holiday Inn/etc for a cheaper and better experience when all things considered.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or135-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Extremely small rooms, a lot of dust","The rooms was extremely small (2m by  3m) and the bathroom was carved from this surface so the room got even smaller and you were just barely able to walk in it.   A lot of dust everywhere I had to do some extra cleaning by myself. The shower is small and crammed and it doesn't even have a shelf to put your shampoo and soap while you are in the shower making it very inconvenient.  The breakfast was the same every day (eggs, bacon, beans, tomatos).  All in all it was the worst hotel i have ever been to. A college bedroom is better accommodation that this. In Romania you would not get even 1 star for such poor quality.  Not to mention that the WIFI is a total joke. Every 2 minutes you would get disconnected for quite a long time(sometimes 20-30 secs , sometimes whole minutes). The…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or135-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Totally absurd that it's rated at 4 stars!,"The tiny single rooms are more cramped than a prison cell. There's literally no legroom in the bathroom, the sink is just a bit larger than a cereal bowl and the shower is half-clogged. The overall cleanliness is unsatisfactory. The Wi-Fi connectivity fluctuates a lot.  If this ""hotel"" is ranked 4 (four!!!) stars in London, then the accomodation standards in that city must be abysmal.  Do yourself a big favour and avoid this place at all costs. The entire vicinity seems deplorable anyway, so avoid anything on the Gower street. There's no way you can't find better places at the same price or maybe even less in the nearby areas.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or135-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not terrible,"My friends and I weren't totally convinced by the photos when we booked, but needed somewhere for a short stay at short notice. The room was actually quite big and bright and surprisingly cheerful. The triple room only had a double bed and a pull out sofa (not the comfiest) but wasn't altogether terrible. The bathroom seemed fairly new and was very clean. The wifi didn't seem to work at all for me and there was a stain on one of the bed sheets, but overall the room did its job for a busy weekend stay. Fairly easy walk from Euston station which made it ideal for us to travel to the events we had planned.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or140-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Awful,Let's get the few positives dealt with first. The guy at reception was pleasant and the wifi worked. It stops there.   The room was so tiny that I could turn the main light off and be in bed before it got dark. There was an old fireplace which was probably damaged during the blitz and hasn't been repaired since!! I also suspect that the room hadn't been decorated since the early 1940's either. There was no hot water for 2 of the 3 nights I was there and the shower was really no more than a mist. Probably just as well as a real shower would have been even colder. The orange velour blind was broken so it hung at a 45 degree angle half way up the window.   All this for the princely sum of £115 per night. The website I booked through claimed it as 4 star......absolute rubbish. Maybe…,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or140-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Go find the city dump,"Because you'll be more comfortable there.  Oh, and make sure when you book to pay the extra to enable you to cancel after you back out of the hotel.  If not they will keep your money for the whole time that you've booked.  Poor communications and a manager who will avoid you at all costs.  Rooms are not clean so be sure you're recent with your shots.  Don't waste your time here.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or140-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Worst room, disappointedly small","To be honest, I never experience a hotel with a room like this. The floor was not level, the furniture is stable. The room is so small and it cost me £100 a night. It's just ridiculous, I'm sure there are much better hotel round with the same price or even. However, staff are friendly and nice breakfast.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or140-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",ENJOYABLE STAY,"We stayed over the weekend and found the hotel conveniently placed for our needs. The staff were particularly helpful, friendly and approachable. When we have stayed in other hotels in London this has not been the case. We used the car park next to the Hotel and on our journey home when we got in the car there was a bottled water and a tin of mints which we both felt was a very nice touch, and rounded off a wonderful stay. Would not hesitate to book again when we are next in London.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or140-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Certainly worth considering,"I stayed with my son, and when I asked for a room with two separate beds, I was immediately upgraded at no extra cost.  The room was warm and comfortable, plentiful supplies of tea bags/coffee/milk/biscuits, renewed daily.  There was a good supply of clean towels, changed daily, and an excellent power shower.  The room was cleaned daily and beds made.  Breakfast was self service and cooked breakfast served by waitresses.  There was more than enough food and plenty to drink.  I would certainly return here.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or145-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Better than expected ,"I have to admit I was apprehensive about our stay here having read the reviews on TI (the ones on booking.com were more positive) but to echo the feelings of the last reviewer it really wasn't so bad. Ok it could all do with a lick of paint but our room was fine. It was clean, tidy and had everything we needed. It's not fancy or plush but for £85 a night to be so close to all the attractions of London you can't really complain. The staff were also very friendly and helpful. I can't comment on how breakfast tasted as we decided to go and explore rather than eat at the hotel but it looked nice when we walked by! ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or145-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Judge for yourself,We stayed in room 101 on Sat 31st of Jan 2015. We only stayed 1 night but from check in to check out had no problems. The room was clean tidy and warm shower fine. Ok not the Ritz but also not the pits. For the price we paid excellent value for money. The breakfast was fine plenty of it and good quality.All staff including the waitresses very helpful and pleasant. So do as we did judge for yourself you may be surprised.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or145-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Glad I was a skinny visitor!,For once I was glad to be a skinny person! The room (202) was absolutely teeny. It was described as a cabin room and I guess the size does equate to the likes of a cabin on a boat!  The bed was walled in at 3 sides and I just about managed to climb in to it. The bathroom was a challenge the door was so narrow and the shower too.   I did get a little lost on the way out what I thought was going to be the reception I ended up going down the wrong stairs and found myself in a random hallway with no exit door. Bit of a safety hazard tbh and mistake I didn't make a second time.   Despite all that the room was clean (although oddly smelling) and in a nice central location.,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or145-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Don't get Room 106,I chose this hotel because of it's location and the reviews it had on booking.com.  The room was very small with the bed right up to the far wall making it difficult to get out for the person on that side.  The blind and the window were dirty and despite trying we were unable to shut the window. The blind was broken and couldn't be lifted so the room was in permanent darkness with very inefficient lighting to compensate. Consequently the noise at night made it very difficult to sleep and the lack of light was very frustrating.  The bedding and bathroom were clean although the shower was very small (no good if you're on the heavy side).  Staff were pleasant enough and the breakfast was adequate but very limited in choice.  Next time in London it will be a Premier Inn or similar…,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or145-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not impressed,"Booked a twin room, arrived at the hotel and was given a double. Not atall suitable given who I was staying with. Asked at reception to be moved to a twin to only to be told that they didn't have any. Why are they advertising twin toom availability if they don't have any twin rooms? Not impressed atall and will be filing a complaint with the hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or150-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Charged twice for my room - no refund,"Expensive for a tiny, dusty room with dirty, ripped sheets and a rusty shower. A maze to get to the top and while we were offered a lower floor room the customer service stopped there.  I was CHARGED TWICE for my stay at this hotel! I assumed this was a mistake and would be corrected immediately but so far staff have been rude. My phone calls are being dodged and no one has replied to the 3 emails I have sent. I am £615 out of pocket now which is 3 weeks of work for me - and I get the feeling management couldn't care less.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or150-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Expensive for what you get.,I chose this hotel due to location and cost.  The old adage of you get what you pay for springs to mind.  The room was small but not as small as a colleagues in the same hotel.  Negatives  1-Cracked pain in window 2-Windows not draught proof 3-Blinds dirty 4-Curtains dirty 5-Floor sloped so felt strange 6-Limescale on shower door 7-communicatiin problems with staff with English as a second language getting order wrong at breakfast.   Positives 1-Clean bed sheets 2-Tea/coffee facilities  3-two packets of two fingers walkers shortbread fingers each day. 4-tv 5-shower was good. 6-sausage in morning was tasty   Overall I would prefer to pay a little more for a better stay.  £460 for 2 people for 2 nights not worth it. ,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or150-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Don't let them put you in the lower ground rooms!,"Unless you want people walking above your head all night and to be disturbed by the incredible number of vehicles that run down Gower Street all night long.    First night, the cold and noise combined to wake me up numerous times. I found the radiator on the second night but had to turn it off as it was too hot!!!  No pleasing some people but the windows were not either sound or weather proofed.    The complimentary breakfast is pretty good.   If you just use the room as a bed to sleep in, that's fine. Although the shower was excellent the seal around it's door wasn't, so the bathroom floor got rather wet.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or150-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Respectable London hotel,"Stayed for one night in August when my father and brother came to visit. Walked in after trying numerous hotels (all of which were fully booked) room had a double bed and a sofa bed for the three of us (not a problem). Slept well, room was well decorated and clean. Only comment would be breakfast; portions were rather small and I did leave still hungry for more cooked food. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or150-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Theft - staff uncooperative,A laptop and all accessories were stolen from my locked room at the Hotel Cavendish. Only hotel staff would have been able to access the room without damaging the lock.  Staff were very unhelpful and never responded to requests for a statement for my insurance,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or155-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very expensive and dirty bedlinen,"The first visit to Hotel Cavendish was fine but on my second visit, I was not impressed.  There were hairs on the pillows. The concierge apologised profusely and replaced them for new clean pillows.  The shower was boiling hot and couldn't be turned to a moderate temperature.  The blinds were dirty and dated and a stained lamp shade on an old plug in lamp, sat on the window ledge.  Very expensive for a poor quality experience. Will not be going back",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or155-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Affordable pleasant stay,"We stayed here on a Friday night for easy access to my exam in the morning. Was quite a pleasant stay on the whole. No major issues during our stay. Room was clean and tidy. Staff pleasant and helpful. Was fairly quiet. Bathroom was sufficient, although the shower could have been more powerful, not much water was coming out at all. Breakfast was a bit sparse but not poorly tasting.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or155-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Friendly staff, shabby for the price","I stayed here one night this week for work and paid £155 for the privilege. At this price, the hotel was poorly maintained and with few facilities, as well as the inevitable small rooms for an older building that had been converted. staff were, however, friendly and there was WiFi.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or155-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Shabby,Not affordable as we booked last minute. The entrance to the hotel is impressive but that's where it finishes. Once you go beyond reception you are into a maze of corridors. The walls in the hall ways are damp. Our room was the best out of the 2 rooms we booked but still it looked tired and dated and in need of TLC. This is not a hotel I will be returning too.,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or155-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great for affordable stay in London in fantastic location,"Having read some of the reviews (and you have to read through the lines as some people have far to high expectations in life!) I didn't expect anything but a basic decent hotel, but we were pleasantly surprised! Yes the hotel is basic, as in there's no grand foyer or modern open rooms..but for goodness sake - when all you need is a clean decent bed to sleep in overnight and a perfectly acceptable breakfast with a friendly reception this hotel is absolutely fine! If you plan to lounge around in your hotel then don't stay here but as we were visiting London and just needed a decent place to put our heads down it was all we needed.  I took 5 children with me and we had 2 triple rooms - the double beds were fine and comfortable however only complaint is that the sofa bed was like a…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or160-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not impressed with this hotel.,"Very tired hotel. Room at the top of two flights of stairs and not very impressive. Bathroom tired, shower cubicle had signs of mould and shower head needed attention - it was unable to be held secure other than by hand and desperately needed de-limescaling. Carpets well vacuumed but very stained. One curtain needed to be attached to rIail at one end.  Close to the Dominion Theatre which is why we chose it, but there was not a good or reasonble choice of decent places to eat. Wouldn't re-visit.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or160-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Blood and urine stained mattress,"I stayed one night in Sept 2014. The bed was unacceptably dirty and the window would not close. Also the pillows were hard and the wifi did not work. I was not offered an alternative room and I emailed the hotel for a full refund, as instructed by their receptionist who told me that he did not have the power to give me a refund. I would expect given such a complaint an immediate response. They have not responded to me.  I arrived late and I pulled back the bed clothes to reveal stains which were not on the sheet but on the cover underneath - yellow urine and two large blood stains. I complained to your receptionist who asked me what he was to do. It it was too late and i was too tired to try and find another hotel. I was not offered another room. The sheet and undersheet were…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or160-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","""Warning Will Robinson"" there are TWO Cavendish hotels!!","For a one night stay in London before joining a Crystal Cruise, a biz colleague told me to stay here...yes this one. So for one night I did not do my usual TA research (especially now that I have my Top Con Badge)  LOCATION: Gower Street is wall to wall with converted old mansions turned hotels. It's in a terrific area and really walkable to lots (too bad a tube stop isn't one of those things close by)  But alas, this one is a dismal excuse for their personal ""4 star"" rating. I am sure that most of the TA reviews you read are mostly true. We witnessed an entirely broken phone system, a guest arguing that she could not even get her suitcase in top floor ""single"" room and countless other complaints.   Just don't put yourself through this. Keep researching.  But in fairness, our…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or160-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Nice people but poor condition,"Small rooms ,nothing works ,old beat up bathroom ,It's was a four flight walk up no lift.the breakfast was ok make sure go get there early or you will wit in line for 30 mins.The location is fair near the British museum but not within a great choice of  resteraunts",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or160-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Hello sailor, fancy a night in a cabin?","This was my first experience for the latest London hotel euphemism for a really small room - a cabin.  It was advertised as such and, with breakfast included, was a reasonable price (for London) at £75.   The location is good - just 2 minutes walk from Goodge Street underground and very handy for the centre of London. The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast room was clean and the meal enjoyable with fast attentive service - but I was the first in and it might get a bit tighter for space later.  Also a 7:30 start is a bit late for some of us business users. The public areas of the hotel appeared clean but a refurb wouldn't go amiss. The bedroom itself was the smallest I have been in with half of the single bed fitting exactly into a small alcove - the bed itself was…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or165-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Small but good,"We stayed for two nights in the weekend. Hotel is close to the metro and walking distance to city centre (trafalger square) which is nice. We had very a small room but very clean and it had everything we needed (nice bed and bathroom). Windows are a bit hard to open and when on the main road side there is some noise, but since you're in the city centre what do you expect. Decent English breakfast which you can order from the staff. Sometimes you have to wait a while for your breakfast due to the few tables.  Reception is ok, but not really interested in you or if you have a good stay. ",None,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or165-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Average,"Excellent location. Near the best of the best in London. Easy public transport everywhere. Nevertheles.....very,very,very small rooms. The baths are new and clean. There is no lifts. The brakefast is not good. Small place to have it so you have to wait. Fortunately the staff are kind",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or165-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Rats seen from Breakfastroom,"Terrible hotel in Bloomsbury - stairs down through the breakfastroom and then stairs up again, to get to the room!  The room was very small - toilet app. 1m2.  First morning, when we had breakfast, rats was running down the stairs just outside the window. The staff in the breakfast was not very friendly - not english people. We didn't had breakfast the last 2 morning, though it was included in the room price!!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or165-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",A really poor show,"We have just stayed at the Cavendish Hotel, thinking it was the same one we stayed in a couple of years ago! To our horror, when we went to reception, we realised our mistake, but there was little we could do about it. I had indicated on our booking form (we booked several weeks ago) that we would like the room on the ground floor, but to my dismay, we were given one of the three rooms on the top floor. I asked if there was another room and was told that we could change the next day. This was not a real option for us. The man at reception offered to carry my case half way up the stairs as he could see I was struggling with the stairs.   Our room (305) was tiny and tired. There was a small double bed, a small wardrobe with six coat hangers, a small desk and stool. The desk was…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or165-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Awful night stay,"Stayed in room 106, which faces the main road which is very busy and noisy.  The window did not shut so it was draughty and noisy. There was a delivery truck that parked outside my window and proceeded to deliver bed linen to all hotel on the street via 'biffa' bins on all wheels so that's all I heard for over an hour at 1130pm.  When I came to leave the door lock was stuck so I was stuck in the room, not what I needed at 0630am and after such little sleep due to the noise. not a great place to stay if you want sleep.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or170-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL EVER!!!!   Stay here at your own risk!!,DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!  It is the worst place I have ever stayed at in all my years of travel.  Our room was tiny! The double bed was lumpy and was pushed up against the wall so that my husband had to climb over me to get into his side of the bed. There was a tiny wardrobe for hanging clothes that was not deep enough to close when you had anything on a hanger inside it. The desk area was minuscule with a tiny bench to sit on...not even a proper chair. We each had two large suitcases which we could not open at the same time because there was not enough room. The bathroom was ridiculous!  The shower was tiny and the doors did not shut completely so you sprayed water everywhere when trying to shower.  The shower head was broken and flew off across the room the first time we…,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or170-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good Value,"We paid £105 for a double room with cooked breakfast and have to say it was ok. Room was a fair size, was clean and bed was comfy. We had a room on the back so weren't bothered by road noise.  The breakfast was good, waitress service was efficient. Overall a decent place to stay and well positioned for Soho.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or170-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","First impression, very disappointing. ","I have just arrived at the worst hotel I have stayed at in the past 5 years! Unfortunately it was booked for me by a work colleague and I didn't have the opportunity to check it out on trip adviser first. I have the delights of a single room where the eidth of the room is the length of the bed, it takes 4 steps to get from the door to the bed and if you dit on the toilet your feet are in the shower!!! On the plus side I have tea, coffee, bottled water and biscuits an I may be impressed with breakfast, I can't wait!! The reception area could really do with redecoration as could the outside of the halls and the hallways. I can't say I am looking forward to tonights stay as the traffic noise is substantial. I would cheer myself up by turning the tv on but cannot find the remote!!…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or170-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",£125 per night for this !,"Tiny,noisy rooms ten feet from a main road. Paper thin internal walls and poor secondary double glazing.Avoid at all costs. Immediately booked into another hotel. Worst ever seen by me in London. Don't be fooled by the claims on the website.Nothing more to say.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or170-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not a good value for your money,"I had booked a double room in a 4 star hotel, and arriving (@ 1 a.m.) was given a tiny room with a queen size bed (120cm wide) for two.   The room was cold as hell, there was a draft from the window and the bad was situated under the window and in a way that you had to climb over the other person to get out. Not suitable for non-couples. The stairs leading up to the room (4th floor!) were narrow and steep, with no elevator of course, and we were offered no help with the luggage, so I eneded up carrying up both our bags. The shower was so small there was hardly any elbow room to wash your hair.  This was not what I paid for, so I made a strong complaint after checking in. They said they would look into a possible change, which did not happen until after 2 nights, since we were…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or175-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Compact and not 4 star,"I booked this for a business trip and I guess it was cheaper than other 4 star hotels. Location was good as my venue was 10min walk away. Only took 10mins to walk from Euston station. Staff were friendly. The room was the tiniest I have ever stayed in. The double bed took up half the room and I had to place my case on the bed to access the wardrobe. Tiny desk that couldn't take A4 folder portrait way. Tea/coffee facility in the room was standard. The shower room was compact, but the shower had minimal flow. The toilet paper was reasonable and not the cheap newspaper stuff often used! There is no lift so if you had any disability or a heavy bag then you're stuffed. My room was roasting when I arrived as the radiator had been left on full with the window open! Even a few hours…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or175-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good location for sightseeing,"Hotel is located less than 10 mins away from Euston station which was great since we arrived close to midnight. Had a family room, which was a bit cramped but for all the time you spend in the room anyway it wasnt really a bother. Bottled water was complimentary which was a nice touch, as well as the usual coffee and tea. We stayed here 3 nights and did not try the breakfast, so cannot comment on how good or bad it is. Rooms could be doing with a lick of paint and a freshen up.The price we paid for 3 nights was pretty expensive for what you get but you,ve got to remember that it is London. Would stay here again especially for the location.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or175-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great view ,"We were on the 14 floor for a weekend in London. The room was lovely, particularly the view from it. This hotel is in a great location, it is the second time we've stayed @ this hotel. Breakfast is plentiful. I would certainly stay here again. The staff were friendly & accommodating.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or175-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Superb location for sightseeing.  Good price.,"We had the family room, large double room with a sofa bed.  Room was very clean and quiet, it was at the back of the hotel.  All the staff were very friendly and helpful.  Complimentary tray included biscuits and bottled water as well as the usual tea and coffee.  Plentiful shower gel/soaps and towels with a nice big walk In shower.  Excellent full English breakfast along with all the cereals, fruit, juice and yoghurt available for you to help yourself. Location was great.  10 minutes walk from Euston station, 10 minutes walk from British Museum and only another few minutes walk from Covent Garden. Only problem I'd anticipate is no lift and plenty of stairs though the reception staff would help with bags etc. We would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or175-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I wasn't expecting much from this Hotel, but I was utterly shocked by how dirty the room I was given was. Dirty walls, skirting boards, windows and en-suite. The blind to my window was broken and couldn't be rolled up. The en-suite smelled like a sewer, which put me off having a shower. I actually live in a Georgian house myself, so I'm used to sleeping in these types of rooms and have got used to the level of noise that old buildings can make - so please do bear this in mind if you're a light sleeper, especially if you get a road side room.  The breakfast was reasonable to be fair, but the dining room is tiny and not comfortable. For the cost of a night's stay, the Hotel owners must have the funds to give this place a revamp and a lick of paint. Until then, I would not…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or180-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Incredible,"I spent last week of february In London in this hotel. It is a shame in relation of its classification of 4 stars. Everythings are unpleasant. Only the location is very good. The room was very small and total nonfunctional. I couldn't put the clothes in the wardrobe because it was very narrow and the hangers not allowed close the door. The bathroom was tiny. The mirror was not in front of bathroom basin, so I have to rotate my body for shaving every morning. The pressure of hot water is very low. Wi-fi was slow.The breakfast was poor, eggs everyday and bad coffee. In my opinion I give it 2 stars only.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or180-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Excellent location. Reasonable price,"I spent a weekend in this hotel with my wife. The location is perfect and the area is cozy. Tiny rooms and a bit noisy. New bathroom, clean but super small. Good breakfast.  The hotel is an old town house converted into an hotel.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or180-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","tiny, dirty, noisy!!!","It was more of a cupboard with a bed than a bedroom, ( definitely don't take your cat, you wouldn't be able to swing it!)  I think the nets had at one time been white, but they were very much grey, the curtain was tied up with knots and as the room overlooked the main road this was not good for privacy.  The decor is tired and dirty with wires hanging from the television. and dubious wiring in the lamp, which has a dented and stained shade.  The street noise is very loud and there were also some very noisy guests roaming around and shouting during the night and early hours of the morning.  The bathroom wasn't a bad size but there was an overwhelming smell of bleach which didn't get any better.  I can't comment on breakfast as I felt that the hygiene in the rooms was enough to…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or180-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Good value, great location!",Our train arrived at St Pancras and the hotel was a 15 minute easy walk away. We went out in Covent Garden and Leicester Square which again was about a 15 minute walk. Felt the hotel was just perfectly placed! The room was very nicely presented and clean and the bathroom was spotless. The rooms are on the small side with no bath but that isn't a problem for a short break.  Would definitely stay here again.              ,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or180-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Tiny room,"Very very tiny room !!!! It was hard to me to walk from the door to the bed, since in the free space I had to put my luggage. There wasn't a proper table to work with my laptop. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom, surprising, was enormous. The room was cleaned every day, breakfast was on the average, good if you like eggs, but WIFI connection was very bad. No elevator. The hotel is close to British Museum, close to Tottenham Road Court, to several metro stops, and in front of the building you can find a bus stop.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or185-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Single Cabin room 108 is tiny but OK for short stay. Average 3* hotel,"I booked a single room via booking.com really last minute. When I arrived next day they had all details and after some wait in the reception I was checked-in swiftly by a friendly receptionist.  I needed to stay another night but the manager didnt offer me a discount but wanted to charge more. So use the website for yr bookings!!!  Cabin room - in case if you like me never stayed in a cabin hotel room before - it is really a very small room with a very tiny wardrobe, tiny bedside table and a small bed. All cabin rooms face the quiet back street and I am told 108 is bigger then others. All clean. Bed is clean and comfortable. En-suite shower room is tiny but good. Free working WiFi Fair breakfast.  Note: 1.No herbal teas available at the hotel. 2. If you order a taxi from their…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or185-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Just what it need to be,"I spend one night with my family in this hotel on boxing day. At the reception we where welcomed by extremely friendly staff. Also the conciërge was very helpfull with our luguage . The room was ok, the breakfast was well served. This hotel is a nice stay to be.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or185-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very good for what it is,"For being a London-centre hotel, is not bad I think. The prices are good (London-wise) and the location is perfect. I will keep it on my list for quick solo or business visits in London, since I like Bloomsbury area.  I wouldn't recommend it for couples as probably you would like to have something more romantic.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or185-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Just the job,"Stayed here one night while visiting London for drinks with friends. Easy to find within walking distance from Euston station, easy to check in with polite pleasant staff, nice and clean with all the ameneties required. Had a single room (108) which was small but perfect for my needs, the only whinge is no double glazing which meant a bit of a draft from the window (bed right by window) but good heating meant that it wasn't really cold. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone looking for a cheap London B&B for a stopover.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or185-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Could be more modern, but clean and comfortable all the same","I stayed here on 04/12/13 overnight whilst in London for a meeting. When I read the reviews I was concerned but I needn't have been.  Like most reviews on here, there is the review, the hotel perception and the reality somewhere in the middle.   The room was clean, bed comfortable, if not a bit cramped. However, I was only sleeping there so as long as the bed, room and bathroom were clean, which they were, I wasn't too fussed.   The room was on the Lower Ground floor, and when I entered it was like a sauna. However, I went over to the radiator and turned it down. Problem solved.  The only significant time I spent there was just before bed, and so I watched the TV which had a great picture and several satellite channels to choose from.   There was free wifi which worked fine and…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or190-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great B&B in a great location.,"Only 10 mins walk from Euston station and 20 mins walk to the theatres in Leicester Square. Ideal location for us which meant we could walk to everywhere we needed to without having to squeeze onto the tube or get confused by the hundreds of bus routes. Room was a very decent size with kingsize bed (actually two singles fixed together), bedside tables and settee. Ensuite shower and toilet wasn't cramped either. Breakfast was standard help yourself to cereals, juice and fruit. Followed by any combination of fry-up you wanted and unlimited tea/coffee and toast.  The only problem I could find was that the room was too warm, even with the radiator turned off, and we slept with the window open meaning the occasional noise from night buses etc.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or190-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Nicely Located Hotel with Minimal Facilities,"A very nicely located Hotel, not far from all beautiful places, this Hotel has a typical Gothic look from outside.But its 'blink & you miss' front, is a complete contrast. The rooms are extremely small and as such please do not expect any service. It would have been better if they would not have placed the television at all. But a kettle with tea and coffee pouches give a real relief. The Gower street view from the room is quite enchanting. Breakfast is good and helps you in charging up for the day. Doors & windows are antique and be prepared for unforeseen eventualities!! Got locked up in the bath for nearly half an hour as the door just refused to open from inside. It was really scary as there is no telephone in the bath.  Beds are cosy & comfortable. Nights are calm. Front…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or190-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Welcome in London!,"2nd time in this ""fantastic"" hotel.  Good points: - location, location, location - cheap  Bed: - we have ordered a pick up service from the reception to Luton airport, there was no taxi waiting for us, we had to wait 50 mins for a new one - stuff nice and helpful, but totally hopeless (sorry to say that) - even the normal room is sooooooooooooooo small, I could not even move in my room - walls are so tiny, you can hear every single door closing, waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa - wifi sometimes works, sometimes no - nearly no hot water in the shower - no room for bags, only the welcome area",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or190-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Bad management would not rate at all,"Hi all,  Fell ill a full two days before booking at this hotel. Cancelled booking directly with the hotel. Firstly they denied getting email even though I have proof it was sent.  Secondly the mean management charged a full £125.00 on the basis we did not show up which was untrue!  Draw your own conclusions as to what type of place this is. Sam and the manager rubbish!  Alan B",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or190-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Cavendish Hotel, London","Top quality hotel, excellent central location and great buffet breakfast. The room was spacious. I got there late and had a room service meal which despite the late hour was delivered quickly and was high quality.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or195-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Modern Charmer Amongst the Old,"Back in December we stayed here for Christmas and New Year and we liked the hotel, especially the location as we normally stay in Mayfair. During our December trip we stayed in a standard room, which was way too small so for this trip we upgraded to the larger room and if was worth it. As we go to London every year we do interact with the staff that much, but what we like about this hotel is the location, which is central to many attractions.  The room was well appointed and modern. The room was very clean but my biggest complaint was the lack of electrical outlets to accommadate all our devices  The room had the option to have breakfast included, but that would have been an additional money, and not a small amount. Last time we discovered a small cafe just past Leicester Square…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or195-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Excellent for the price,"I worried after reading some of the reviews but booked the Cavendish because of the neighborhood and the price. My cabin single room was very small but clean and quite comfortable The staff was helpful, the breakfast was made to order (and better than the buffets at some more expensive hotels), the shower had good water pressure, and the room was quiet. A very pleasant surprise!",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or195-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"We enjoyed our two nights in the hotel - we had a short break to do some theatre and museum visits. The hotel was convenient for the station where we arrived and the West End theatres. The room was adequate and reasonably comfortable. We were on the top floor and - with no lift - that helped keep us fit! The breakfast was adequate - although the service was odd and the breakfast room a bit small for the number of people staying. I say the service was odd because the hot breakfast appeared even before I had finished my starter (so the starter became a wraparound for the hot breakfast). However, the price we paid was very small for London and the stay was very short. You don't expect Ritz luxury except at the Ritz (and having a massive price to pay).",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or195-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good location,"This hotel was clean and comfortable but over priced.  The location was excellent and we enjoyed visiting the many pubs and restaurants in the area.  The water pressure in the en-suite was very poor.  No glasses were provided in the bathroom for cleaning your teeth.  The hotel description included a photograph of the garden area but when we looked out of our bedroom window (through some scaffolding!) the garden was overgrown, no seats to sit in and it wasn't mentioned to us on our arrival.  We did have to wait about 10 minutes in Reception on arrival and in the end went to find someone to check us in.  We complained about the TV signal as it was impossible to watch anything as the picture kept breaking up but nothing was done about this.  Breakfast was fine and it was actually…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or195-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Compact but clean,"This hotel was in a good location for me, although on a fairly busy road. Reception was tidy and efficient. The hotel was generally well-presented and has a 24 hour reception. There was no lift so if you have luggage it would have been a challenge as my room was on the 2nd floor, but required 3 flights of stairs and a number of doors to be negotiated. The main downside was the size of the room - probably originally a compact single, now incorporating an en suite. The bed was squeezed laterally under the window, with a small area between the room door and the bed to store luggage etc. Wifi worked fine, and the shower room was clean, tidy and relatively new.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or200-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Glad it was a 1 night stay!,"Due to a cancelled journey, we had to book a hotel in this part of London at short notice, most hotels were booked up so we were glad to get a room here.  Ok, firstly I'll accept that it is the middle of London, so prices are going to be high and space is going to be at a premium. However, it still seems ridiculous having to pay such a high price for one night in a hotel of this standard, with such small rooms.  The hotel is really cramped, with tiny staircases and rooms which are all laid out like a maze, if there was a fire in a building like this it would be a nightmare, but being such an old building there is not much can be done about it. We were on the top floor and to get to our floor we had to pass through corridors that stank of cigarette smoke.  The room itself was…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or200-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Second time around,"Once again, I enjoyed my short stay with the Cavendish.  It's not really a 'hotel', however, but an extremely small place to stay that includes a registration desk in a room with a sitting area.  if you are seeking extremely comfortable, spacious accommodations with all the extras, this place is not for you.  But - if you are looking for a very inexpensive place to stay (you're in London, folks!) in a fantastic neighborhood around the corner from the Goodge Tube, restaurants, fruit stands, and anything else you might need, this is it.  And free wifi!  The reception answered all of my questions, held my bags on the last day, and arranged for my transportation to the airport in the wee morning hours.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or200-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",An Unwanted Adventure in London,"I recently returned to Canada from a holiday in Britain. My sister booked  a two night stay at the Cavendish Hotel.  Due to a family emergency we were forced to cancel the second night. The cancellation was done via Hotels.com with whom the booking had been made. We were told by the hotel that we could not cancel with the hotel direct.  Due to total incompetence on the part of Hotels.com the cancellation was not passed on to the hotel and we were charged for the second night.  The cancellation was made well within the time frame stated by Hotels.com, who admitted they had made the error.  Our cancellation call had been recorded; it was well within the time and they could not deny it.  A senior staff member at  the hotel, which was not at fault in the cancellation process, was…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or200-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Shameful,"Very poor hotel. Dirty. Appalling service from horrid management who don't want to know. The only positive thing I can say about this place is that its location is good, being just a few minutes walk from Euston Station. There are plenty of other places to stay. Avoid.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or200-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",What a Dump,"I stayed for one night on the 20/6/13 on arrival they took immediate payment and I was allocated a cell in the basement. The room was like a sauna and the fan that was provided was for a word like the Hotel knackered I was on a tight schedule and needed a quick shower before heading off to my meeting.  The shower tray drained so slowly that I was in danger of flooding the bathroom, I made my concerns known to the reseption who allocated me a room on the 1st floor. I was moved from the basement cell to solitary confinment the room so so small that I had to sit on the toilet sideways.  The road noise was constant and if you shut the window you turned the room into yet another sauna no fan provided as I think the only one they had was broken??..At 5am enough was enough after…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or205-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Useful for business and good tube links,"I've stayed regularly at the Cavendish on business and have literally dashed in and out.  The staff have always been reasonably attentive, the rooms well furnished and room service is prompt.  the price is normal for this area of town and the standard is neither good nor bad - plumb in the middle for a London business hotel",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or205-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","As Below, I was also scammed, Watch Out SCAM","The hotel took a card number for me for a provisional booking, after telling me that the car park was across the road from the hotel. After looking on Google maps I found the car park to be in a different hotel, 15 minutes away from where the hotel itself is. I called back 10 minutes later to let the guy know that i wanted to cancel as the car park was too far away. The guy behind the counter then proceeded to argue with me for 10 minutes that the car park was across the road, and there is all of a sudden a no cancellation policy. The card number given 10 minutes ago had to be charged, and I had to take the room. I work in retail, and by law you are allowed to cancel almost anything you buy unless you sign a contract to say otherwise. I told the guy he was being unreasonable,…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or205-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Beware These People Scammed Me!!!!,"I booked a room at this hotel for 23 April, on dropping off my bags the receptionist required payment up front, £175 one night. once payment was taken I was informed they had moved me to another hotel next door. What a hole... thread bare carpet on the stairs, holes in the floor, the loo was stained, no sound insulation, I seriously doubt the fabrics meet basic fire retardancy regulations. On complaining the receptionist was smiling but most unhelpful and wouldn't give me the owners details,saying it was owned by a company. if this was the last hotel in London I'd rather sleep on a park bench.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or205-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Poor value for money,"Stayed for 4 nights, total cost of £460! Good points; breakfast and the power and temperature of the shower. Rest was poor, room (we were in the one next to reception) was in need of deep cleaning and a lot of TLC, the stairs down to the dining room were very difficult to use, especially for an elderly/infirm person. The location is good but we shall not be using this hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or205-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell,"I booked the hotel through a late room website, thinking i was booking The Cavendish and ended up at Hotel Cavendish. To get to the room it was like going up and down four stairs, got to the room, no hair dryer, TV don't work, Shower tray got flooded as the water was not draining, room was hot and some smell in the room. OMG won't mention the breakfast, one two inch sausage, twenty six baked beans (definetly now Heinz Bean.....) and some scamble egg, weakest tea, staff speaking in their language no greeting or service, i got up and left no good bye... I didn't have one good thing to say about the hotel I was advised this was a 4star hotel, more like minus 4 star.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or210-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Ok but far from luxury!,"My family and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. The rooms are an ok size but are quite shabby and in need of a redecorate. The skirting boards, walls and ceilings are all covered in scuffs and marks. However the bed linen and bathrooms are spotless. The full English breakfasts are very small although you could always ask for more. My room was at the bottom of the stairs near the breakfast room. One morning I was woken by someone falling from the top to the bottom of the stairs as at the top there is a door of which there is no sign saying that there are steps right on the other side so PLEASE be aware of this if you stay here. The stairs are quite narrow too. The staff were all friendly. This hotel has a good location and is not too bad for the price. It's not a too bad…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or210-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Inexpensive quaint little find with excellent staff,"Yes, the rooms are small but the price is excellent for such a wonderful location.  As a single woman traveling alone, I loved it!  I stayed in one of the cabin rooms where the bed actually had a window seat next to it.  While is was a little drafty and cold to actually sit in the window (I'm only 5'3""), I simply stacked my reading materials and purchases there to keep them out of the way since there is only one small closet.   The bathroom was small but not any smaller than some I've encountered.  The shower was hot and there was a big built in counter with mirror to hold my make-up and other toiletries.  The (free) breakfast was excellent with offerings of cereals, yogurt, fruit, toast, and tea and French press coffee. I'm a big coffee drinker and to be served that pot all for…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or210-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Shabby, dirty, over-priced - but good location","The only reason I picked the Hotel Cavendish (not to be confused with the far superior Cavendish Hotel) was the location - just 100 yards from University College, London, where I was attending a seminar on Ethics. The price, £75, was average for the area so I booked. Even so, given the size and state of the room htis was a rip-off any decent sea=side landlady would be ashamed at. The room I got was in the basement, down a narrow staircase and close to the breakfast room. Laughingly described as a double, the 4ft wide bed took up almost half the space in the room. Apart from the passage from the door past the en-suite bathroom, the  main part of the room measured 7ft by 8ft. Prisoners in solitary get bigger cells than this. Plasterwork was patched, paintwork and furnishings…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or210-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Shabby hotel, great location","I stayed at The Cavendish Hotel in February for 3 nights with my husband as we were celebrating my 60th birthday. To say I was disappointed is an understatement.  Although the staff were friendly enough, the hotel is extremely shabby and our room was very small.  The bathroom was tiny with no shelves or hooks to put anything, and there was no storage space in the room other than the wardrobe with a shelf in it. Also, the room was unbelievably hot (it was minus 5 outside) even with the radiator turned off. We found  out later it was because we were right on top of Goodge St subway. We were on the ground floor, but to get there we had to go upstairs (very narrow) through the breakfast room, then downstairs again (also narrow stairs). The only good things about our room were the…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or210-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",The good barely outweighs the bad,I can't say enough good things about the staff. They were pleasant and helpful. However there are a number of things beyond their control. There is no lift and our room was on the third floor. Narrow halls and five doors between the lobby and the room made it difficult to move our luggage. The bathroom in our room smelled lke a sewer. The water constantly dripped from the shower splashing out onto the bathroom floor. There was a flat screen television screen mounted to the wall but the mount didn't move so you couldn't face it toward the bed. You literally watched the telly from the side. Both lamps next to the bed needed light bulbs. The breakfast was typical English and was quite good.,Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or215-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!,"Don't stay here! We went to London for 2 nights and had to check out of this hotel after the first night due to there being no water in our en suite. The staff were beyond rude and just didn't care. Guy on reception put his hand in my face and said he was on his own and too busy to deal with us having no water! Absolutely disgusting service. He just couldn't have cared less. He laughed and said none of the other guests cared about having no water and were going to shower elsewhere! Also, rooms are extremely tiny, cold and noisy. Do yourself a favour and avoid this place!!! There are plenty of other hotels in London.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or215-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Excellent location. Cheap.,Good points:  Location Price Friendly and helpful staff Free wifi Breakfast included quirky/interesting building  Bad points:  traffic noise woken up early to smell of cooking bathroom not very private  this is a bargain. ,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or215-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Check You Have Correct ""Cavendish"" Hotel","First off, beware...there are a number of ""Cavendish Hotels"" in London ranging from the well known one in Jermyn Street to this less well known place in Bloomsbury which is actually called ""Hotel Cavendish"". I booked in a hurry based on a link to Laterooms.com provided by a colleague who thought it was one of the other ""Cavendish Hotels"".  It is rather misleading though to call this place a hotel....B&B may be more appropriate. We were allocated a double room on the lower ground floor which was away from the main road and quiet.  Plus points: Cost effective (£70 per night), comfortable bed, effective shower, good location, full English breakfast.  Minus Points: It has no lift/elevator so if you have heavy suitcases, as we did, you need to navigate a narrow staircase upstairs or…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or215-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good hotel for brief stay in central London,"This is the kind of hotel where you will be neither disappointed nor delighted.  It aims to be a good place to stay near London attractions and it does that just right.   The room was small but it was modern, nicely furnished, bed fine, nice but small shower room and everything worked.  Free wi-fi with a good signal, good TV, biscuits, and satisfactory breakfast (no decaff coffee though - just buy a jar - it's not difficult!).  It's only about 5 minutes from the shops of Tottenham Court Road and the restaurants of Charlotte Street.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or215-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Well located, don't deserve the bad reviews on here.","Very friendly staff on reception upon arrival. Gave us a choice of rooms, either lower ground floor or third level, we chose lower ground floor. Room was of ample size, after all we only wanted a bed for the night, the room had a settee, double bed which was very comfortable, bathroom was adequate and clean. Tv remote wouldn't work, found out there was no batteries in it, went to reception who gave us the batteries, sorted.  The hotel is in a good location, around 15 min walk from Kings Cross Train Station, 10 mins from the Dominion Theatre were we watched a show, and around 25 min walk to the London Eye in one direction and to Buckingham Palace the other. We had a vey peaceful night, no noise at all until breakfast. Breakfast was very good with a choice of fresh fruit, fresh…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or220-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Well placed Hotel,"The Hotel is very well located, A few blocks from Subway and few meters from bus station. The staff is kind. The room is big enough but the only withdraw is the bathroom. We had problem with the boiler and the sink has a terrible stink. We had to close the sink with paper every time we left the room because in the opposite the room was discusting when we returned back. This was reported to front door man.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or220-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very good value for a cheap overnight stay in London,"Paid £65 for a one night stay in a double room INCL a cooked breakfast. This is about as cheap as you can get for a decent nights stay in central London in a good area at fairly short notice. Forget how many stars it says it has - these are facts as experienced by me: Great location. 5 min walk from Euston, 15 min walk from St Pancras. 3 min walk to Goodge St tube station.  The hotel has no lift so avoid if you don't want to lug your cases up stairs. It has three floors above ground and the breakfast room is one level below ground. Rooms are small yes but clean, and also quiet with good noise insulation from the traffic outside on Gower St. You can easily sleep without being distracted by outside noise. I stayed in double room 302 on the third floor. Small yes but nice and…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or220-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not as bad as it's painted,"Our expectations weren't high before we arrived, having read some of the appalling reviews on here. However, for the price, we have no real complaints. The location is brilliant. We found our room to be very quiet, even with the window wide open.  We had a good room. It wasn't big, but it was perfectly adequate for the three of us in a triple room. The bathroom was small, but again adequate for our needs. The room was clean, the bathroom well stocked with towels, shower gel/shampoo etc. tea, coffee and shortbread was provided along with a bottle of mineral water.  Breakfast was a pleasant surprise with bacon, sausage, tomato and the choice of fried, poached or scrambled eggs. Three different types of fruit, cereals, and juice were freely available. We were offered tea or coffee…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or220-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not just for the sights,"We booked this hotel because it was near to Euston station. It only took us 5 minutes to walk from the station to the hotel. The reason for our stay was to go to a gig in Brixton. The reception was24 hours so we knew that we would be able to getb back in to the hotel in the early hours of the morning.  On arrival we were met by a very friendly receptionist. The room was big, clean and quiet.  The staff were amazing and ensured we had a good stay.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London. We walked from the hotel and saw all the sights by foot before walking back past the hotel to go to the train station. Very good location and such lovely staff.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or220-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Self assessed 4 star hotel - wouldn't give it a 1 star,"I had the unfortunate experience of being booked into this hotel under the understanding that it was a four star hotel.  As a female travelling on her own I look at safety over cleanliness - unfortunately neither were present at this hotel.  I checked into room 105 which has to be the smallest room in London - ensuite was barely bigger than a small cupboard.  There were stains on the two lampshades, the roller blind would not close and the door would not lock properly.  After complaining to the reception desk I was kindly offered an upgrade which was slightly better than the original room but right at the top of the top with seemingly no fire escape and again a problem with the lock on the door.  I am amazed that this is rated four star but seemingly this is self rated and not…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or225-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Fantastic Weekend,Stayed for 1 night in 2nd weekend in November when we went to see The Bodyguard at the theatre. We booked a double and got a King suite on 2nd floor - great upgrade! It was vast and fantastically furnished. Only issue we had was that it was too hot even with the window open on a very cold night! Oh yes and the bathroom was very poorly lit. But we were very pleased given the price we had paid.  Breakfast was only continental but was fine. We could have paid for a full english but the breakfast staff were quite surly and didn't encourage special orders! It was very conveniently located for Theatres and British Museum etc.   Would go there again.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or225-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great stay,"After reading reviews of this hotel we were undecided on wether to cancel or not. Having been told if we cancelled we would still have to pay for the 1st nights stay,we decided to give it a try rather than loose money. The hotel is in a Fab location, reception staff were very helpful an always at hand wen we needed them, always happy to help regarding info on tubes, busses, and local food deliveries. 1st night we stayed in a 3 bed room which 3rd bed was a sofa bed. Not very spacious but it dis the job. Room was clean and had everything we needed, yes it wasnt LUXURY, but then what do you want for the price! It isnt exactly gonna be the ritz is it lol, we couldnt understand why people had moaned. 2nd night we was upgraded to a large 4 bed room with 2 dble beds. Was on street…",None,4.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or225-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",One star hotel (or maximum two)...,"We booked on line, a double and a single room, both for 930 pounds...As location was great, in Bloomsbury, easy to Russell square tube station  and not just. Close to good area of few goods restaurants, but people the biggest mistake was to pay right away the rooms when arriving at the hotel and checking in.Wait till you reach the room and then decide if you keep the reservation or you need to upgrade at least ... My son's room (our son is 19 years old, tall 1, 80 m) was not bigger than a wardrobe. i am not kidding or exaggerating, if you open the door of the very small wardrobe inside the room, you can't open the door of the room, the bed was same, but same like one in a sleeping wagon and bath was facing the main door of the room, somehow in the same place but not entering in…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or225-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"Stayed here this weekend nearly cancelled booking due to reading the reviews .... So pleased I never this hotel is central to everything Oxford street, tube and busses. We had a 3 night stay firstly we had 3 bed room  with the view of the BT tower, then free of charge was upgraded to a 4 bed room facing the front which you can here traffic, but never disturbed us. The reception staff were very friendly and very helpful. Excellent choice for breakfast  Rooms were cleaned everyday all your basic needs met .  Will be booking again January .... DON'T BE PUT OFF BY BAD REVIEWS !!",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or225-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",This is NOT a 4 star hotel!!!,"Glorified B&B, is certainly not a 4 star hotel. Room was very basic, small and not particularly clean. Service was adequate. Breakfast was not great and minimal. Do not get confused with the obviously superior Cavendish Hotel, St James's, Mayfair.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or230-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Pretty basic, but clean and welcoming","Not much to add really. If you need something at short notice that isn't a rip-off, that's clean and tidy, this place will do.  The rooms are, shall we say, snug, the chaps of Reception are helpful and its well-situated for UCL, Bloomsbury and the British Museum. Won't hurry back, but wouldn't avoid it, either.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or230-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not a 4 star hotel!,"Location: fantastic, close to Oxford street and a few minutes away from many tube station, nice area  Reception: I used to work as a receptionist so I can tell you these guys have no clue about this job They do not know anything, rude, slow and just oh My God... we did not even complain.. we were just laughing on everything they did...  Room: would be ok BUT the windows did not close properly + they close heating for the night = I was freezing!!!!!!!!!!  Breakfast: for a 2-3 star hotel would be ok, but for a 4 star??? The staff is nice, but every morning talking too loud in the kicthen in Polish so it was very annoying... You have only a few vold stuff for breakfast or ask for some limited hot meal...",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or230-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Hotel Cavendish - great service & stay,"We had a fantastic stay at Hotel Cavendish!  The service from the staff was professional, warm and friendly!  Location is fantastic - close to the Tube (Euston), British Museum, local high street, University and pubs!!  Gower street is really lovely - the architecture is fantastic.  The full english breakfast was delicious and all at a reasonable price.  It is a converted house, so more a really nice B&B, but we had a really neat stay.  Our room was a great size!  Even though we looked out on the street, except for the sirens (which are mega loud in the UK), the rooms were noise free!  Very comfortable nights sleep and free wireless!  Happily stay again.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or230-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Try another Gower Street B and B,"I've stayed in a number of these B and Bs on Gower Street and this is not one I would particularly recommend. The building and gardens are not well maintained- the interior has been refurbished to an acceptable standard and appeared superficially clean. Staff in dining room are good ( thank you), Staff in reception hugely variable with some extremely unhelpful individuals. In a competetive world I suggest people vote with their feet and stay at an alternative b and b on Gower street.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or230-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","""customer service"" ........ unheard of!","I booked a cabin room for 3 nights - as expected snug - but on the ground floor with a rear room door which backed onto a walled garden which could not be locked securely. When I highlighted this I was told the maintenance man doesn't work on Sunday. I requested another room, to be told that they didn't have another cabin room. I could have a single for an additional £15 but this would need to be approved by the manager who at the time was uncontactable. Having gone to dinner and returned - I was informed that I would have to remain in the insecure room until the next day.  I was informed that I should have requested a change earlier, even though I had and after much negotiating I was offered an single room this time for £25. The receptionist was reluctant to speak to me and…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or235-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay - Receptionist friendly and helpful,"We stayed in a double room, which was very comfortable for our 1 night stay. At breakfast there was a choice of Continental or English. The waitress was friendly and the service good. The hotel is well situated, and within walking distance of theatres. We had come to see Phantom, approx 20-25 minute walk. I would certainly stay at this hotel again",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or235-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not up to 4*,"It was given 4* rating on booking.com, my room descibed as cabin must have been for the crew on HMS Victory. Seriously in former times it could have been a bathroom converted to a bedroom. If seated on toilet could only sit sideways with door fully open, the shower was hot but a mere trickle. The room was relatively clean but paintwork was worn. Sahwindows wouldnt stay open and needed wedging or own devise. Breakfast at 07:30 ok for holidays but not business, didnt try",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or235-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",dont bring a cat!,"Flippant title but honestly the single bedroom i was alloted was not big enough to swing a cat in, you open the door and the bed is right there in front of you, not for people with claustrophobia, the room itself was clean enough and some effort had been made to fit a shelf (desk?) with a kettle and a selection of coffees but no room to supply a chair to sit on. To get in to the bathroom you literally have to fully open the bathroom door, step over the toilet and then close the door behind you, hot water supply was minimal.... Breakfast room was bright and quite modern, quality of the cooked full english breakfast was good, the waitresses all very friendly and helpfull and the guys working at the front desk pleasant, if only the bedroom had been bigger i might have swung for 4…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or235-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Awesome service!,"I stayed here with my brother and father for one night. The receptionists were very very very nice, friendly, and helpful. We arrived at 10am while the checkin time is 2pm and the receptionist said that we can put our luggage at the lobby and we can come back later to check in. The next day, we need to find another room to stay in another hotel because this hotel is fully booked. Again, the receptionist said that he would keep the luggage safe in the lobby and let us walk around to find room and he said we can come back anytime to take our bags! The room and bathroom were clean. There are TV, coffee-making amenities, hairdryer, and safe available in the room.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or235-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",A decent place to stay,"I don't understand what the negative reviews of this hotel are based on. I had a perfectly decent stay at this hotel. There was nothing wrong with my bed or the cleanliness of my room. Of course it's nothing fancy, but who expects anything fancy with these prices? The price/quality relationship is totally in order here.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or240-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",very good,"great for cleanliness, v nice staff and really comfortable bed. Rooms were not huge but not overly cramped like some small London hotels. ",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or240-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",A place to rest your head!,"We booked this hotel as we were in London at a concert and simply couldn't face the journey home. Considering it was the same price as some of the Hilton hotels we have stayed at it is difficult to be overly positive, that said we have probably stayed at the Hilton hotels at bargain prices! The bed was comfortable and there was a hairdryer. The bathroom was ridiculously small there was nowhere to put anything and it was more like a cupboard. The garden view from the window is quite shocking. The double bed was 2 singles pushed together which is never particularly comfortable, and I was incredibly wary of putting my feet on the carpet as I wasn't quite sure that it had been properly vacuumed in a while. The staff were very friendly and offered to look after our bags so that we…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or240-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",very nice and good services,"very helpful and friendley staff,loveley hotel with stunning decor and yet very clean room.the recepionist was so helpful and fast checking us in, the breafast girls wer very nice and give very good service.we will definiteley be staying again.there was'nt anythings we didn't like about the hotel",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or240-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Poor customer service and small rooms,"Arriving at the hotel I was asked to wait whilst the reception man sorted his papers. I did so patiently for 5 minutes. He then processed my check in details and asked me to wait. I waited, then 5 minutes later he thurst me a key and told me to go to the second floor. I had to ask how I got there, he pointed and watchede struggle with my bag up the narrow stairs . The double room had a very small bed and enough space for 2 people to stand up. I asked to change as I was with my friend and although we know each other this was pushing the boundaries!! The reception man was very unhelpful and told me that now I had been in the room it was mine and I could not change.   I think the service was very poor and the room are very small. The location is good but still I feel that overall…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or240-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Simply Filthy!,"I have never written a review before but feel compelled to having survived the experience of staying in the Cavendish Gower St.  A tiny room( which I could have lived with)but  with filthy stained carpet, filthy stained furniture, a torn plastic night blind (which had to be handrolled up + down), a telephone that didnt work( hence I missed my wake up call!) aTV with blurred vision ( despite the aerial hanging loosley from the side of the wardrobe) and a broken fan in the bathroom( not helpful when windows do not open) .  Reception gave impression they were well used to deflecting complaints with no intention of dealing with them...."" we will get porter to have a look at that sir""....he must have called in sick that day as nothing was done!  You get to a stage in life where it is…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or245-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Lucky escape...well sort of,"I booked this hotel for a business colleague and subsequently cancelled the room in accordance with their Cancellation/ booking terms. I was then suprised to find that the hotel had charged me the cost of the room for not showing up. I phoned the hotel to explain the problem and the reception member was rude and most unhelpful. I emailed the hotel my confirmation of the booking and confirmation of cancellation, however got no aknowledgement and had to chase 4 days later. I then spoke to what I can only assume was the same person who advised me I was charged because I booked and cancelled the room on the same day and said had I  cancelled the room two days before the arrival date I would not have been charged for the room for not showing up. Suffice to say the logic was lost on…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or245-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",A decent hotel,"The Cavendish is in a great location, is clean, and satisfactory - it's just that there was nothing special about it at all.  While our stay was pleasant enough, there isn't anything that would make me want to go back to that hotel.  My only actual complaint was the wifi, which was costly, and did not even work.  The rooms we had were small, but neat and clean.  All in all, just a decent hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or245-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",First and last visit,"Got a ""suite"" on the 3rd floor - facing the main road. Bad combination when the window was broken, and could not be closed. The traffic was constantly, the bed was hard and it was terrible air quality. The ""duvet"" was blankets, and i had to sleep with pants and sweather to keep me warm at night. Ok location and breakfast, but that is it. I will never stay here again..",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or245-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",I loved it!,"It was small yes, but very well planned and extremely clean. I stayed here twice - once after arriving from Heathrow, and once again before going back. I did not at all mind the smallness of everything - actually found it quite quaint. Then again, my friends and I did not have any ahem *size issues* that would hinder us from performing our daily tasks. Also, the friendly service and breakfast were fantastic. I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or245-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",I SUED them and WON - Without Prejudice (as they would say),"I stayed at Hotel Cavendish who 'SELF ACCLAIM' themselves s a 4 star hotel. I complained, but they refused to allow me to speak to the  manager. They then refused to refund me the night I did not stay, so I warned them that I was not going to be messed with, but that didn't sway them. So, I went ALL THE WAY.  Afte numerous letters from me, the only written communication from them was two days before the hearing (2QT11563 heard in the Edmonton County Court - 11th May 2012), telling me that their 'counsel' advised them to counter claim up to £1,500 damages from me for their staff attending the court for my hearing, and that they would refund me the one night I had stayed on top of the night I did not stay if I agreed to settle. I had already booked and paid for my flights (I am…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or250-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Don't confuse with the 5* Cavendish Hotel,To be avoided at all costs as we had the same experience as the gentleman from Cardiff (CardiffCymrocymraeg) in May 2012. Trading Standards and solicitors and credit card company are all on the case. DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL BY MISTAKE. We made the mistake of believing what was on the website but the reality is truly unspeakable so much so a cardboard box under London Bridge would be preferable.  Reception was certainly well versed when it came to dealing with disatisfied customers...plenty of practise by the looks of things!,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or250-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Its just a B&B, and a bad one at that!","The bed was awful. Springs protruding into my back. Some of the towels in the bathroom were stained. You couldn't run the shower for more than 1 minute before it flooded (as the plug hole was blocked). The TV only had a few of the channels tuned in (had to balance on top of the sofa to retune on the second night.   Oh, and the hot water only came on after another guest complained that there wasn't any!!!!  Do not know how they have the temerity to charge almost £200 per night.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or250-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Smallest room I have ever been given! AVOID!,"I was given room 203. As I opened the door, I actually thought I had walked in to a cupboard. You could not swing a cat in this room! I have seen bigger rabbit hutches. I am serious! See my photos! Being 6' 2"" I need a decent size bed. This one i could not fit in to. The room was also dirty. Marks on the walls and dust on top of the wardrobe!  I did go and complain to the two guys in  reception and they told me I wuld have to pay £20 for another room and that I should count myself lucky I had been given a double bed!   On a plus, ther was a TV with a decent picture and free wifi although the connection was very slow and not good enough for me to use Netflicks to watch a film.  The breakfast was a full English but very disappointing.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or250-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very Good London Hotel,"This hotel is only about a 5 minute walk from Picadilly Circus which puts it in a really good location. The hotel itself was very clean and comfortable and the service was good. Breakfast was good as well. We only stayed here for one night and didnt eat here in the evening but everything that we saw was of a high standard, couldn't fault it.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or250-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",nice place,"close to underground, in a quiet street. near to many cafes, good to breakfast. You can go to almost places on foot.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or255-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",total disaster,"i stayed one night at the cavendisch in Gower street, close to the St Pancras Eurostar terminal. the hotel takes advantage of this presence to charge about 200 pounds per night. for that price you might expect a lot but it's an awfully dingy, smelly place. it reeked of cigarettes in my non-smoking room. everything was dirty, and the matress was terribly worn out. disgusting hotel. avoid it!",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or255-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague!,"My colleague booked this over the internet, and it looked OK in the pictures......when we turned up, it was very different in reality......worn out carpets, dirty marks all over the walls, and an ""unusual"" smell.  Although they offered alternative rooms when I said the original rooms weren't acceptable, these were still well below standard....and it's not as if we were expecting The Ritz for the money!    The receptionist became rude when I said we wouldn't be staying and they shouldn't take payment from our cards....he then started going on about terms and conditions of booking and cancelling with less than 24 hours' notice, so he would have to charge us, and became very dismissive......Terms and conditions cut both ways, and they clearly didn't meet them from the quality (or…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or255-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",dissapointing,"I stayed at this hotel last minute and it wasnt cheap. It was dirty, no propper bedding, the public areas vere tired and worn. Staff not interested in helping and showed lack of concern for customer anxiety, yet it felt like they were embarassed. I stay in London every week and this hotel is not worth the stars or money. The carpets were filthy and it sadens me that this standard is allowed. The shower was broken, no tea spoons for tea tray and the sills and fire place were absolutely filthy. please think twice bfore you stay here.",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or255-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Under the bridge is a better option,"How on earth this one could claim 3 stars? This hotel is so below basic sanitary norms that I am surprised it still survives. The only explanation would be people confusing it with the other Cavendish (in Mayfair) and booking in this disgrace of a hotel service.   No lift. This really should be written on their website in big bold red. Single room is not big enough to fit a suitcase.  Obviously the personnel of this hotel thinks that suitcases are living beings, so they will walk upstairs on their own, and if you are travelling with a suitcase you should book a double.  Audibility is great – you can hear everything your neighbors are doing! I certainly could appreciate traditional folk singing outside at 3 a.m. in the morning. It was too cold to sleep, anyway - the heater in my…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or255-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",fair value but disappointing,"This hotel is not 4 star by my standards!  It is convenient and our room was quiet (as requested) at the back.  The front is on a main road.  As for being re-furbished as claimed I saw no evidence as the public areas were worn and our room, although very clean, was tatty.  The shower took 15 minutes to run even lukewarm and the hair dryer didn't work.   The staff were helpful but when we needed breakfast early (7 am) to catch a train all we could get was cardboard toast.  We booked this room late and with a deal it was just worth the money but I wouldn't want to pay full price for it!",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or260-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Rather go under a bridge,"Tiny and dirty rooms. Worn out curtains, made from the same piece as the sheets. Stained walls. Cables hanging from the walls. Windows that did not close properly (in February!). Old low-quality matrassess. My bathroom was not cleaned in 3 days. I received a phone call at 3am from the reception desk asking me if I had been to a party that night and had not paid for a taxi (I even had to go downstairs wearing my pijama to explain the cop I had been in bed since 10pm!). Oh, yes, breakfast was suprisingly good!",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or260-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not a place for space,When we first arrived we were told we were on the 2nd floor - there was no one to help with our suitcases but luckily we are able to carry these ourselves as our room was up 4 flights of stairs.  The room was very small and the bed a queen size.  The ledge of the one bedside cabinet we had (your couldn't fit one the other side of the bed as it was up against the window) kept my partner awake alnight as he kept hitting himself.  The coffee in the room was awful.  Breakfast was okay but down some steep stairs in what would have been the cellar.  The carpet at the top of the first flight of stairs from the reception was loose and could cause a bad accident.,Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or260-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Stinky and uncomfortable,"I was on the lower ground floor, it was smelly, noisy and the beds were really uncomfortable...worst night sleep",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or260-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Sleepless in London.....,"If you like to go back to basics, this is the place to be: tiny rooms (max width 2m), lukewarm water only and the shower has no water pressure so it takes about 15 minutes to rinse your hair. No hairdryer that works, no lift, no comfort, lots of funny smells, traffic noise 24/7 and you can hear everything your neighbour does. If you want all this, please go ahead and book. If you wish to stay in a real hotel: please reconsider and try something else. Definitely not somewhere where I want to go ever again!!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or260-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",This hotel needs to invest or reduce its prices,We booked a triple room for 3 adults and ended up with a double bed and a  pull out sofa which was unbearable and should have been thrown out years ago. There was only 2 cups. The breakfasts that came were not what we ordered and the waitresses struggled to understand. The room was very expensive for what we got. We would not go back,Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or265-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",They call this a hotel???,"I would never even put an enemy in this hotel - it's the worst I have stayed in in the whole world, and I've stayed in some terrible places!  The rooms are tiny (there was no room to put my suitcase down in the room), the manager won't speak to you when you want to complain and they call themselves (fraudulently I believe) a 4 star hotel. When I questioned their 4 stars, they told me they were 'self acclaimed' - I say they are simply liars.  Even though the non British staff attempted to advise me that this is what hotels in London are like, I am British and have a good (monthly I might add) experience of hotels in London and the UK, and know that thier information is incorrect and so I am contacting the tourist office, Advertising Standards Authority and the Office of Fair…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or265-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not a good experience,"On walking into my room I thought I had gone into the broom closet by accident.    There was just room for a 6 foot bed no room for me and my bag in what little floor space was left.  The shower stank of dampness and had the musky smell of a room left without any ventilation.  The extractor was not working and found it had been switched off at the master switch.  On turning it back on and using the bathroom at 4am found out why it had been switched off.  If I woke my neighbour in the next rook I apologise.  There was black mould on the wall of the shower, the cable for computer access was broken and had been like that for sometime as someone had repaired it was black masking tape and the repair was so old that the tape had lost all stickiness.   The blinds in the room wear badly…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or265-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Very poor, would never recommend to anyone","Stayed in this hotel on business in October, and was never so glad to leave.  The hotel is dirty, the room standard is below that of a two star and the staff are indifferent if not ignorant, using the 'we don't understand' card constantly.  The room considering the cost of the hotel is very small and the bathroom the size of a cupboard.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or265-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",An Awful Experience,I got an awful experience from staying in this hotel in September 2011. I was totally shock by the size and the hygiene conditions of the room in this so called “4-star” hotel. The room was very small and dirty. There were unpleasant smells from the bed and strains were found on the mattress and bed sheet cover. Ants were found crawling on the floors. The biggest mistake I made this time was that I had not read the guest reviews before booking for this hotel located at Gower Street. The extremely poor comments made by other reviewers on this hotel were true. It was not exaggerated for some of them to classify this hotel as a B&B or a hostel. The facilities and hygiene conditions of the hotel were far beyond the reasonable expectation from an average guest. It was an insult to…,Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or265-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel,"The room is very very very small. There are no table, chair and rubbish provided in the room. Stains and smells were found on the bed sheets and matress. It was shame for it to claim as 4-star hotel. The condition is just a B&B accommodation rather than a hotel. It was the most terrible ""hotel"" I have seen so far.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or270-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",It wasn't that bad :),"It's not 4 star hotel, but B&B. There is other hotel in London, under the same name, and it really has 4 stars - maybe that's the misunderstanding.  My room was sooo small, I couldnt move, bathroom - half size of my room - hard to imagine you can pack everything is such a small space.  Yet, everything very clean, bathroom recently renovated, I enjoyed tea and cofee in the room, free WiFi which worked well, comfortable bed, unbeatable location - 10 minutes walk from oxford street, delicious breakfast. Amazing staff - I give 5 stars for their work.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or270-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Total rip-off,"Grubby, worn out and patched up. This hotel offers itself as a 4 star. It should be prosecuted under the trades description act! Let's start with a good point... The staff are friendly! That's it! The rooms are grubby, the carpets are worn out and I would not give it anything more than a 1 star. If you stay on the 3rd floor the internet doesn't work. The bathroom is a cupboard with broken floor tiles and very small. I now know why they take the payment before you get the room. No one would pay!  Oh... and no air-con the only con is the price!",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or270-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Truly awful hotel,"This place is awful. Overpriced, poor staff, tiny bedroom, no hot water. If anyone who has stayed here can write a good review, then they have very low expectations.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or270-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",wonderful from start to finish,"From the moment of our check-in by joe,our break was superb.I have never felt a nicer atmosphere in a hotel.The food and service in the restaurant was wonderful,the personal service from carlos was very much appreciated.the breakfasts were without doubt some of the best i have ever had in a hotel.I am looking forward to returning with my family.Even though we were on ""break rate"" the staff never made us feel anything other than warmly welcome...........would reccomend to anyone",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or270-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",This hotel just doesn't care,"Our story is too long to go into. The short version is that we dropped our bags in our room, went to a movie theater the desk clerk recommended only to find the theater was closed (no special reason - just regular business hours the clerk should have known and told us about), then returned to the hotel to find that we were locked out of our room. Long story short, it took an hour to get into the room and the help of a clerk from another hotel to get us into the room. My wife, who was getting sick anyway, sat in a hallway that was inexcusably hot while we kept trying to get into the room. All the while we totally kept our calm, though we were both getting upset. We got into the room, again, which was just way too hot for anybody's comfort (there was a single fan blowing in the…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or275-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay - polite staff - good value for money,"Have just returned from an enjoyable  2 night stay in London at the Hotel Cavendish.  Having read mixed reviews I wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised.  Staff were friendly, helpful and polite on arrival.  We had a pleasant triple room which was clean and well equipped.  En-suite shower room modern with large walk in shower, plenty of towels and built in hairdryer.   In the room, large sash window overlooking gardens.  Small flat screen tv attached to wall.  Tea and coffee facilities with good coffee and nice shortbread biscuits!  Separate hairdryer in the room and good lighting with additional bedside lamps. V large double bed, third bed was a sofa bed - which would be a bit on the small side for an adult but the child in our party was very comfy and loved…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or275-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Worst Hotel EVER!,"This hotel is no way a 4 star hotel. I would rate it 1 star! The room I was given was like a prison cell! It was tiny I couldnt move around without having to get into an awkward position. The TV aerial was on top of the wardrobe with taped up wires and zilch reception! The suposedly updated room was dreadful with stained carpets, fraid bedlining, dated broken furniture and broken window! The bathroom was tiny and the lack of towels and toiletries made it even more uncomfortable! I booked this room for 4 nights and immediatley complained! The Desk staff said they had no other rooms left and so I immediately went back up and connected to the hotels sloooooowwww internet to book myself a room at a different hotel! This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or275-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Poor room, poor location, good breakfast - not a good value for money","I spent few nights at Cavendish Hotel during a business trip. It's an old building accomodated for a hotel needs. I stayed at one of the single rooms - and it was the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in. To open the suitcase I had to lay it on the bed, otherwise no chance to do that. The bathroom is quite like a room itself - tiny, tiny, tiny, however it was clean. The good thing was the breakfast, which was quite tasty (Polish staff in kitchen). The guys at the reception - met 3 of them, one not quite hospitable, 2 others seemed communicative. The location is poor as in the close neighbourhood there are practically no restaurants. Overall, stay in a single room cannot be recommended - especially for the price we paid, which was £125 per night. Look elsewhere if you can.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or275-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Mixed Bag,"Stayed at this hotel looking for budget accomodation in London. Booked two rooms as our party was my wife and myseld plus my 77 year old mother who has moblity issues. Hence a double room and a single room which give rise to slightly different experiences.  The overall hotel is superbly positioned for the West End, particularly the British Museum and positioned directly between Euston Station and the Museum - easily walkable. It is an old substantial house which has been converted, hence there are a lot of stairs to reach rooms, but banisters allow impaired mobility access but not for someone who can not leave their wheel chair for short ditances. Reception is 24 hours and they were happy to have luggage left with them prior to checkout and after checkout, so that you can…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or275-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",The GOWER STREET Cavendish,"We booked the Gower Street Cavendish by mistake. We have stayed at the Jermyn Street Cavendish before - which is excellent - but I had not been paying attention when the search engine pointed me towards Gower Street instead. I was not aware than another ""Cavendish"" existed, so had just assumed I was booking Jermyn Street.  All my fault I know - that will teach me to be more careful next time.  Caveat emptor.  Wife and I arrived late Friday night (11pm, 22nd July 2011) for a 3 night stay booked on-line. Was told it was ""policy"" to pay for all three nights in advance.  I explained that that advance payment was not my ""policy"", and I would pay as and when I checked out.  Once I had seen the (basement) room allocated (and we slept on top of the bedding) I told the receptionist that…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or280-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in.,"This place, (calling it a hotel is not a proper description), is rubbish.  It is listed as 4*, the Trades Description Act would list as a B & B hostel.  The carpets are worn, my room had a hole in the ceiling and the window frame was absolutely rotten through and through and the net curtain had a hole in it. The shabby furniture was all marked and worn. The sink in the shower room had a large crack right across all of it, the Wifi was non existent as was any help from the staff.  This place has no lift and as a solo OAP I could have done with at least an offer of help with my case up to the 3rd. floor.  The stair carpets look as if they've never been vaccuumed and the artificial flowers are thick wih dust.  Do avoid at all costs - if I hadn't paid in advance I would never have…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or280-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Refused to stay,"Booked via the internet description sounded OK. Arrived and my wife refused to stay. Threadbare carpets up the stairs, Heavily stained carpets in room, poor decor, very cheap looking 'furniture' single room, small in area size,  small single bed. You could feel the springs through the thin mattress, dingy. Complained and were directed to a basement room, similar carpet state, larger bed, similar mattress, even dingier. Web site states 'our newly refurbished rooms tastefully decorated to high standard'.  I really do not know when that was written. I cannot comment on the staff apart from the male recepionist who tried his best to persuade my wife to stay with the threat of a cancellation feeI if she didn't occupy the room. ( fee taken from credit card!)  I would not recommend…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or280-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Won't be back,"The so-called double room we were allocated was smaller than a ship’s cabin with absolutely nowhere to put our luggage.  The bed, which was not a double but a three-quarter, was crammed into the window recess with no room to move around it.  The management insisted that this was a full-sized double which it most certainly was not  I think it was what is commonly known as a three-quarter bed.  There was no drawer space and the apology for a wardrobe was rendered inaccessible because our luggage blocked it.  No bed light so had to switch off light at door and negotiate way back to bed in dark  - not easy climbing over luggage etc.   The “en suite” shower/toilet was also minute, the door skimmed the loo so that you had to flatten yourself against it or to climb over the toilet bowl…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or280-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed At!,"Standing in the middle of the cabin room, I could touch all of the walls without moving my feet. Bathroom was also tiny. Room and bathroom combined for roughly 6 square meters. TV was high on the wall, so you couldn't see it because of the drastic angle. The patio area was overgrown with weeds, and there was a layer of mold a few centimeters thick on the bathroom vent. Small, dank, dirty, and disgusting... Need I say more for the worst Hotel in the World? 3 Stars??? Are you kidding me? It would be a stretch to call this a 1 star! I would've rather stayed in a dormitory hostel!",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or280-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Terrible - all a bad dream,"Business stay - booked into this Cavendish by mistake.  Although only single occupancy I was charged full family room rate for the only room left.  Decor is threadbare carpets, peeling paint and rickety 30 year old units.  Wifi in my ground floor room didnt work & access to room was through a maze of coridoors & stairs past propped up mattresses in halls.  Checked out at first light to find a cafe - never again!",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or285-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Decent, but I think there are better next door","There are several hotels of the same type nearby, even on the same block - a great location, and probably one of the better deals in London.  (don't be shocked by small rooms, as it will be any decent part of central London for less than 150 quid/night)  This place is decent for the non-picky.  But I think I got better value for the money in the other hotels on the block I stayed at.   Unfortunately, they seemed to have gone down since their review in Lonely Planet.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or285-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Nightmare on Gowerstreet ...,"The good news: there is no way of falling out of the bed, as there is no space left over to do so. My room (including bathroom) was smaller than my bathroom at home, and believe me, I do not have a big bathroom. Also good: nobody will be able to look into your room, as the curtains cannot be moved. And the free Wifi was free indeed; Free of access.   Positive: kind person behind the reception / breakfast ok / many towels in the bathroom",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or285-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Never again not if they paid me!,"This was one of those nightmares they make movies about. Be very clear that there are two Cavendishe's. I stayed at the 75 Gower location. The pictures on their web site are from 40 years ago and they haven't replace a thing since then. I had the choice of a 3rd floor walkup or the basement, I chose the basement. WiFi didn't work so no calls or emailing from the room. The shower was a pipe that water dribbled out of, I'm serious. They have decided that acting sympathetic is a substitute for doing anything. The carpets are manky and my asthma was triggered. If you know someone you despise, give them a free night at this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or285-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",OK BUT NOT WORTH A RETURN VISIT,"The first impression was positive as the chap on reception was absolutely lovely and really helpful. We had the choice of a third floor room ( no lift ) or a room on the lower ground floor so opted for the latter. The outlook was of the hotel boiler room. The room seemed clean and adequate although very small and the carpet on the stairs to the room and to the dining rom was somewhat dangerous as it was threadbare.  Breakfast was a huge disappointment. We had hardly sat down before the waitress pounced on us to take the order for our cooked breakfast and then it appeared before we had any time to eat any cereal, grapefruit etc or even get a hot drink. The breakfast was extremely poor. One very small sausage, one cold rasher of bacon, half a tomato and a fried egg...on cold…",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or285-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Sleep is not on the agenda...,"Let's be clear.....   this is not the The Cavendish London on Jermyn Street....  ....and the only reason this hotel gets a reasonable rating on this site is because people are mistakenly reviewing the wrong hotel. This is not a 4 star hotel..... at best I would award 1.5.... On their website, they state: ""Our newly refurbished rooms have been tastefully decorated to a high standard by well known hotel designer Wendy Purser-Horne of Buchanan Associates"" Maybe so, but was this in 1940? I am a regular hotel user in London and found the following at this hotel: cons: 1) Tiny, tired bedrooms - marks on walls, stained carpets 2) Paper thin walls and windows - very noisy, both from traffic and neighbours 3) Uncomfortable bed 4) Pipes making horrendous noises all night 5) Air-raid-esque…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or290-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great value for money,"This 3-star hotel offers very good value for money - reading some of the reviews we were very worried but our triple room was clean and cosy, the bed was comfortable and we had a full English breakfast included, all for a very good price for us and our son. I think that some people may have this hotel confused with the other Cavndish Hotel and so have untrainable expectations of a 3-star hotel in London - London hotels are notorious for their small rooms and some reviews just seem a little naive to me.  We found the staff to be friendly and helpful and would stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or290-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Not the best deal in town, located close to Baker Street - which is a plus","Personally I didn't face too many problems at the hotel - but I did run into a couple of others who did. However, the problems were more administrative and logistical in nature. The quality of lodgings weren't inherently despicable in any way. The tariff in comparison to the size of the room was on the higher side. The staff was friendly and tried hard to be helpful.  Not bad - if you have few other options !",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or290-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!,"This stay was a present from my parents for my 21st Birthday present.  We booked the Cavendish on Gower Street after looking at the photos online thinking it looked a nice little place to stay - how wrong were we??  We arrived around 1pm and upon arrival they took payment for both nights stay from my card. We walked up 3 flights of stairs and when we got to our room the key card would not work! We then had to go back down for Reception for them to re-register the key. When we entered the room we just stood in disbelief. To say the room was small would be an understatement!! The whole room was filthy; the bed linen, the carpets, the walls were black and the bed was NOT a double - it was more of a small 3/4 bed!! The tea and coffee facilites were poor and the kettle's electricity…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or290-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Make sure you use the safe in the corner of the wardrobe that you are not informed about upon arrival,"The hotel appeared to offer all we wanted for our weekend in London until we returned back to our room on the Saturday after a full day of sightseeing to discover that my money had been stolen, passports and cards were left.  As there was no evidence of a breakin I can only conclude it was stolen by somone with access to a key card!  Two weeks later I am still awaiting a response from management.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or290-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",UNCLEAN,"The room was not clean: showerhead was so gunked up, water sprayed every which way when the nozzle was turned on.  Wiped down the bathroom counter with a napkin that I soaped up with the bar soap in the room, and the filth/dirt/dust that came up was utterly disgusting.  The slight beginnings of mold were starting to form in the toilet, and when I checked over the mattress, I saw an old blood stain that was on the bottom side of the mattress.  The mattress itself was long overdue for being replaced; it was unbelievable how comfortable it was.  Hotel staff was friendly - that's really the only nice thing I can say.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or295-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"We knew we were in trouble when we arrived at the wrong Cavendish on Jermyn Street, London which we thought we had booked.  It turned out we had booked the Cavendish Hotel on Gower Street.  We knew we were in more trouble when we arrived at the Gower Street location and there were two potted plants that were very dead on the front steps, from lack of attention.  The room was in disrepair!  The door to the room looked like it had been damaged and repaired.  The room was very small and needed serious updating!  The mattress had protruding bed springs and the rugs were very stained.  The amenities like  milk and extra pillows can not be counted on.  We had to ask for them!  The best things about this place were the free wi-fi (strong, consistent signal) and the plumbing worked…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or295-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",a major scandal this hotel has invented its own 4 star rating!!,"i had to represent my company in finding a good hotel in central london, for a visiting compuer engineer, and trusted, wrongly, the star rating of hotels on websites. this one claimed to be 145GBPounds per night, reduced to 95 and 85. the truth was that this was another 2 or 3 star at best hotel, and not 4 star of anything...... when challenged about this after the engineer's stay, the staff the rating was the management's own..... are there not laws about this? find another hotel if you read this, and perhaps teach them to be honest.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or295-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",BED AND (VERY SMALL) BREAKFAST - NOT 4 STAR!,"I would call this hotel at best a guest house or B&B but definately not a 4 star hotel! The shower head fell off and hit my husband on the head the minute he used it.  The door to the ensuite facilities was opaque and see through  which obviously did not provide any privacy!! The firniture was tatty.    The full english breakfast would not not have been enough for my 2 year old grandson i.e   1 rasher,  1 sausage, 1 tiny egg, 1/2 a tomatoe and about 10 baked beans!!        We were expecting  4 star but got B&B we were very disappointed.   That cost me £106 - never again. I dont understand why they are allowed to rate themselves 4 star - there should be a law against it!!",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or295-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",The noise from the road kept the bed bugs away,"Good grief, I new I was in a bad hotel when they gave me my door key that was split and taped up.  I was unfortunate enough to be allocated a lower ground floor. It was small, the carpet was stained but thankfully not as stained as the duvet......or the pillows. There was good mobile reception as I immediately tried to find another hotel but to my horror there was nothing avaiaqble close to Euston.   i tried to have a shower but I could not get a decent flow of water, but to be honest if there had been decent pressure I think the shower head would have come off the wall. `it was in a bad way.  i went to bed, fearing bed bugs. I did not see any, I think the noise of the road kept them at bay.  I got through the night, had a small breakfast. I wont be back.",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or295-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Dire and with bed bugs,"First, don't get caught that this hotel is positioned to be confused with another one of the same name in Mayfair! I had an ""Executive Double"". The place has a stranage transitory aire, my room had nice garden view but the carpet was dirty, no where to sit comfortably, dusty and tatty table, cramped shower, filthy mugs. But this was the good bit - after returning from my evening function and trying to sleep I awoke itching -  to my horror on the pillow  saw 2 flat bugs and caught one. That was the end of my sleep. Early in the morning I checked out but the hotel staff on reception had so little understanding of English it was hard to communicate. I left a letter for manager and then finally managed to speak with him by phone to explain why I would not be paying my £150! He…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or300-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Hugely disappointing,"Got a room here as a stopover due to its proximity to Euston and having snagged a supposedly cheap internet rate.  Given that I could have paid the same price at the Travelodge up the road, from now on I'll always err on the side of the chain.  The hotel was unbearably hot, my room was the smallest I've ever stayed in and the night clerk deeply unhelpful.  The bulb in the bedside light had blown and wasn't replaced even though I pointed this out to the staff.  The room overlooked the road and was incredibly noisy as it's on several night bus routes.  There was an extremely feeble lock on the inside of the door - not something to instil a lone female traveller with confidence, especially since it's possible to enter the hotel without being seen by reception.  Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or300-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Not the worst ""hotel"" I've stayed in","The Cavendish ""Hotel"" is definately not a four-star Hotel, a guest house or B&B at best. After trawling through the web this was the cheapest acommodation in the area so we decided to take a punt. The room was on the very top floor at the back, ideal for minimal traffic noise but a killer on the old legs. Breakfast was nice, allbeit a bit of a small portion but there are other things to eat such as cereals and fruit. The TV was disappointing; I was expecting Sky as the website stated, instead getting terrestrial with all the channels jumbled up in order.  The sink in the bathroom had a huge crack running all the way through it; how the water stayed in the sink is a bit of a mystery. Probably the best bit of the stay was the free broadband, which entertained me when there was…",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or300-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","A cheap, bed-for-the-night kind of place, certainly not 4 star. Who rates these things?","I had a tiny room; admittedly there must be better ones, but I suspect none of them have carpets. Certainly the room above me did at least have a chair - I know this because I could hear it scraping across the floor as the occupants tried to navigate around. I was wary of the breakfast sausage, but I don't think it had any dodgy meat in it, as I don't think there was any meat in it at all. I took out some packs of mild cheddar and an apple so I could have a tasteless snack later on. Funniest bit was the garden - don't believe the photos - it was particularly unkempt - empty cans and fag ends galore. There was one unopened can of Fosters in a Sainsburys bag half full of rainwater on my peeling painted windowsill. My minibar perhaps?",None,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or300-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",what a rip off !,"firstly , don't stay there . if you have booked , unbook it . my room was poky and tatty . the rates they charge are a joke . it is not 4 star - two star at best . i have slept in better tents .",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or300-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Never stay there!,"We were at this hotel for two nights. You could say that the room was enough for two people and warm but I should argue that other faults can't compensate for its 'dignities', if you can name it as such. We were astonished to see: 1. small rooms 2. awful water pressure (toilet included) 3. very bad smell 4. dirty blankets and carpets 5. the glass bathroom door in our room was opposite our pillows, so every time one of us needed it at night another one woke up because of lights on! 6. very poor breakfast 7. very expensive! *Be attentive and cancel your booking two days earlier or when you fill in the form at the reception, mark 'pay by cash' but not 'pay by credit card' - so that they won't be able to withdraw money from your account!  Resolution: make Indians give the place only…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or305-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",misleading,"I read other Tripadvisor reviews too late to cancel my booking which, fortunately, was only for one night.I had booked through a website (not Tripadvisor) which had this listed in the 4 star category-and I'm not confusing it with The Cavendish -when it ought to be under Guesthouses?B&bs. It came as a severe shock ! The small public area was shabby and thankfully I was on the 1st floor so didn't have to tackle all those stairs.I knew my room would be small but even for one night falling over my travel bag was not ideal.The room was reasonably furnished with a flat screenTV (no remote but one was found on request)and the tea making facilities were a thermos flask full of lukewarm water with supplies.Not the thing for a cold night.The radiator could be adjusted but the bed was…",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or305-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Hotel Cavendish on Bloomsbury is an IN-DECENT one,"1. They charged me twice on my credit card before I even checked-in 2. The room is small  and the bedsheet is dirty 3.  When I  notified them of my checking-out the hotel a few days earlier than my original reservation 24 hours in advance,  they charged me an extra night for that even if they told me earlier that no extra charge if it is notified 24 hours in advance 4.  During my check-in, I saw a lady with 2 children were complaining about extra charge as well.",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or305-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",HOTEL CAVENDISH BLOOMSBURY NOT CAVENDISH HOTEL CENTRAL LONDON,"I admit I booked this hotel based upon great reviews but did not realise there is two ""CAVENDISH"" hotels one in gower street bloomsbury and one in central london near picadily. Guess what i booked bloomsbury what a dissapointment i had seen the photo's on tripadvisor and when we arrived i knew something was wrong. But we checked in and took a look around this hotel is a certainly in the budget class we paid £275 for 2 nights b&b NOT a budget room rate. At the time i booked i thought that was a great deal  thinking we had booked the other CAVENDISH.   The room was OK being down a narrow coridoor with old mattreses propt up against the wall it is more suited to being a guesthouse than a hotel. In fact everything was just about ok. The breakfast was budget also with 1egg 1 sausauge…",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or305-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Washing and sleeping are all you can hope to achieve in your room.  Neither was a comfortable experience.,"This hotel is generally tired and down-at-heel.  All carpets are threadbare and paintwork scuffed.  On a mild september day, the entire hotel was hot and humid.  Seeing my single room, I assumed that I had been allocated a cabin room in error.  I checked with reception and was told that, no cabin rooms are even smaller.  I felt humbled by the thought that others must be suffering so much.  The shower room was recently decorated but so lillipultian was its aspect that I could exit it only by pressing myself against the wall opposite the door: otherwise my body impeded its (inward) opening.  The bedroom walls were a scuffed patchwork of soiled paint and unsanded filler.  It was possible to view the TV only from the bed, which added unwelcome hours of exposure to its too-thin…",Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or305-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Hotel was just what we were looking for, good price, clean and comfortable","For what we paid we couldn't expect more from this hotel.  The room was clean, the staff pleasant and breakfast was good.  We would certainly return to this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or310-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Horror Hotel - Can't be 4 Stars - Rip Off,"I have to mention that this Hotel claims to be 4 stars,but has tiny rooms no minibar,no lift .... We got the tiny room(10 sq m(100 sq feet) including bathroom) that other customers mentioned as well in their reviews and they told us it's a double room. So besides having bad service they take paing customers for fools. The breakfast is also a joke and the breakfastrom is so small that at some times guests had to stand and wait for one of the 6-7 tabels to clear. We asked at the reception if it would be a 4 star hotel and wanted a proof of that and we were told that they wold not be authorised to give such a proof.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or310-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Tiny cramped rooms, with poor amenities","The location, near the West End, University of London, and the City, is the only good thing about this hotel.  The stair carpet is threadbare, the single room I had was tiny and cramped, the safe had been left locked by the previous occupant, so could not be used, there is no air-conditioning, so on a hot August night, I wanted to open the windows.  However, there was an unopenable blind between the two levels of glazing, so this wasn't possible.  As the location is very noisy, perhaps this was fortunate.  There was a small desk-top fan as the only means of making the room tolerable for sleeping.  The carpet was grubby and the wardrobe had a very few assorted dry cleaners' hangers.  The shower produced a slow trickle of water, scarcely enough for a wash.  The breakfast was well…",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or310-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Warning- avoid this hovel,"Shocking. A room that has to be seen to be believed. Kind of the opposite of a  tardis - smaller inside than outside. No room to move. Shower room even more useless. If small is your bag though then one thing you will be delighted with will be the full english breakfast - one rasher of bacon , a sausage, an egg and (honestly) 11 baked beans ! Toast arrived 10 minutes before meal or ten minutes after meal as only one poor waitress for 30 people- couples queing out into the corridors to get a seat. You end up sharinga table - Very hot room - no satelite TV even though it says there is. In 35 years of travel this is THE worst hotel we have ever stayed in - not even a base - avoid like the proverbial plague - Tom and Maria",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or310-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel!,"I would never recommend this hotel. The room was in a 2nd floor and no lift so I had to lift my lyggage and laptop myself. When I reached the room, I have no words to describe it. was not .....the size of a midget!!. I had to jump over my luggage to get to the tiny bed....head and feet in the wall, bathroom , tiny, and water poor. I had to get out of my bedroom as soon as possible as I felt absolutely claustraphobic. The towels with hole.....so quality in general very poor. Only the location is good but does not compensate!  Overall it was an appaling hotel.",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or310-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",I feel ripped off,"Really cross with Cavendish hotel, have stayed there before and had large double room at the back which I purposefully requested again as it is much quieter. On arrival we were allocated a TINY box room which was at the front over looking Gower street, very noisy and boiling hot. When I complained we were moved to sister hotel The Langland just down the road. There the room was bigger and at the back but grubby and smelly. There were doors banging all night as people came and went as we were near reception and had very little sleep. For the money I think both hotels offer poor service and facilities and we will not be going back.",Date of stay: February 2009,2.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or315-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",awful,"stayed here for 2 nights and it was terrible  my room was minute, supposed to be a double, but the bed was far too small for a double.  There were stains on my duvet, and cup stains on the table where the veneer had been taken off...my colleagues' rooms were even worse. Their rooms were ice cold, with a sloping table (!) and saggy bed in one...and a double which was 2 singles pushed together for the other.  Moreover, when my colleague asked for an iron and board - he was directed to go downstairs to the basement, and iron his shirt in a room that looked like on of the hotel workers lived there.  Only stay here if there's nowhere else in London to go.",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or315-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Average hotel in a good location,"I stayed here in December 2008 for 1 night for a business trip. I chose it mainly because of its location, which is excellent. Short walk from Euston or Warren Street, it is located just opposite the large Waterstones bookshop in a row of terraced hotels.   My room was located right behind reception which I was a bit worried about. The room itself was fine, although I can't understand why they put up a prefab toilet and shower room, which was very small. Flat screen TV on wall was OK although a bit high up and a bit small for the distance the bed was away. Double bed was clean and comfortable. Cooked breakfast was shall we say 'minimal' but was very nice all the same.  The only real problem I had apart from the weird bathroom, was the noise. I got woken up at about 4am by people…",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or315-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very Nice,"Just returned from a one night stay.  Can only give praise to the hotel and staff.  Booked late so had to take a double room, which for a few extra pounds was well worth it.  Room clean and tidy, and at the back so extremely quite.  Had a wonderful nights sleep awoken in the morning by the smell of cooking bacon (Bliss).  Breakfast very nice and staff very helpful.",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or315-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good Location - Tiny Rooms,The location is great Walking distance from the tube. However the rooms are tiny.  They have two sizes for Double Rooms Small and Large  The small is really tiny ... no space to move around The larger one is fine ...   So call and make sure that u r getting the one with the sofa .. The other room can't fit in a sofa ...  We had to wrestle and got ourselves into the larger one.  Our friends were staying at the Regent (next door). Much better rooms for the same price.,Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or315-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",good location and price,2 minutes walk from the british museum and easy access to west end. so location is great. recent refurb by the look of things and the room was clean and bathroom newish. room was a triple i.e. twin with campbed so was a bit cramped. we paid £145 which seemed reasonable value for london! room however was stifling hot. on third floor with small sash window. unfortunately it was hottest weekend of trhe year. think carefully if you visit in summer. breakfast was mediocre. small portions even for us girls and service was questionable. would stay again though if i wanted cheap(ish) stay in good location and a small brekkie-maybe only in winter though!,Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or320-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Great on Location, Not so Great on Value","My husband & I stayed there with friends for a long weekend in June 2008.  Rooms were fine - probably above average size for central London, and bathrooms were very well appointed with full size bath & separate shower.  My main complaint was breakfast.  The restaurant apparently has 2 AA rosettes but clearly no-one told the breakfast chef.  For £21 per person (plus service) we were treated to mediocre fare indeed.  My overcooked omlette was accompanied by a pot of lukewarm water and a tea-bag floating in a cup;  a friend wanted only continental breakfast but got charged the same ridiculous sum for serving herself.  The full breakfast was overwhelming in quantity and could have fed all four of us, had that been our mood, but all-in-all the coffee and muffins we ate across the…",Date of stay: June 2008,2.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or320-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Beware,"A truly dreadful hotel.  The room was hardly bigger than the uncomfortable foam double bed.  The temperature was sweltering - despite it not being particularly warm outside.  The window could not be left open as the traffic noise was so loud.  The trucks thundering past made the sash windows rattle.  I have never been in a hotel room (despite back-packing around the world) that I have been afraid to close my eyes in.    I implore you - STAY AWAY.  Definately not worth the £145 that the company I work for, paid for my experience.",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or320-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I decided to try this hotel in spite of mixed reviews because all the others nearby and of similar price had consistently bad reviews. I was cosy but not suffocated, comfortable and quiet. My single room had double glazing with blinds enclosed, so I never worked out how to look outside. Gower Street was reasonably close to St Pancras for the Eurostar. I took a taxi with my 2 suitcases, backpack and walking stick - tube or bus would have been easy without the baggage. When they saw me, they put me on the first floor thank goodness. The stairs are very steep. I had just enough room to move my suitcases around and repack. Breakfast was bountiful and early.",Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or320-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Nice cosy place,"It is located at a very convenient spot. Was very clean and the lobby was lavender-scented. It might be tiny and there aren't any lifts (had a terrible time dragging my luggages up and down the stairs) but i find it rather cosy. Nice reception staff and breakfast was delicious. Although the price is a little steep for a b&b, i wld definitely come back to this b&b again.",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or320-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",It has character!,"I love this place.  It's close to tube stops and the British Museum, and the Beatles stayed there for chrissakes!  All of the other complaints here are valid, I'm sure, but also just part of the aging, authentic house that it is.  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2005,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or325-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Smelly, small, shabby","It is easy to see why this so called hotel has a self appointed 4 star rating. The web descriptions and photos do not really show a true picture. (Clever photographer) and do not indicate that the rating is self appointed.   We booked a double room for 4 nights at a reasonable price between 125 - 145 per night between Christmas and new year. We arrived at the hotel prior to booking in time and walked into what I can only describe as the seediest reception I have ever visited, gloomy and stale. The gentleman at the desk however was very friendly and helpful. He informed us that we were in room 103 and that it was one of the best rooms. A good start. (Thank goodness we were on the First floor, No lift!!) The hotel appeared to be reasonably clean but smelled musty.  The Room:…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or325-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great Stay,We stayed at the Hotel Cavendish for a two night break at the beginning of December 2007. The London trip was a 40th birthday present from my husband and we took in the sights of London visited he Terracotta Army Exhibition and had a great meal at Fifteen - Jamie Oliver's. The Hotel was okay it had everything you needed it was clean airy and light. The bathroom looked as though it was a new suite. The room was a great size the bathroom was okay but a little small but both were very clean and well presented. Would we stay here again - yes we would. We were shocked to read the other reviews we did not have a bad experience at all. Our room did not look over the main road but to the back of the property so it was not as noisy. But what can you expect from London every street is a…,Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or325-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great Disaster,"This is the most terrible hotel I have ever visited.    First of all, no ventilation is available at the hotel, the smell is so disgusting that I can hardly breath well.    When we entered the room, you can't believe that the floor is tilted by 20 degree, that means the floor is not flat land, but is a slope. I feel dizzy instantly.  Then, I would like to take a rest on the bed, which lead us to another terrible part.  The structure of the bed is so fragile and you won't dare to sleep on it.    Of course, no need to mention that the single layer of the window will give yiou a feel that the double-deck buses are just next to you.  It costs us 105 pounds per nite.  But, I have to say that I won't enter this hotel again even if it's free of charge.",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or325-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",like sleeping outside,"hi all, went for the weekend with my husband for our 10th wedding anniversary and to meet some friends ,checked in at 8.30 pm got changed and went for a meal ( which was fantastic). came back for 11pm got in bed and thought the window was open because of the motorway- like traffic noise and serious draught,went to shut ut but to my suprise it was allready shut, there was a 2 inch gap at the bottom of the window and when its middle of november in london it is quite cold.i went down to reception to asked to be moved at 12.30AM it was unbearable  even my husband couldnt sleep and he can sleep on a clothes line.and guess what,full.i told him i need movin to another hotel then and they were very understandingthey moved us to one near kings cross in a taxi.nearly same room on a busy…",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or325-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Glad It Was Just One Night,"I stayed at the cavendish for one night on 8/11 and booked through the hotel website @95gbp which is pretty good for the location.We (me and husband) arrived late at nigh -1 am- and the guy at reception was friendly and nice to us . So far so good. Room was on 2nd floor without lift but no problem there cause luckily our bags were not heavy altough big.. When I entered the room I was pretty shocked by its size ! no room to open or just place the suitcases and the smallest double bed  I've ever seen was situated against the wall with the only window . OK, we just needed a place to rest for a few hours but the worst had yet to come. The window had no double glazing and had a gap in it that let (very) cold air blowing over the two of us the entire time. Trucks roaring and speeeding…",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or330-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Would not recommend this hotel,"I would class this as a bed and breakfast rather than a hotel.  It is an  old georgian building with sash windows which, in the room I stayed in, were in a terrible state of disrepair.  This resulted in an almost unbearable amount of noise from the busy road below and I had little sleep on the two nights that I stayed, I asked to be moved to a room further away from the road but was informed that all rooms were booked.  I asked the hotel manager to book a taxi to take my husband and I to a restaurant a short distance from the hotel, I strongly suspect that this was an unlicensed taxi as the driver had no identification, the car was unmarked and the fare cost three times what it should.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and would not stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or330-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Service? What service.,"We stayed at the Hotel Cavendish for an anniversary theatre break. The location of the cavendish was superb and was in easy walking distance to theatreland. The hotel itself was clean and well presented.  However, the problems started as soon as we arrived.  The room was decorated to a good standard and was clean but this seemed to mask the poor amenities. Firstly, the new posh flatscreen lcd t.v  was green and therefore unwatchable. We complained to the front desk and the receptionist came up to see for himself. He did not try to fix it apart from 'I'll let the manager know.'   After arriving back from a great evening at the theatre I decided to have a shower only to find that it literally dribbled water. It would have taken an age to have washed. Again, I told the night…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or330-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Good location, but...","...the room we stayed in (LG1) was very small for three people. It was between the breakfast room and the kitchen (which started at 06:30 every morning) so no sleeping in. Perhaps they shouldn't even rent out that room.  The staff and service was okay.  And things seemed reasonably clean.   No lift, so if you have bags, you will have to take them up and down some of the smallest steps we ran into.    Venere ended up making two identical reservations for the hotel (which they picked up on before we arrived).",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or330-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Noiseiest Hotel I've ever stayed in (and I've been to a few),"On checking in I was initially impressed by the location but once we returned in the evening the problems became apparent. No double glazing and rotten windows and shutters whose hinges had come away from the wall,  and could easily fall on a less observant guest's head, so no effective sound insulation. Consequently our attempts at sleep were accompanied by the sounds of numerous heavy goods vehicles using the very busy Gower steet outside, honestly it sounded as though the windows were wide open. Just thinking about it is making me tired.   We greeted the morning ready for absolutely nothing with our eyes smarting from lack of sleep. I told recdeption about these problems and was met with polite and well practiced indifference (and no offer of a refund of any sort).  Maybe the…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or330-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Tiny rooms, great service and location","A simple good hotel in Central London. For the price, the hotel is honest: tiny single rooms. Best feature: service. Very efficient and really pleasant staff. They will try to help you with anything you need. Wifi. Very good deal. I stayed here twice and will ceratinly stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or335-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Really great hotel and location,"Booked through Lastminute and stayed for the weekend.  Really liked the room and hotel location. Great bed, shower etc etc....in fact I cant find any faults.   Would have liked to order breakfast in bed, but that sadly did seem to be very overpriced. So we had breakfast outside the hotel.  Would def book again.",Date of stay: July 2007,5.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or335-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good,"Clean and comfortable rooms.  Good Service.  My room was particularily small but perfect for one.  Definetly would recomend making sure you get a bigger room, if traveling with others.  Great location. ",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or335-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Claustrophobic? Don't stay here,"I had been to Hotel Cavendish before the renovations, back when it was owned by a very erratic, messy yet enthusiastic person. Back then the rooms were not exactly up to par -- the breakfast room was not really clean, my room had bare walls and a window that wouldn't shut properly -- but the rates reflected this quality and frankly, the location could hardly be better.  I decided to book the same hotel for a business trip to London. I checked their Web site and was encouraged by pretty pictures of modern rooms. I was a litle surprised that such a small hotel, with small rooms to begin with could turn into the pretty pictures on the site. Considering that the rates had tripled (yes, tripled), I figured the quality had also tripled. I booked a single room.  On arrival it was clear…",Date of stay: March 2007,2.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or335-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Almost Perfect,"I had a great experience.  The staff was friendly, the area was quite while still close to everything, the room was clean, the breakfast was excellent.  The only thing preventing me from rating this a perfect excellent is the false fire alarm going off 3 out of 6 mornings!  Thank goodness I have a healthy heart, because the alarm nearly gave me a heart attack all 3 mornings. ",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or335-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",best choice!,"I've just come back from London, where I spent a weekend with a friend. Everybody was saying hotels in London are expensive, with tiny dirty rooms, so I was kind of worried. I made the reservation for the Cavendish hotel through the website Venere.com and I had no problems at all with both the website and the hotel. This small hotel is in a very good location, in a quiet street in the center of London, in short walking distance from the British Museum and from several tube and bus stops. The room had a decent size, not huge, but big enough, the bed was big, we could also have twin beds that I asked in the notes, 'cause it didn't look available in the automatic form for the request. The bathroom was tiny, with only shower, but you could easily move inside and it was really clean,…",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or340-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good for London,"My friend and I had to stay in London because of the dreadful storm this week, and as this hotel is around the corner from our office, we booked it. They were friendly on the phone, and we could choose between rooms. I asked for two at the back. Both 201 and 301 were lovely with 201 being bigger by a tiny bit. Reception was efficient and friendly. Bathrooms was great very clean. The space in the room was big for central London. It is a very good location if you are a visitor to London. If you are a light sleeper the back is better. Breakfast was fine, plenty of choice, light English breakfast - coffee a bit strong Service fine! All in all very pleasant.  Only bad point - room too hot, but I find that in most hotels in England! ",Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or340-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Great rooms, poor service","On arrival I was told that I would be staying ""next door"" for the first night. No apology or anything! The hotel manager accompanied me 5 minutes down the street (i.e. not next door at all!) to another hotel. There, he proceeded to have an argument with the woman at that hotel before showing me to a room. I don't recall the name of this other hotel.   The room was a reasonable size but the floor was dirty. I kept stepping on bits of food (or something). There was nowhere to hang my clothes, which were drenched from the rain. The next morning when I returned to the Hotel Cavendish, my room wasn't ready, but I was able to leave my case there. I returned later and they kept saying it'd be ready in ""15 minutes"" but this happened several times and it was about 3pm before I got in…",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or340-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Excessive road noise, but nice location","Avoid any room at the front of this hotel.  The road noise is excessive as Gower Street is a busy road.  Good central location. Hotel staff were pleasant, good breakfast and nice refurbishment.  Just take your ear plugs...  Apparently, they cannot put in sound insulation into this listed building.  However, I looked at the hotels either side and they has clearly done so. ",Date of stay: September 2006,3.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or340-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Very clean, comfortable, good value","Recently spent one night here with 3 friends in a quad room (approx 100 pounds for the room, incl full English breakfast). Hotel renovations are obvious-- it just smells ""new"" when you walk in (in a pleasant way). Everything looks new and clean, decor is fine. Reception to the right just as you come in the door was adequate and comfortable. We arrived later than expected thanks to a transportation problem, and the reception clerk was very friendly and helpful with recommending restaurants still open at the late hour. Room was large with one king and one double bed, and decent sized bathroom ensuite (shower only). Flat screen TV, fireplace, desk with kettle/coffee/tea/shortbread, armoire. Very very clean, beds were comfortable. We were on the ground floor at the street, but noise…",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or340-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London","Laptop got stolen, no hot water and unreliable Hotelmanager","I stayed in this hotel in May 2006 for two (2) weeks. I can absolutely sign and underline the former reviews. If you stay only for a weekend, you might not realise all the problems of think, it is just a temporay problem as the manager tries to explains it. BUT.. if you stay longer, you reckon, that the Hotelmanager keeps telling the same story to each complaining guest and acts as if this guest is the first one complaining about missing hot water. After a few nights my laptop got stolen and I found it hidden under the roof. ",Date of stay: May 2006,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or345-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Not quite there...,"It is encouraging to see that a number of cheap budget hotels in London are getting upgraded. This can only be good for both travellers and the London tourist trade.  The Cavendish is one such hotel. Situated in a row of similar looking hotel in busy Gower Street, it offers a reasonable standard of accommodation. My room on the first floor (107) had been nicely decorated and was large with thick curtains, high celiling, a powerful fan and a decent new LCD TV. It did lack a waste bin in the room itself and the newly installed en suite bathroom was small and lacking a couple of items (soap tray in the shower, drinking glasses) that one would expect. It was spotless however.  The staff were all friendly and seemed hard working. They took my case to my room, not something you expect…",Date of stay: July 2006,3.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or345-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Chaos rules,"The hotel  is under new management, and while they've remodelled the building, they've also kind of lost control of the basics.  For instance, I discovered that my room had no toilet paper in the most inconvenient possible way.  There were no drapes or blinds on the windows, which is both a privacy issue, and makes it harder to sleep off your jet lag.  The office gave the impression of complete administrative chaos, an impression confirmed when I got back home, and found that my credit card had been charged for an extra day -- I'm still trying to resolve this problem, and they haven't gotten back to me on it.  (That one's a big deal -- getting the billing right is something you just have to do.)  Oh, and the reservation confirmation promises TVs and phones in the rooms, and that…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or345-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",comfortable and convenient,"We stayed here for 4 days in late June and found the hotel to be better than our expectations. It's proximity to the British Museum was a big plus for us.  The rooms have all been recently refurbished and are bright and modern, and while not 100% done, we had everything we wanted. The beds are really comfortable and the flat screen tv was great for watching the world cup soccer matches. The in room safes were fitted during our stay.  The staff were friendly and very efficient, especially the waitress at breakfast. We were given a tour of the new reception area which was almost complete and looks stunning. The narrow old stairs down to the breakfast room were the only negative for us.  We would certainly stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2006,4.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or345-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Great Value,"We have stayed in several European hotels, and this was our second visit to Hotel Cavendish.   Hotel Cavendish is a great hotel for price.  It's not the Ritz, but the new management has done a great job re-furbishing the place.  Compared to a year ago, the place is almost unrecognizable.  The rooms have been completly updated.  New carpet, paint, furniture, flat screen t.v.s . . . and most (maybe all) now have ensuite bathrooms!  We had a great visit, and would definately return.   I think most of the problems other travelers reported were related to the management changes and the heavy remodeling.  When we were there (June 10-13) they were still working on the reception, but the new rooms, hallways and breakfast room were all up and running.  They were very close to being…",Date of stay: June 2006,5.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or345-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Pros and Cons,"I stayed at the Cavendish hotel while attending a conference at the nearby Birkbeck college recently, which was a mixed experience...  On the plus side:  1.  The rooms have been refurbished recently and as a result are clean and smart. 2.  The ensuite bathrooms, though very small, are immaculate, and definately a plus as many London hotel rooms at this price have shared facilities. 3.  The price is very good for London. 4.  The location is convenient.  On the down side:  1.  There is no proper reception area at the moment (though I believe one is being put in the new wing next door) so I had to drag my bags about the hotel before managing to locate the manager to check in. 2.  The manager kindly let me into 'my' room before the check in time, but when I got there somebody elses…",Date of stay: April 2006,2.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or350-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Nicely designed hotel,I stayed at the Cavendish after having stayed four months earlier.  The hotel is very clean and nicely redecorated with Flat screen TV and modem and new en suite.  Very good hotel just like their web site but check in was slow. Friendly staff and good breakfast included in price.  Location is excellent but Gower street noisy.  Overall very pleasant stay in London. ,Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or350-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Eventually What We Expected,"Our experience at the Cavendish was a ""comedy of errors"", not very laughable at times. On April 30 I received an e mail confirmation of my reservation for May 24 to 27. About 3 weeks later I was in contact with the hotel by e mail again to inquire about transportation and nearby restaurants. They responded quickly and efficiently. On the morning of May 24 before departing for London I also e mailed the hotel to remind them that we would be checking in very late.  With all this correspondence one would think I would be known to the small staff. When we arrived at 11:30PM on the 24th the hotel did not have my name or any recod of the reservation despite all the previous communiqués  Nor did they have a room since they apparently had a leak on the second floor. They told us to go…",None,2.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or350-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Don't even attempt to stay here!,"I made my reservations well in advance, and after reading the reviews here, I sent an additional email to confirm my reservations, hoping to avoid being bumped to another hotel as some others have been.  We arrived at 10:30 a.m., well before check-in, only to be told that they already had no room for us that night.  We understood that we would not be able to check in at the time, but we had expected to be able to leave our luggage and return at the proper time to claim the room we had reserved.  Instead, we were walked over to Tavistock Hotel for the night.  We returned the next morning to see if there was a room available, and we couldn't get a direct answer.  We asked to see a room to help us decide if we'd rather just stay at the Tavistock Hotel for our enire visit, and the…",Date of stay: May 2006,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or350-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Almost perfect.,"We stayed at the Cavendish for 3 nights. The room was nice, the service Ok, the breakfast excellent. Only one complaint: one night the heating was turned off (temp outside was 4°C). Other than that (which was promptly solved) our stay was enjoyable. The hote is located 2 blocks away from the Undrground, but a few steps away is a bus stop that takes you anywhere. Moreover, it is three blocks away from the British Museum. We liked the hotel very much and recomend it ",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or350-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Very Nice place to stay,"We stayed in this brand new refurbished hotel beginning of May and really appreciated our stay here. It is very well located, in central but quiet area, near the underground and many bus stops. Our room was big and very nicely decorated, with all facilities, new design furniture, flat screen, free internet access. Buffet-breakfast was also very much appreciated. And most of all, welcome was very warmful and service really good. We will come back. ",Date of stay: May 2006,5.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or355-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Couldn't stay - Awful!,"We booked to stay here towards the end of May through a booking company I read the description, which stated the the hotel had been recently refurbished to a 'high standard'. I booked for two couples from North Wales. We arrived first. The hotel looked shabby from the outside, the entrance hall looked like a cheap B+B. We squeezed past two ladies with mops and buckets to get to the 'reception' - that was in a cupboard at the back of some narrow stairs. We were told we could leave our luggage in the breakfast room, this was down some more narrow stairs to the basement, and looked like student lodging. I was almost in tears by this time, particularly as I was responsible for booking it. I admit I never saw the bedrooms, but I was so horrified by the rest, that we managed to…",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or355-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Pretty good for the price and location,"I stayed at the Hotel Cavendish last night, I didn't arrive until 11pm so all I wanted was a comfortable, clean bed for the night which is what I got. The room was tiny but very clean, it was identical to the ones shown in the photos a couple of reviews before this one.  The bathroom was very nice, again tiny, but very clean and new.  I couldn't find a remote for the TV anywhere and after reading previous review I now realise that I had to ask for it and pay a deposit, no-one explained this to me... The breakfast was ok for the price (£50 for a single room) although the stairs down to the breakfast room were very wonky and I tripped coming back up them!  Gower Street is very noisy, but then you have to expect some noise in Central London!  The hotel is a 10 minutes stroll from…",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or355-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",nice experience,"I booked the hotel for one night, without knowing much about the hotel and I got a good surprise. People very kind at the reception, very correct price, bed confortable, with all comodities in the room, and in the morning, another surprise, the garden in the center of London where I'll have a chance to have my breakfast when I come back in summer... but in the mean time I had a good english breakfast, in a very nice and enlighten room downstairs. ",None,5.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or355-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Hotel Cavendish is great,"We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Cavendish very much. The staff was very helpful and it was very clean. The location was wonderful. They are doing renovations now, like adding a new lounge, which will make it even nicer. Breakfast in the morning was one of the best I have seen in hotels. Everyone was very courteous, and it was overall a great experience. ",None,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or355-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Sunny stay with too many shadows - wouldn't recommend it,"I have stayed at Hotel Cavendish for 3 nights at the beginning of March 2006. First of all, I have to say that the location is simply great, both regarding closeness to everything a tourist needs (attractions, food, shopping, cinemas) and safety (female travelling alone). If you are heading towards Trafalgar Square or Victoria, there is a bus stop just a few steps away on Gower street. I had one of the refurbished single rooms on the 2nd floor (206), and as I didn´t expect too much space I found the room new and nice, especially the heavenly bed and the brandnew bathroom with lots of soft towels. The room  also has a flatsreend LCD TV (SAT). As regards to the breakfast, I cannot give any statement because I always missed it. 8-9 in the morning was just too early for me, but I…",Date of stay: March 2006,2.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or360-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",do not stay here,"The hotel as a hotel is nice as it's been refurbished but the service was horrible.  When I arrived the owner attempted to put me in another hotel next door for one night that was horrible.  Obviously he had overbooked.  When I didn't agree he didn't know what to do with me until I finally had to stay at a friend's house.  When I arrived the next day the I said, okay at least he gave me a double room for the week instead of a single at a really good price.  To my surprise, there was no telephone, even though they advertise they do on the internet.  This was something horrible for me as I spend the week in the cold on payphones.  When I asked to use their phone, they were hesitant and they actually took two pounds from me for calling within London for 10 minutes.      During the…",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or360-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Good hotel in Central London,"Overall rating for the price/class of hotel: 4/5 To keep it at this level, the visitors need to keep coming, so check this hotel out.  Under new management since June, my visit in January 2006 for 4 days was comfortable.  I stayed in an executive suite, which was very well furnished and pristine. I had a hot water carafe, tea, milk sachets and sugar in the room. The management and staff are courteous and helpful, and its a very personal hotel even though it has quite a few rooms under one roof.   Breakfast was fine by me, as a vegetarian. I was happy with the cereals, juices, toast. The hotel does offer a wider menu for the breakfast, which is included free, but I did not sample it.  Heating is very good, even on the 2nd floor (US 3rd floor). One day the room seemed cold, and…",None,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or360-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Nice New Rooms,After reading the reviews about work being carried out I was hesitant but decided to stay at the hotel after visiting the web site.  What a surprise! The contrast between the old rooms and newly decorated modern rooms is amazing. For the price and location the new rooms are a bargain. The rooms are as they appear on the web site unlike other hotels which carry old pictures.   I look forward to vising the place again in the summer by when it will be ready. ,Date of stay: January 2006,4.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or360-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Pleasantly pleased,"I'd have to say that for the price I was paying, I was very pleased. The newly decorated rooms are great, equipped with everything I needed. The hotel is very clean, and the room was well heated, hot water all the time, TV with all the channels I wanted to watch (more than your basic package), and the staff are very friendly and accommodating. I really have no complaints. I should note that they are currently undergoing renovations, but they go on during the day when most of the residents are out and about, so unless you're sleeping in late, this place is great for the price. ",Date of stay: January 2006,5.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or360-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Cavendish Unsatisfactory,"My husband and I were not informed at the time of booking with the Cavendish that they would be under extensive reconstruction(not redecorating). I am allergic to construction materials like fresh paint, sawdust,etc. We were initially given a room in an unsecured,adjacent building with no door staff and without a real lock on the door..imagine the door on a storage shed. We were moved to another room after we expressed concern about being placed in a construction site and having no working television, lock on door, etc. The new room was upstairs in the main hotel..also under construction. The workers were nice enough to move the ladders and paint and tools out of the way every time we needed to leave or return to the room. They were nice enough to refrain from sawing, drilling,…",Date of stay: January 2006,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or365-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Nice family hotel gone downhill,"I'd stayed at this hotel when it was run by a very friendly and theatrical family, so looked forward to my stay this year. However, the previous owners have retired and the management has deteriorated dramatically. On arrival, I was sent to another hotel 3 doors down & given one of the tiniest rooms I've ever stayed in! The management was just adequate, but brusque, and the breakfast hours somewhat trying - breakfast stopped at 8.30-am even on Sunday.  What had been a charming (if eccentric) oasis on Gower Street has become just another cheap hotel, and I didn't feel particularly safe either. I'll book early for the Arosfa in future. ",Date of stay: November 2005,2.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or365-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",redecorated room,This hotel is being redocated and I was lucky to stay at the new room. The new rooms are a real gem with new en -suite and new decor with flat screen TV.  For the price this hotel is an oasis in the heart of London and it is real good value for money although  the redecoration is still going on.I look forward to going there again when the whole hotel is done. ,Date of stay: December 2005,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or365-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Charging problems,"I stayed for a night at this hotel, not great, but with good breakfast and cheap. First problem: we were given a wrong room. When we got into the room we saw that it was already occupied. This shows an important lack of security. The biggest problem came a month later with my credit card balance. They've charged me twice. When I phoned them, they told me that they were giving me a refund the following day. After a week, they said they were not going to give me the money back because 'according to their records' I had stayed more nights. After I convinced that that was false, they again promised to make the refund. So far, it's almost two months since that happened I haven't seen my money back. The hotel's adminitration is a mess: they confuse who is staying in which room, lose…",Date of stay: August 2005,2.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d574687-Reviews-or365-Cavendish_Hotel_Bloomsbury-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cavendish Hotel- Bloomsbury Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"I was a single traveller at the time and found the Cavendish a pleasant place to stay.  The single room was tiny and the bath and shower were on different floors but just as others say I was in London for the sights not the room.  The bed was comfortable, the owners friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was great. Cavendish Hotel is also so close to the sights I easily walked to the tube or a sight nearby. ",Date of stay: July 2001,4.0
