,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or0-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",THIEVES,"DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL!!! Like other reviewers on here a stay was booked at this hotel in June 2020 but due to COVID and a NATIONAL LOCKDOWN the hotel was unable to be used. The reservation for this hotel was made through Booking.com and again like other reviewers a refund has been sought due to the reasons as mentioned above. The hotel has been spoken to via phone with the apparent manager named Kulan, emailed directly via their own link on their website and also directly by Booking.com to authorise the refund but their actual assistance in authorising this is very unforthcoming despite their numerous promises. USE AT YOUR OWN PERIL but I certainly wouldn’t advise even contemplating making use of this establishment and their customer service is an ABSOLUTE JOKE!!!",Date of stay: July 2020,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or0-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Won't give a refund!,"I had booked this hotel for 18th June 2021. Through no fault of my own,  due to covid restrictions and it being non essential travel, I had to cancel.  4 times now the hotel have agreed to give me a refund.  All they have to do is an email to booking.com and I can get my money back.  This has been going on several months now and still no refund. I have even emailed them myself asking for a reply so that I can send that to booking.com.    I am sorry but this is very poor service. Maybe someone will get back to me thru here!",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or0-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Short and sweet, it had everything we needed and the staff are very friendly. Old building and a good pub with pool tables and other forms of entertainment. TV in the room and a mini fridge. Good view and in a good location for food/shopping.",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or0-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe the negative reviews,"I travel for business and spend a lot of time in London. It's expensive for hotels in london. I always stay here when in London. For me it's cheap, clean, consistent, free parking outside, near a Sainsbury's and lots of shops and there is a pub down stairs and the staff are great. It is a pub with rooms above so please dont expect luxury. I stay in a different hotel every night and this place is great for me and under £100 a night which is hard to find in London. Beds are always clean and rooms are generally nice. I'm not on holiday so for me it's perfect. There is a large Turkish community here in harringay which means amazing food and breakfast is amazing at one of the cafes within walking distance. This is London without breaking the bank and the price who left negative reviews are obviously expecting too much. Just to be clear, I'm a business owner of a nationwide bathroom company and if I think it's good then it's worth helping out a local business and not give our money to big chain hotels. If it helps there a McDonald's over the road. …",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or0-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay and service,"Lovely beds and great service from Kulan, who provides great convo too. Hot water, TV and shower gel provided. Very clean, no noise, great price. 10/10. Bar downstairs and a great nights sleep, what more do you need?!",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or5-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Decent night nice staff,"I booked this place at the last minute and I got a very good deal from booking.com It’s not the RITZ but I didn’t expect the Ritz for 35 a night My room was clean,comfortable bed enabling me to have a good night sleep The staff were nice.Good location right next to lots of good eateries and coffee shops and the train station  Thankyou",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or5-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Worst ""Hotel"" in London","Do not go here. I booked this hotel on booking.com and wrote in the comments I could be late checking in. I get to the hotel at midnight and the HOTEL IS LOCKED UP. I was left in London on my own at midnight looking for a room. Absolutely madness. THIS IS NOT A HOTEL. I ring up the next day and they were extremely rude and blamed it on me. I rang booking.com and got them to ring me and they said they spoke to the manager and he already spoke to me in which he DID NOT. LIES. NO REFUND. I ring the hotel again and THEY HANG up after saying the manager won't be there until Sunday. THIS ""HOTEL"" is run by COWBOYS. DO NOT GO NEXT OR NEAR THIS ""HOTEL"".",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or5-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Great value room,"1st impressions of pub downstairs mixed. Our room was on the top floor with many steep stairs. The room we stayed in is ideal for a couple of nights stay. Enough room. Very clean & well equipped, fridge with plenty of milk, more than enough tea & coffee & breakfast cereals. Linen & towels smelt so good & clean. It was ideal for our visit. ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or5-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible, Filthy, smelly cigarette and other illegal substances..","We booked a couple rooms for us and guests as we had wedding in a Fantastic venue near by. On the first night ( Friday night ) someone just open the door room with a key!!! we( 3 ladies) had the wedding next day (couldnt rest). managed to talk to manager , he fantastically changed the locked next day(as there is no staff during night time) but again 4 am someone was in the room while all sleeping,refused to get out, and when out keep banging on the door, they have to called the police as they were terrified ( He was escorted out of the premises, but comeback in to the building later. My friend was shaken and traumatized, and left. And we feel humiliated!!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or5-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT GO HERE,"If I could give 0 stars then I would. What an awful experience we have had. I had read a few reviews previous to visiting and thought ah it can’t be that bad, but it really can! It’s literally awful.   The pub below is dirty, scabby and unpleasant. We had to walk through this as a main entrance to the rooms. The locals in this pub were unpleasant. Every time I walked by they would stare at us and not stop, they were rowdy and drunk every night. The walls are paper thin you can hear everything going on when you’re in the room. 2am and they were singing loudly and shouting. The traffic outside is loud due to the glass being single glazing. Every time bus goes by the room shakes.   The rooms are absolutely FILTHY. The walls had brown splats of something all up them, marks, stains…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or10-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Not great or hygienic! ,"More cons than pros unfortunately; used condom in bathroom bin, room didn’t look clean and very outdated. Needs a lot of TLC! People on the bar are clueless, no ice, warm mixers and too often I have come in here and the main mixer tap has been empty and they try to deny this! I think they need new staff who are trained in hospitality and bar tendering! Only giving a 2/5 rating due to its good location and recent refurbishment on the exterior of the building; it’s a shame they don’t focus on the basics first! ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or10-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Great location fair price,"We stayed here for 1 night and enjoyed our stay, this hotel is in the perfect location for visiting finsbury park. The room was clean with a clean bathroom. Of course this hotel is by no means the Ritz but good value for money, clean and in a great location. Perfect for a night. The staff were very friendly and helpful and swapped our room so we could check in early. ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or10-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Condom wrapper down side of bed....,"Stayed for one night for work purposes  Pros - Good location (right opposite Green lanes retail park & near Finsbury park)  Bed was soft  Cons -  Under the bed by the wall was a Condom wrapper and tons of dust. Obviously not hoovered under the bed.  Half drank small bottle of apple juice in fridge left behind and half empty shower gel left in shower  Fridge didn't chill drinks  Decoration v shabby, bathroom seemed dirty & odd old exposed pipes  Linens were old. One pillow per person.  TV had no signal at all  V hot room & no fan supplied. Too noisy outside (police sirens) to keep window open  Have to climb tons of stairs to get to all the rooms  This seems the sort of hotel you can rent for 20 minutes with an escort. Everything seems grubby(hence the empty condom wrapper under…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or10-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Good location. good value for money,Booked twin room but got upgraded to triple.very spacious and well mantained. Location is bout 20 mins on tube from centre which. Has loads of shops and resturants nearby. Also not far from The mall in wood green. Im hoping to go back for the weekend again in summer and would look into booking this hotel again.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or10-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",NO RUNNING WATER,"Stayed here as I went to a festival nearby, woke up slightly hungover the next day, just wanted a shower and to freshen up for a day of sight seeing, no running water.  No shower, no flushing toilet, no running taps. Thank god I filled my water bottle up the night before as I had a little something to at least brush my teeth with. When I told the receptionist she said ""I know"". No apology, no compensation, no bottles of water given, no alternate options offered, appalling!  Had I read these reviews beforehand I would not have booked this hotel, just another hotel nearby cancelled me hours before I checked in.  So overall don't stay in this area! Pay extra and stay in a nice hotel with flushing toilets and warm showers.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or15-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","WARNING: Beaconsfield is not a hotel, but a pub with some guest room above.","My experince with ""Beaconsfield Hotel"" can be called extremely unfortunate. Due to the balated flight I have reached the ""hotel"" at 23.15 and I found it shut and dark. The administrattion was warned that I could be late. I have prepaid 2 noights stay at this establishment and knowing the hotel cancellation policy I have expected at least the second night refund. The management has shown extreme greed and lack of any consideration and my 128 punds have not been refunded in entirety nor in part. BE WARNED: this establishment has no night reception and it is noit a hotel but some guest rooms abovet the noisy pub on the street corner. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or15-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Not the most reliable,"Booked to stay on 5th June 2018, my flight into London was delayed by 4 hours so I phoned the hotel to tell them I would be checking in late- past 11pm. The hotel agent then went on to tell me that I had no room in the hotel, even though I had received a confirmation email the previous week. After being told that I had no room at the hotel I then had to make a last minute booking with a local travel lodge where I was able to stay the night. I then checked my bank the next day and Beaconsfield hotel had still taken my money- I tried to contact the hotel for a refund but no response. I had to file for a refund through my bank. Decide for yourself whether you think another hotel might be more reliable.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or15-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",The worst experience I’ve ever had! ,"This hotel is a joke. We arrived and had to wait 30 mins while our room was “cleaned” well I don’t know what they were doing because when we went to our room it was disgusting. I couldn’t find the TV remote only eventually discover it had been thrown under the bed. Under the bed where dirty tissues used bottles and god knows what else. I reported it to the bar and we were moved to another room. In the new room the bin was completely full of someone’s old kebab and other crap! We reported it when we left and when we returned it was still full!! The room was uncomfortable, grubby not decorated with properly with splattered paint on the wall and a dirty old ceiling. It was also boiling hot in the room for some reason so we opened the window the strange porthole windows just flopped…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or15-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",It was ok,"Positives: myself and a friend stayed here for a cheap price, the hotel staff were friendly, a decent place if you want to put your head down. On arrival staff showed us to the room and supplied two bottles of water.  Negatives: staff take awhile to get you sorted. The room is very small and does need some work as there are stains on the ceiling and bits of paint on the wall,the toilet in the bathroom has very little room but could be fixed flat against the wall instead of angled. Overall if your looking for somewhere cheap to put your head down after an event this is a idea for you",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or15-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",IS THIS EVEN LEGAL?,"OK, so first of all.. if your looking for EastEnders Queen Vic, you got it!  reception? the reception is the bar inside in the pub! god give me strength. my friend and I waited around 30-35 mins in.. after travelling nearly 4 hours to this destination as you can imagen I was starving! so 5 mins into waiting to be check in I ran over to MacDonald's, (across the road - only fab thing about this). After getting checked in legs aching after doing abit of spinning gym sesh there was no option for a left only 4 long flights of stairs. we reach our room, which was based on top floor MacDonald's view.. again fab.. because I love food.. only to find that there is like 3 beds squished in a max 2 by 1 square metre room. Anyway this aside we said what else can happen.. well let me tell you…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or20-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"If you're looking for a half decent night's sleep then stay away from here. The walls are paper thin so everything can be heard from the rooms next door as well as the hallways. Literally every floorboard creeks, every door slams and it's located on a busy London road. Unfortunately our double beds metal frame was still in one piece, it would of been a better sleep if the mattress was just on the floor but there wasn't enough to room to do that. The bedframe made the worst high pitched creak everytime you flinched, it was more annoying than anything.  Then there was our bathroom, firstly the door didn't have a lock and you'd need to slam the door for it to actually shut. Once inside, when sat on the toilet your knees are touching the door. There was some very obvious brown…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or20-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,Very bad service  Reception doesn't pick up calls and manager doesn't care what happens to customers.terrible experience.sat at the bar all day with no one attending to use . We had to book another hotel,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or20-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic, not very comfortable","I booked this hotel for a weeks stay in London because it was relatively cheap. I wish i had paid a little more to stay in a nicer place to be honest. Even to call this place a 'hotel' is a bit of a stretch in my opinion. There is no reception, you check in at the bar. If you want to come or go outside of the regular bar hours, you have use the back fire escape stairs. Once the bar closes for the night, there are no staff available on the premise. As a female solo traveler, this was somewhat disconcerting. Even hostels have 24hr staff. The room itself was tiny, but ok for one person. Relatively clean-ish although worn down and shabby. The bathroom was clean and the shower worked well. There was also a fridge which was nice. The bed was the most uncomfortable bed i've ever slept…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or20-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",awful  - do not stay here,the hotel is closed for refurbishment but still takes money for the booking.  You cannot get through on the number that is advertised.  Please whatever you do do not book this hotel.  I am trying to get a refund which i am finding very difficult.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or20-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"I got there after calling them i was given a key to my room. I entered my room. Shock horror. It has not been cleaned. Beds unmade food still out on the table, bottol of drink on floor rubbish all over the floor, used towes hanging on the door. Is a complete hell hole. After i got my key and seen this uncleared room i rang them over 20 times ignored my calls and messages. It was a complete insult.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or25-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",It was okay ,"Hotel is easy to find. It’s a pub on the corner with a big sign outside.  The parking is free on the side streets on weekends.  No trouble with parking there.  Finsbury Park is very close by. There’s a few restaurants about and a 10 min walk to the tube station.   Check in was fine we had no issues - we paid cash.  The staff were friendly.  The rooms were very basic. Not the best but you get what you pay for. The shower was very powerful but it wasn’t working properly and could be replaced as water was coming out from all angles.   There was cereal and tea for the room but no milk, not that we would have had it anyway as we went out for breakfast.   The best was comfy but only one crappy pillow - could have done with another.    The room was very warm; I don’t know if it’s…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or25-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Beware! ,"I booked a room online for two nights and prepaid online. On arrival the staff asked me how I’d like to pay. I showed them my email confirming that I had already paid online. They insisted that no payment is ever taken online and asked me to pay again. I wasn’t happy with this and the pub didn’t look nice. I asked to see the room, which was nothing like the website pictures, was dirty and smelled of cigarettes. I wasn’t happy to stay here given the circumstances and since they insisted that I hadn’t paid anything, I left. The online payment has now been debited from my account... they don’t answer the phone and do not respond to emails. I am arguing this transaction through my bank. Give this place a wide berth! ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or25-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"If your wanting a place to crash and don’t mind the noise of outskirts central London then for London prices it’s cheap and basic.  The decor needs a bit of TLC, warm room even on a cool summers night.  But be warned don’t expect a good nights sleep, the beds are so soft that you waken up with a more tired and aching body than went to bed with.  The bathroom shower is the only good thing to help try revive that tired body after a restless nights sleep. I would’ve rather have paid a little bit extra for a better bed and a good nights sleep.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or25-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Better than it says in reviews,"I can see many people have bad experience with this hotel but mine is a little bit different. Maybe it depends which room you got. I booked it in last minute and got room with one double and one single bed on the last floor. It was summer time so we didn't have problems with heating. It's cute place to sleep. I like pub/bar on the ground floor and that feeling in this small hotel. Room is cozy, with confortable bed and fridge. Bathroom is clean, with great shower. We got everything we need here. There's no breakfast offered but we got cornflakes, milik, juice and coffee in our room every day. I like this place and probably will book again. Maid doesn't speak english, so she didn't understand us, it's minus, but is good value for money and 2nd tube zone",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or25-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Liars and,"I booked a room and never got to even see it. Upon arriving for check in the hotel was closed.... the phone rang out when I called. I had to find another hotel. I took picture so that I stamped the time I arrived. Called them the next day to express my disappointment and for a refund. The manager said fine I will receive in 5-7 says. After the 8th day I still hadn’t received anything. So I called hotels.com, explained the situation. They contacted the hotel and the hotel said they are processing it. After two weeks of the same thing, the hotel said that they never billed my card. I sent proof of my bank statement to hotels.com, they and the Beaconsfield hotel say that their policy don’t do refunds. In an email. I am so disappointed!!! I willNEVER BOOK A HOTEL FROM hotels.com…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or30-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","ZERO STARS, AVOID AT ALL COST!","Firstly – I cannot stress enough how much this place is not suitable for children.  I was travelling with a 14 year old and would never risk a B&B in London with her again after this experience, I will stick to budget chains where they take customer’s comfort a little more seriously.  I was not expecting anything grand – just a clean warm room to get washed in after a long journey, and sleep in after attending an event.  Nothing fancy required, if they can’t manage this then surely they should not be in business!  Also worth noting that I tried to resolve the issues with the management during my stay but no-one was available, I’ve not received an apology and they have ignored my emails which speaks volumes about their attitude to customers.  On arrival, it was snowing and due to…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or30-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",NO HOT Water NO HEATING STAY AWAY,"NO HOT Water NO HEATING STAY AWAY   me n my 2 friends were staying there for one night. And we while we were there. We were kept in the too room so it was a attick room where they had no essential facilities, we had no hot water and no heating. So we went downstairs to inform the receptionist as we headed out and when we got bCk late night the reception was closed and we had the same issue, we couldnt sleep all night, i had suffered leg pain because of the cold, and my friends caught a cold. We couldnt even wash our faces therefore i called Mark the manager who said he will sort it which didnt happen we complaint then at the reception and wAs told the owner will call us. We wasnt offered any refund and yet we still havent recieved any calls we hAve tried calling back but theres…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or30-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty Filthy Disgusting Tip,"My granddaughter and her female friend were spending their  very first weekend away without parents as they were both  just eighteen .They were going to two shows and required  overnight stay for two nights. At midnight on the first night they rang home to say that they  had no heating no hot water  no electric light .The 2 single beds turned out to be a double with pubic hairs on the sheets and  a plywood base under the sheets,the window was cracked and the place filthy. Photographs are available.Needless to say I got them out and into a decent hotel .Now the fight starts to get their hard earned money back.Finally the WiFi was not available",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or30-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting service - DO NOT STAY HERE,"If I could give this property zero stars then I would!  I was due to stay overnight on Friday 2nd March as we had a spa day and musical booked for the evening.  We were excited about this trip as it was a birthday present from my boyfriend.  However due to severe weather conditions and snow (Storm Emma) our National Express service from Dorset was cancelled as were the trains.  I emailed the property on Friday morning as soon as we found out we couldn't make it up there, asking if under the circumstances they would let us swap the dates.  They didn't return my email.  I then phoned and the Manager said they would get back to me on Thursday which he didn't.  I tried calling to which they never responded and when they did, pretended they didn't understand what I meant.  The…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or30-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Not your normal hotel, but as long as you accept that its good.","This is the second time I have stayed here.  The first time I was a bit taken aback as I did not know except what I get  This time I did. More of a pub with rooms than a hotel. I checked in easily and found my room. The decor and bed linen are not to everyone's taste, however, the room is clean as are the beds and the one I had was very comfy.  Breakfast is provided in the room in the form of individual boxes of cereal, juice, tea and coffee.  Its basic but if you want more there is a Sainsburys over the road.  The room has a fridge so can get some fresh milk without the worry of it going off.  I had three nights there and they were very comfortable.  Only loses a star due to the highish price which I think is a little steep.  It's not for everyone but it was fine for me.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or35-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Ally Pally Darts,"Stayed here for 2 nights as convenient for emirates and ally pally darts, walking distance to tube. Had quadruple room, for 2 adults 1 child. Plenty of tea, coffee, milk and cereals for breakfast. Room was above pub and by busy road which didn't bother us, but if you want peace and quiet then perhaps not the right place for you. Very helpful people, had to use back door after pub closed, small issue with lock, but solved with a phone call. Great Turkish restaurants nearby, or McDonald's! shopping centre opposite so don't worry if you've forgotten toothpaste etc. I would go back if price was right, and would recommend if you want a convenient place, and aren't bothered by noise. I slept through it!! ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or35-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",A covenant of thieves and liers.,"First time I've booked a room there for my family, my parents found they luggage in a cupboard under the stairs. The staff working there accused them to have not paid  the full ammount although the receipt proved that they did so. The second time a guy from Sri Lanka took my booking for which i pay 60 £, and i had a c.card receipt to prove so. When my family arrived the same guy refused to recognise me and even the authenticity of the receipt, even if the name and address of the premises where obviously printed on the c.card machine produced receipt. He wanted again the full payment. Multiple members of staff had to check for hours various papers, copy of receipt, and bookings to make sure the money where there. The third time ( i tried 3 times because the place it's really…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or35-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",worst ever hotel in london,"Do not go there , waste of money. So noisy , rude staff, nothing at all. dirty and disgusting. i paid money but couldn't spend even 45 mins there. than find another hotel near, which was much better with friendly staff and nice breakfast",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or35-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Very comfortable, quiet, affordable","We booked a double room for two days, and we ended up in a quite big room with three beds on the top floor. The beds where very comfortable and the place was very cozy, quiet and clean. Overall much better than I was expecting for the price (55 GBP per day), and some negative comments to be seen here. I have stayed in several places in London in the past and this was certainly one of the cleanest and tidiest.   The pub downstairs has a very nice atmosphere and it stays open till late (not sure till what time but when we passed by friday after midnight, it was still open.  Finding the place was easy. We asked the barman in the pub downstairs and another guy (the owner?) met us, gave us our keys and explained how to go into our room and where to leave the key to check out. Nothing…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or35-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay but a little overpriced,"Working only a few minutes away, the Beaconsfield was in the perfect location.  More of a pub with rooms above than a hotel. It was however friendly and I was shown to my room which was right at the top.  It was good exercise.  The room was ok.  Random colours e.g. brown sheets, red bed covers and brown towels and a carpet from the 70's.  It was however clean and quiet.    Internet was fine on the first night but the second night it was not working.  I could not be bothered to go all the way downstairs to ask about it so just used my phone hotspot.  Breakfast was a few mini cereal boxes, some juice (in mini fridge) and coffee sachets.  It was ok, but there is a Sainsburys over the road so worth stocking up on croissants or something similar.  Having a fridge means you can also…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or40-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Very Basic Room.,"I had to stay here in an emergency. My flat was flooded! The room was clean, en-suite good. Creaky bed, flat pillows. Décor needs updating-yuk orange on walls, mismatched carpet and bedding.  Manager (Kglan) friendly.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or40-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Budget hotel, nice ensuit bathroom ","The hotel describes itself as budget and this is a true reflection.  The room was tatty and tired, with bits of wallpaper hanging off, but the ensuit was nice.  It's only a few tube stops from the main events in London's city centre, so very convenient and cheap rooms available. ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or40-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't allow me to rate zero stars...,"My partner and I booked in to this hotel to crash at after a friend's wedding in the area. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting much given the room cost £79 however even my lowest of expectations were sadly dashed when we saw the room.   The wallpaper was peeling, the chairs were broken, the psychedelic bed covers clashed horribly with both the wallpaper and the carpet. There was even a strange hole in the wall that had been covered over with brown tape...don't ask!  On the plus side, the bathroom was alright...the room was clean and they did give you a complimentary breakfast in the form of three kids size boxes of cereal!  For a total of £94 (including parking), even at London prices...I felt ripped off!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or40-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the price or the risk ,"Our room, on the top floor, nice enough, but no fan so we had to have the windows open as it was so hot. Issue being the street below keeping us awake all night.  To access our room after 10pm we had to use fire escape stairs on the outside of the building; pretty bad.   All the wall sockets are loose. They have wifi but I wouldn't bother trying to use it it's so slow. The room at least appeared clean and had a good shower.  Check out is at 11am but at 10:45 just as we were getting ready to leave some one was banging on our door repeatedly saying '11, 11'.   Wasn't even a bargain price at £60 to be honest. I would avoid at all costs. ",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or40-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting ,"So arrived at the hotel to find that they did not even have my booking. For them to move me to a disgusting apartment that was ""3 min away"" and gave me a map. After arriving 25 min later to nothing but mould,smells and dirty vile things. We looked for hotels close but could not afford to pay the prices they where asking so we stayed. My friend broke down into tears. No towels no soap no nothing. Called up and asked for these things to arrive back with radox bubble bath. To cut a long story short worst stay and place in my life- promised a refund to be sorted as the man that walked round to check the apartment after complaining couldn't believe the state. To now calling the property for my refund after declining to booking.com who I booked with the refund. To now say that this…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or45-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book at this hotel,We made a booking through booking.com and cancelled 3 days before we were due to stay. We received an email saying that the hotel has agreed to waive the cancellation fee. On the day of the booking the Beaconsfield Hotel took PAYMENT IN FULL from our credit card and i have been calling them ever since for them to give us our money back. The Manager has been giving us the run around for over a month and has just said to me 'I'm not giving you your money back'. I strongly advise do not stay in this hotel due to unprofessional service and fraudulent transactions.,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or45-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London", Not too bad if you're here for a laugh,"Before I go on it's worth noting I only paid £37 for a night here, so you can hardly be expecting welcome cocktails (there was actually an empty offer to come back down to the bar for a drink to be fair). We were handled by a guy behind the bar (may have been the manager.?) of the pub the hotel is above. He was friendly enough and gave us the details of re-entry after closing time, as we were here for a gig. The room had a single and double bed, fridge with juice and milk in, cereal and hot drink options along with mugs and bowls. The shower was fine to use, a tube of toothpaste and shower gel was provided. Didn't sleep within the bed as I had seen review about bed bugs so can't really comment on that. If you aren't looking to nitpick it's not that bad considering the price, but…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or45-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Spent the night at the McDonald's across the street,"Booked this place in good faith on-line.  Sent a note that we might be arriving past check-in time.  No response.  We showed up after check-in time, the place was closed up.  No response to telephone and email attempts.  Spent two hours roaming about for another room.  Ended up spending a night at the McDonald's across the street, which included being woken-up by an irate night manager on a 20-minute cycle.  How humiliating.  I have been made to pay, even though I did not receive the service.  I consider this place a scam, and a general reflection of London itself.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or45-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS!,"Friendly staff, decent location, HORRIBLE CASE OF BED BUGS!   To all who are reading, try and stay out of this whole complex.  I don't think the bedsheets are ever changed or properly cleaned.   After making a late check-in, and didn't bother checking the bed sheets before laying in them I woke up with worst case of bedbugs bites.  Next they they moved me into a different room, and naturally first thing I did was to check the bedsheets, and what I found hardly surprised me.  Torn, stained, greased bedsheets.  After complaining again, they sent a nice old lady to change the sheet, but not the pillow cases (when I asked for it my self, she didn't understand what I was saying).  Not gonna go into too much detail. But let me say just this. I paid for 4 nights. Stayed for only 2. I…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or45-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! DO NOT BOOK!,"not clean, neither the television or the lights were working including the bathroom light! employees were incredibly rude! no employees at night to ensure the safety of guests! awful do not go a waste of money! there was even a couple that had booked and paid for a room that then could not be checked in because there was nobody around to do so!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or50-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Bearable, providing you have a sense of humour and are expecting the worst","We had booked as we were going to a wedding. Check in on the website says 12, so when we arrived at 12:10 we were told that check in was not 12, it was 1pm. We informed them that your website says 12 and we had a wedding to go to. ""there’s people still in your room that haven't left yet"" we were informed. Realising we were going to walk out the door again, and having an angry irish woman telling him to get them out, the barman eventually agreed and said he would have our room ready in 20 minutes, we told him we didn’t have 20 minutes and he said 10 minutes. 45 minutes after we arrived we eventually got the room (now late for the wedding).   I asked about how you get in after the pub has shut, and we were shown the beer garden and the fire escape, before being shown up to our…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or50-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Visit & check in,Well I come for spy oh still same old story new barman here oh I know where two lady work is could be sacked cos they steal things so in toilet still same smell dirty wc no clean white shine my girlfriend went in change new toilet why their manager panic buy new one but their pub  b/b is poor yes their pull beer is dirty no clean of glass drink oh need what I told someone need help call phone health & safety come here right now I won't stay here no way cos I got red rash hand by their hotel don't go there again I just spy here still same no go in ,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or50-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Not to be repeated.,"Hopefully this review will help others come to the conclusion that a stay at the ""cosy"" Beaconsfield isn't a good idea. Had a bad feeling about the stay when it was even a struggle to get in to the pub through doors which opened on each other thereby meaning you had to enter one at a time slaloming the doors....not a fire hazard in any way. The ""free parking"" was pricey at £7.50 overnight. Being taken on our guided tour it was slowly dawning on me that this wasn't going to be a great experience....and in that respect the room didn't disappoint...it was as bad as I anticipated. As the realisation sunk in that this was our accommodation for the night I'm glad that (a) I didn't read the other reviews here, and (b) I opted to sleep clothed.  The bathroom was a joy to behold, compact…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or50-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",This place is to be avoided!,"I booked the Beaconsfield Hotel on Thursday 20 October for a 2 night visit on 24/25 October. It was a business trip. Almost immediately after booking I received an e mail postponing my meeting so I straightaway e mailed the hotel and tried to cancel via Booking.Com.   Stupidly I hadn't checked their ""no free cancellation"" tab: clearly there would be a charge.  I subsequently heard from Booking.Com that as the hotel hadn't responded I should contact the hotel direct.  This I did on Sunday 23 October. Every time I rang it went straight to voicemail.  No one came back to me: I am quite certain they will take the full cost off my card.  I have also looked at more reviews - I should have done this before booking!  The place has awful reviews from most guests! I am resigning myself to…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or50-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Looks nothing like the pictures and its above a pub,"Oh my dear god, if you want somewhere tiny and unclean then this is the place to stay. We had a twin room which 3 of us shared 1 x double bed and 1 x single bed, you could not move in the bathroom, literally so small no room for anyone to have any privacy changing. There was literally 2ft at the bottom of the beds for you to get past and out of date cereals in the cupboard, would never stay here again. Our room was at the back and so insufficient lighting in the room and smoke from the pubs smoking area was quite prominent as were the damp stains on the ceiling",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or55-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Just about ok,"Suspect the owner doesn't care much about reviews, this is a cheap and cheerful stopover near Finsbury Park above a pub. Didn't expect much but at least my room was clean, no bugs, no stink and orange juice/milk in fridge. Hot room due to weather 30c, corridors and landing flooring badly needs upgrade. Pub was great btw, friendly service and cold lagers.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or55-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID!!! BED BUGS,"Never have I felt the need to post a review before now!  I arrived at the hotel to find it layered in dust, and smelling of marijuana,  it was utterly disgusting..   The room smelled sickly sweet and on closer inspection i think this was a direct result of the place being infested with bed bugs..   I complained and was offered an upgrade to a 'luxury apartment' which was a 5 minute drive away...   The manager of the hotel took me and my partner in his car,  very surreal.. the manager kept asking if I took pics of bed bugs, he was obviously very worried and new full well how disgusting his rooms were  The apartment 'upgrade' consisted of a room with sex stained sheets.. covered pubic hair, it had obviously not been cleaned.. and very obviously hadnt changed the sheets.  I…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or55-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",This was a mistake,We booked this place as it was a cheap stay and we only needed somewhere to sleep as had a busy weekend planned. We checked in via the bar and had to walk up a steep staircase out the back to the room. The room was small and it looked like the bed had already been slept in. Feeling rather intimidated we decided to leave via the fire exit and booked elsewhere. To call this property a hotel is somewhat misleading....,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or55-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap stop over,"I picked this hotel for its central location to Finsbury Park and it's price. The check in was conducted in a busy pub (football ) and was a little daunting to a female solo traveller. The pub was very much a male drinking place.  I was surprised to find access to rooms were directly accessesd from the pub and expected very little.  The room was of a decent size, clean enough, TV, drink making facilities and shower/toilet. I only ever intended to use this room to sleep in whilst visiting family and found it by far the most competitive rate. I slept with window open (very warm day and night). Yes it was a little noisy outside but not aware of any noise from pub..in at midnight. Checkout was leaving keys in a post box and exiting via external stairs. If you want value for money,…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or55-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",No nice to stay ,I booked 2 people stay one night for £77 when  Saturday night we went in hotel get key then downstairs pub for drinks.  Two  a lady barwoman is nice so we sit talk for hours they bring 2 pints here on table 3 times so we went up for bedtime. Next day my mate told me he lost his mobile . I told him be joke .He said no .well right now we check all bed out nothing here .I found two remote tv under bed really disgusting & sweet out of date here .A lady cleaner no care about hoover & unclean in bathroom bed sheet cover & towel I see plate n cup only colour black. So back to try find his mobile couldn't find .We come downstairs see manager we told him about CCTV but man no care said try find later but nothing we found know who steal thieve his mobile their hotel is filthy because I…,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or60-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,Door would not lock from outside  Extremely load music until 2pm. The music was very load. Worst nights sleep I can ever remember having.  Ridiculous response from owner when we called at 12 and 1 both times told music would be turned off at some point. Window that we could not close stuck open and far to high to reach. No existent pillows. Very unhelpful owners. No information provided. Dirty tissues on floor. No one at check out (key box) so could not even speak to owner. Truly awful.,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or60-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Last min rescue hotel,"Review in retrospect  Stayed here in June 2015 after I arrived at another hotel which I had booked to stay in for a gig at Alexandra Palace, only to find I had booked it for the previous week, thus had no room for the night, que frantically searching late rooms and trip advisor for somewhere suitable, and this place came up, Price was reasonable enough for a last min deal, but wouldn't have wanted to pay full price. My wife found it rather uninviting initally, but the staff were helpful enough, Room was ok and we only had a twin room which the slats were coming out on one of the beds, but it was easily fixable and clean enough, and fairly quiet considering our room was on the first floor overlooking a main road.  As this is a review in retrospect, I feel that 3 is a fair score.…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or60-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Great find,"Booked a short break at very short notice and got a single ensuite at The Beaconsfield. I paid £42 a night which is very good for London in the high season. The hotel is also a pub and i got a room on the top floor so i didnt hear any noise at all. The room was a bit small but had everything i needed. Milk, coffee, tea cereal and some juice. The bathroom was a nice size and the shower perfect. My roon was sevices every day.The hotel also had a good strong free WIFI signal. The room had loads of power outlets. A machine on the first floor had free ice cold water.The nearst tube station is Manor House and i hadnt visite this area before but was pleasantly suprised. There was a McDOnalds over the road and a Subway and Sainsburys. The area had loads of upmarket mainly MIddle Eastern…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or60-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good,"Stayed here last year and again this year. I live locally but had to stay here with a friend.   Booked an ensuite. Room was clean and bathroom was basic but decent. Not sure what all the negative reviews aee about as i only paid £45 last minute. Sure if you want an immaculate room with anaxing views.... you could book a better room at a more expensive place and pay £100 per night per person. I paid £45 for 2 people and i think that's a decent price. Loval shops, restaurants and good public transport was available.   Pub was downstairs though wasn't very inviting however i didn't go there to drink.   I thought it was decent. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or60-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight no plm great drink then up bed,We been went in hotel good price drink we are glad to drink staff is nice no plm good relax we went on road look for turkish restaurant great food then back pub then late go up our bed good sleep no plm great see next road opposite Mcdonald n subway n Costa Coffee other etc shop we can go back again for visit my friend come together happy drink 🍻👍,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or65-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel In Britain,"So after finding this hotel for a very reasonable price (£42 per night) I was quite enthusiastic and excited. Little did I anticipate that the £42 would become in fact a rip off as this hotel is the worst I have ever stayed in. Upon arrival I first noticed how a good duster would come in handy. We were greeted by the owner stood outside smoking a fag and drinking which is just what you want when your with your girlfriend. Upon checking in to the room (slum) I was unable to take a shower as the door was clearly designed for a hobbit. Upon resting on a pillow that was sliced In half, and laying on a mattress which was made of marble, I suddenly felt enormous drops of water splash on to my face. Upon inspecting the ceiling I found that there was a leak the size of Niagara Falls…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or65-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value, great location",Got an upgrade to an apartment as our booking hadn't been properly processed. V helpful staff. Room clean & v comfortable. Some damp on ceiling in shower room & in room on ceiling. Cereal & plenty of milk provided. Was ideal for what we wanted!,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or65-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",thankfully was only 1 night ! disgusting !!!!!,"well I really don't know what rooms they used for there booking . com pictures but I was not in one of them rooms.  Room was freezing, one radiator that was never on, had a double bed squeezed into the room , yellow stains on the walls and ceiling . There was like drill dust from the walls all over the skirting and window seals piles of it. the brown throw over smelt. The bathroom was basically a cupboard. On arrival our room wasn't ready we had to wait almost a hour though we could check in from 1 our room wasn't ready till 3. Overall just a grotty place to stay",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or65-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Vile! Stay well away,"Not quite sure how this dump can be classed as a hotel, especially at the price they were charging....£164 for 2 nights.We booked a 'double en-suite room' which was tiny, even the bed didn't fit properly and the 'en-suite' was a joke!. There was black mould on the ceiling and what looked like cement dust on the skirting boards. To be honest I wouldn't have put my dogs in there, absolutely disgusting! We immediately asked for a refund which we had no problem in getting. We found a better hotel on Canary Wharf which was a 4* for £149 for 2 nights, so much better.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or65-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Oh my GOD !!!!,"Booked to stay here for a week due to working near by "" my god !""  This place should be shut down immediately ! The place is disgusting filthy and you could catch something !  The room had never been cleaned in months the bed had pubic hair and yellow ish stains  in from the previous users  and just stunk of foist  The place is full of Eastern European people that were smoking weed in there rooms because the stair way stunk of it ! This really isn't a safe place to stay let alone leave your belongings in the room ! Needless to say I checked out after 1 night  So be warned save your money and stay away !!  Places like this really need to be closed due to health and safety !  ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or70-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",It was a couple spa at the retreat hillsmoth farms,It was  an awesome experience at the retreat   the masseur Emma was   very professional though the place was  difficult to reach there were no signboards but once we reached  we were  attended well the spa has no water facility,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or70-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","TERRIBLE HOTEL, DO NOT BOOK","This hotel is one of the worst hotels that I have ever stayed in. We waited over half hour to check in. When we got to our room the bed headboard was broken, wallpaper was coming away from the wall, carpet looked dirty and the shower only had freezing cold water. It smelt like marijuana both nights and in the hallway. We paid for the room where breakfast was included however this consisted of 3 boxes of fruit and fibre cereal with some milk and a capri sun to drink in our room! Absolutely dreadful it was £185 a night!!!! Staff were unhelpful when we had to complain about a car parking issue from an invalid permit the hotel sold us resulting in a £40 parking ticket, they did not want to help but we eventually got the £7.50 for the permit refunded (this didn't help us with the £40…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or70-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Great value and comfortable,"I was worried as the hotel was very cheap, I thought it would be really bad. However the rooms were clean, beds were comfy.  the reviews on lateroom are pretty good, I was worried they were made up as the price was so good, I though it must be bad. However I'm sure they were not.  For me it was great (coming from someone who is pretty snobby about hotels, and stay in posh ones often). There is a fridge in the room with milk and orange juice and cereal for breakfast along with tea and coffee.  I stay in hotels all the time with work, and I was very pleased with this find. Very good value. Will definitely stay here again.  It's very good value and may not be as fancy as a lot of others but the basic important things were fine.  This is coming from someone who has walked out of…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or70-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"Chose to stay here because previous review said it was near Alexandra Palace.  Very basic hotel, old school pub attached below (old school being with carpets etc) but had pool tables, nice toilets and small outside smoking area.  Room was fine, just what we needed for a place to sleep.  Bed was comfy  Shower was excellent ( powerful)  Taxi office next door, close to bus stops and train station. McDonald's, Costa, subway, sainsburys opposite.  Employees could have been friendlier.  If you're looking for a bed for the night this would be fine. ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or70-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Handy for The Ally Pally,We booked this place after getting tickets to see The Prodigy at the Ally Pally.  It has great transport links with both Harringay stations close by and therefore only a couple of mins from Alexandra Palace train station.  The pub has a lot of floor space and the rooms are ok with comfy beds and a fridge with milk and juice provided which was a nice touch.  Good for the money but don't expect 5* when you book here.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or75-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",quite night cofortable bed,Great hotel and bar only cereal as brekkie tho but MacDonald's 24 hour just across the street great transport links beds so comfortable great shower.rooms need a bit of painting but are clean.also a 24hour entrance to hotel via back doors via keyed entry very quiet hotel all in all and cheap for London 120 for 2 ,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or75-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",beaconsfield lunches,booked and food pre ordered for 2 pm ate  at 4 pm staff surly fortunately a couple of our group  were very good at waiting table so we did eat eventually but diabolical. never again even for our lovely host. shame spoilt a great day out but ill survive. not even an apology the bar managersauid  well you've all eaten that was around 5 pm,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or75-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",It'll do,"Came up for the darts world championships, it's a nice big old pub with very reasonably priced drinks though sadly no food- pool tables and a darts board. Room was ok, had everything we needed plus tea coffee and cereal. Even kept the bar open late for us when we stumbled in in the early hours. Also a McDonald's right opposite! Would recommend if you're going for a night or two, but don't expect the Ritz if you're paying 35 quid! Despite lots of reviews, all staff we encountered were friendly and helpful",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or75-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",World Darts Trip,"Stayed for one night whilst attending the world darts at Ally Pally. The pub was great and friendly and the drinks were very reasonably priced. The room we had was clean, tidy and had a fridge containing milk and orange juice. Tea and coffee making facilities and cereal were also available in the room.  For a one or two night stay in North London I think it was fairly good value for £35 per person. It was also really near to the train station which was a big plus for our party.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or75-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Apartments (!!??) EVER,Its the same thing the most People wrote here! We went to the Pub but we only had € so we go to change money! When we come back the Woman said in Front of all the other guests that the credit card were not working (we booked 2 months ago) so we show her our booking confirmation! she was so arrogant and let us wait and then she came back and say ok you can have another apartment (we usually booked 2 for 6 persons) so we took then apartment and leave the pub! Everything very weird! As we arrived there we were shocked it was so tiny and disgusting! You open the door and you are directly in the first bed then is another room on the right with another bed but you can't lock any room there including the toilet! With 6 persons and just one girl a real problem! The 3rd bed was IN the…,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or80-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Read reviews properly!,"My brother booked this for a party of three to go and watch Arsenal play and then I decided to read up on the place and lo and behold the reviews were scathing bar 2-3, the consensus was that service was terrible as was breakfast. The hotel's own website did mention that booking in was mid day and breakfast was 'lite' and yes you do climb a few stairs but you def are told this on their site.  Well we got there at 11 and we just couldn't get into the place! Eventually we found a side exit and the cleaner let us leave our bags as we had to rush off for the Arsenal game.  When we got back we checked in and from then on it was virtually all perfect (Beer on tap could've been nicer) Rooms and hallways were all newly decorated and we had a fantastic fancy double shower (above head…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or80-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for--not a bad thing,"Spent a three-day weekend at the hotel, figuring it would be about as cheap as a hostel but with a few more ammenities. That was basically the case, and although parts of the hotel are certainly worn down (it's built atop a centuries old bar, after all), the staff took good care of us. Everything was clean and orderly with no real logistical problems.  The bathroom was so small I could barely fit in it, but the water pressure and heat was good so I can't really complain. You get what you pay for, but if you come in with that expectation, then you should definitely stay here.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or80-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",hotel?,"booked a room for two nights end of august for 100 quid.which was ok,then they decide to take another 50 pound out of my account for some unknown reason!tried to contact manager but was fobbed off and given an email of owner to no avail.which is SIVA145@NTLWORLD.COM if anybody wants it.total rip off do not stay there!!",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or80-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",why bother booking,"arrived at hotel ready for our day at the Emirates cup my partner excited as she had never been to a footy game,was told our room was not ready which was fine was given a complimentary drink whilst waiting.within 15 minutes was then told that we didn't actually have a room which considering i had paid for it six weeks before was not good enough.after 20 minutes they had found us another hotel SEVEN miles away i think the manageress believed that i didn't know where golders green was as it is apparently not far!  Such a crap attitude seriously people do not use i think i will stick to booking online next time instead of talking to a PERSON  mmuch more reliable",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or80-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"We have just returned from a weekend staying here for a family wedding (not at this hotel!!). We had originally booked the Beaconsfield apartments in January.  We arrived at the Beaconsfield Hotel to pick the keys up and to be told by a very unhelpful and arrogant woman (the receptionist) that she had cancelled our booking because we had to pay via credit card and not debit card - no one ever told us this (I also showed her our booking confirmation)!!! When I advised her that good customer service would dictate that you should inform someone of this, she went off in a huff for around 30 minutes, leaving us stood there with our four children wondering whether we would have a bed that night or not!!! Booking. com have confirmed today that the booking hadn't been cancelled at…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or85-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!!!,"This was the worst place I've ever stayed in! Half of it was a building site. In the morning there was no running water in any of the hotel rooms. There were no staff. We rang the 'emergency' numbers on the room information sheet, neither were answered. Tried to contact the hotel later in the day, nobody knew when the manager would be available. I was given an email address by one member of staff, but that was not replied to. Booking.com tried contacting them, but had no joy either. The place is shocking AVOID at all costs!!!",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or85-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"My father and I did not enjoy our stay here. We were given a room with a double bed and a single bed with quite a bit of space which we were happy with, I was told over the phone in advance that this was one of the hosts ""favorite rooms"", so when we were then moved into a complete down grade because our first room was a mistake, I found this a bit strange. The place was very hot with no air-con and the windows barely opened. Under staffed. Bathrooms tiny, toilet and shower almost formed as one. Would not return, especially for the price we paid. Would rather stay in a hostel.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or85-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Other reviewers have been very negative about this place but it really isn't as bad as some people have implied.  It's a pub, for heaven's sake, not a five star hotel. It doesn't claim to be anything special and the price they charge reflects that. Frankly I've paid more at a seaside boarding house in the North. Yes, the room was small. Yes the en-suite was tiny. But they were both bigger than a room I had in New York a few years ago.  This is London. If you expect luxury, expect to pay a luxury price. If you pay this kind of budget price, don't expect the earth.  The external stair entrance was different, true, but it wasn't difficult to climb. In fact I found it easier than the carpeted stairs leading up from the bar. (And I have some mobility problems)  Don't go with high…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or85-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT USE THIS PLACE,"The Owners are opportunistic, money grabbers, I booked a 2 night stay, 4 weeks before travelling and then a hospital appointment meant I wanted to cancel. They had a 'no refund policy' (understandable if booking and cancelling within a few days but 4 weeks come on). They strung me and Late Rooms along for the 4 weeks , even requiring a copy of the hospital appointment letter. After stalling and prevaricating they then refused to cancel..I went for just 1 night (no mattress covers -take your own pillow)  As for the place it merits its own category one up from a park bench...",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or85-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Fab weekend,"After reading some of these reviews I was a bit sceptical about my stay but I guess we were just lucky, apart from the many stairs to climb our room was lovely, fair sized bathroom, chocolates on the pillow and the towells in the shape of a swan on the bed. It was clean and comfortable and the staff where very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel however judging my previous reviews I would request room number 33, on the top floor but it was fine. ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or90-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",awful,"My grandson and I booked this (hotel)!!! in order to be in london for a football match. On arriving friday morning 11 oclock to maybe just leave our luggage, we found it closed. At 12-30 we got in via the not so nice bar. When we eventually were allowed into our room we found it filthy with no bed covers. We braved it out until morning then made a hurried retreat. How this place even merits a star I do not know. Have not seen anything quite so bad in all my life.                                                        George Glasgow.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or90-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Broken beds,"I arrived and was surprised to find it clean and tidy with an eclair on the pillow. There ends the good.  The ""en suite"" is the size on my built in wardrobe at home, be prepared to bang your head as you bend down to pick up anything in the shower, and bang your knees when using the loo.  That I could with, but the fact that all three beds in our room broke at some point (slats kept popping out) we gave up trying to repair them after the third time, and slept on mattresses on the floor. My friend injured her leg when her bed went. I text the emergency number and explained the situation, received a text back saying ""sorry for the inconvenience"" which to me just shows that they knew the beds were not acceptable.  So in short don't stay there. If you do I can recommend the n4 cafe…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or90-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Not perfect but cheap London accommodation,"Stayed here for one night with my partner and another couple , very strange evening entrance lol , up an outdoor BROKEN staircase , location handy as shops n underground within wLking distance , all floors leading to rooms were seriously crooked so mind ur step !! Room was clean but shower room tiny , literally just enough room in the shower to step in barely room to lift your arms , staff were pleasant when we seen them tho and tv worked ",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or90-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Very Bad,"Disaster. Stay Away from this place. Very unfriendly, rude, arrogant woman who claims to be a receptionist. Wasnt even allowed to shower during a two day stay. This is advertised as but Not a hotel. It is a rip off to say the least. The pub is smelly with dirt rooms upstairs. Waste of money staying here.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or90-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"I've stayed in better, cleaner hostels than this hotel! The beds hasn't been changed and were far from clean-I slept fully clothed! Breakfast was small packets of corn flakes, very very noisy pub downstairs. It was totally disgusting! Not even any soap in the barroom and the towels-I've thrown away better ones! The only good thing about this dump is its 10 minutes walk from Finsbury Park but don't be fooled surely there must be better places! Also it wasn't very safe as lock on back door was nearly falling out! ",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or95-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Unpleasant, very unpleasant....","It's difficult to know where to start on the bad points of this hotel. How on earth it's even earned 2 stars is beyond me. If you book a 2 star room, you know you're not getting the Hilton and that it's probably going to be very basic. But the Beaconsfield... Basic doesn't even cover it. I don't mind places looking a bit 'tired' or not having many amenities but what I do mind is uncleanliness and unsanitary conditions and the Beaconsfield is both of these. The ""luxury room with breakfast"" is VERY misleading, a rickety old grubby fridge with some Capri suns, UHT milk and a couple of small multi pack cereal boxes of fruit and nut is what you actually get. We certainly didn't fancy using any of the dirty crockery and cutlery off the top of the stained fridge. The carpet was the…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or95-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Tina and Jon,"We booked a room at this hotel via Booking.Com. The room cost was £67.50 but we opted to pay the £75 which allowed us to cancel free up until 3 days before our stay on 20th April. It also stated that no pre-payment would be taken. We were in London to see our son run in the London Marathon on the Sunday and tried to book in early evening. The gentleman behind the bar (presumably the manager) told us that 'the bad news' was that the hotel was overbooked. The 'good news' was that they had booked us into a hotel nearby and that it had already been paid for. We do not know london at all and at that time of night the evening before the marathon, we had no option but to go to the hotel they had booked us into. We had no apology at all for the overbooking. The hotel that they arranged…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or95-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Just right for what we needed,Was a little sceptical about this place but for what we needed (working at a local Leisure Centre) was all we needed. Basic but Honest. It was warm and had all the facilities we needed. A place to sleep whilst working away. Some excellent Kebab shops nearby as this area is highly populated by Turks ,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or95-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",think again,you would think that the owners of this property would have read recent reviews and would have made some changes. have just arrived back to belfast having stayed over on the sunday night.the radiator in the room didn't heat which left the room cold and the following day we couldn't take a shower as there was no hot water. very disappointing!,Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or95-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and near to London,"Exactly what it says on the tin....Cheap, clean(ish) and very close to London. 5 minute walk to the tube straight onto the Picadilly Line at Manor House. If all you want is a bed to get your head down whilst exploring London, you cant do much better, I imagine, for the money. Parking is on the street alongside and is £7.50 a day and free at weekends. I have to say the pub beneath the hotel is not the type I'd frequent, but all in all it was OK....",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or100-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value. Good stay,"After reading reviews we were dreading staying here. We had booked 2 double ensuite rooms.   When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised. Considering this is a 2 star accommodation above a pub near central London value for money is excellent and the hotel doesn't promise to be any more than this.   Parking on the street outside hotel is free evenings and weekends and hotel is near manor house tube station which is zone 3 tube.   Rooms are small and basically furnished. Each had a double bed with 1 pillow per person, tv, fridge, kettle, small box of cerea,l a caprisun and long life milk p person. Bathroom squeezed in where possible, v small but don't need bigger. Free wifi is provided to guests included in room rate.   Access to rooms btwn 1am-12pm is thru back entrance of metal…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or100-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",They didn't have a room available,"I booked a room in this hotel for one night- I had a job interview in London and wasn't after anything fancy. When I arrived there, I was told that they double booked me- it was late at this stage and I was on my own unsure what to do. They assured me they would put me up in a sister hotel nearby- they paid for my taxi and said there would be no problems. When I arrived at the ""sister hotel"" they didn't have a clue what I was talking about. I had to fork out another 50 pounds, for a shabby room near Manor house. Don't stay here!",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or100-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",dump,"This was horrendous, when we got there we were given a room with two single beds that were top and tail to each other even though we had paid the extra money for a double room; we were also charged to have a room with its own bathroom otherwise we were to use a communal one, but when we got there every room there had its own bathroom anyway!! when we went to ask the man at the reception about the room (reception was a little sign in the pub next to the cash machine) he just told us basically its tough about the extra money we were charged and if it wasn't for us having the papers from when we first booked we wouldn't have even got the room we paid for either, as he just kept arguing with us and every time I reverted back to the printed booking receipt I had he pretended he…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or100-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Last option,"I would return to this hotel if it's my last possible option only. Tiny room, no place to put your stuff, no table, just a tray with a plate, a cup, a kettle and your small breakfast cereal box. To be short, a bad hotel.",None,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or100-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",For short stays,"We arrived in London during Christmas period. The owners were kind and helpful but the quality of the rooms are low (spartan): smelly carpet and dusty, uncomfortable; room is bright and warm, the bathroom normal. The metro is close enough and quickly joins the center. Breakfast is always and only with beans and eggs (no bacon), toast and yogurt.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or105-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",dont go,"room was smaller than a prison cell.one box of corn flakes one box of bran flakes,nothing for 3rd morning of stay. bed sheets looked used on arrival had to spend 3 nights getting drunk just to get asleep. no bbc on tv. if your thinking of staying think really hard",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or105-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in.,Disgusting. All the communal bathrooms have a vile smell of sewerage. When I complained of this to the landlord I was told that this is a problem with the London sewerage system. The room was gloomy and mouldy. The noise from the traffic all night was serious. DO NOT STAY HERE.,Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or105-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for one night if you dont want to park!,After reading the reviews on various websites we tried to cancel this room but because it was last minute we couldn’t! We arrived by car so had to park in Sainsbury’s across the road which has 2 hour free parking for customers. We entered the pub which was full of people watching the football. The guy behind the bar went to find the manager who then had to go and find the key for our room?   I asked 2 to 3 times about the parking? After a bit of whispering with their backs turned on us the ‘manager’ said just park up the street at the side of the pub?  The room looked recently decorated and new carpet had been put down. The bed – metal creaky metal IKEA type looked new and the bedding was ok. The curtains were so thin the road lights etc shone through all night. There was a sink…,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or105-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Squeaky bed, mould in shower room, breakfast box of cereal in your room with UHT milk & carton of Capri-sun! Not clear where reception is, its the bar in the pub. There is work in progress so it may be improving & the staff were lovely.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or105-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","If you get what you pay for, this place should be much cheaper.","I used to live in the UK, but my wife had never been before, so we traveled there to see friends and have her check out the traditional first-time-to-England stuff like Big Ben, etc.  I really wanted her to like it so that we could come back again and again, as it's one of my favorite places in the world.  We are backpackers, and travel cheaply - we do not have high expectations at all.  I have to say that I was appalled at this accomodation.  It's possible that our room was unfortunately one of the worst, but the bed squeaked horribly and was very old.  It did not help us to feel rested for the long days of walking around the city.  The television was ancient, tiny, and non-functional anyway.  The carpet was filthy, the in-room sink nasty, and the dishes for tea and cereal were…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or110-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"I was not terribly familiar with London when booking this hotel, but did so because it seemed reasonably priced and fairly close in.  It ended up being neither and was filthy to boot.    Their claim that they are convenient to the city center is misleading, it is at least 45 min to the center by bus and underground.  When I arrived at the pub where you check in, the woman behind the bar demanded full payment up front, which I politely declined before seeing the room.  They reluctantly agreed to show it to me first and I was led up 4 flights to my non-smoking ""luxury"" en suite which had not been hoovered, was covered in animal hair, had a stopped-up sink full of grey water and reeked of cigarettes.  Given the substandard conditions, I explained that I could not stay there and…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or110-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",A Beacon of Hope,After checking into and straight back out of a terrible hotel in Finsbury Park we were stuck in London without a room - we wanted to stay in this area as it was within walking distance of the Emirates stadium for the Arsenal match. We had a look at 4 or 5 hotels in Finsbury Park and they were all terrible! Finaly found the Beaconsfield and it was just what we were after - budget rooms which were clean and had an ensuite. The gent at the bar was helpful and friendly and the only problem we had was parking - it is free after 6pm until 8 in the morning - outside these times u need to buy a pass which is 7.50 for 2 hours!!  Bed was comfortable and the cereal milk tea coffee and juice was a nice touch. Quiet room as well and there is a shopping centre and 24hr McDonalds over the road…,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or110-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever,"My plane was due to arrive in London after the 11:00PM check in closing time.  When I called to ask if that constituted a problem, the staff tricked me into booking assuring they would have left the keys at the 24hour shop next door. After booking - and paying - I called again FOUR DAYS LATER to confirm about the keys. I was told that was no longer an option, that there was no way to check in after 11:00PM, and that if I still intended to sleep at the Beaconsfield that night, my only option would be ""changing the flight"".",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or110-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"As with any hotel you pay a cheap price you shouldn't expect 5*  We had a 'Luxury' room which is a room with your own en suite. Everything was clean and tidy, bed was comfortable and toliet/shower facilities were excellent!   Breakfast was a bit random, just ceral and milk in your room fridge, but at least you get breakfast (nowhere does it state full English)  I liked it for a nights stay and the pub is really good downstairs. Late night access is easy just at the side of the hotel and up the metal (fire escape) stairs to the first floor then open the door with the key provided :)",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or110-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special but reasonable,"My fiancee farther and grandad and I stayed at this hotel as we were going to watch the PDC Darts Champonship. The room we had was a triple room up on the top floor which has been referbished, the room was modern and beds were comfortable.    The bathroom was also modern and very clean, we had hot water every day and there was three of us showering everyday, the shower was very powerfull. Yes the rooms are situated on top of a pub but you dont hear nothing what so ever as the pub is not a lively pub and doesnt stay open untill all hours. Couldnt ask for more for the price we payed £140 for a triple room for 2 nights, what more can you ask for.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or115-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",no hot water !!,"i stayed for two nights in Beaconsfield hotel. On arrival room was not ready as cleaner was late doing rooms so went for a coffee ,eventually checked into my room at 3 pm. I woke the first morning  and imagine my surprise when i discovered i could not have a shower as there was not hot water !! i complained to the barman and said he would look into it.  i assumed the problem would be dealt with so you can imagine my surprise when i found there was no hot water again the next morning !! At no point was an explanation or apology given for the fact there was no hot water.the room was ok , the bathroom could do with a good clean.the accomodation is above a pub and you have to climb down a fire escape stairs to get out and in at night.would not recommend this accomodation to anyone !",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or115-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Really overpriced  and no hot water,"We stayed at  Beaconsfiel for a family get to-gether in London.  On arrival we had to go up a fire escape, having got over the shock of that  decided to have a shower before we went out,,  there was no hot water, plus there was not hot water for the two days we were there, we tried the tell a manageress and she just fobbed us off to the Barman to deal with us. They  also overcharged us for the room and did not offer us a refund, this place is not worth half the price we paid for the room, having paid 75 pounds per night and not breakfeast,  only two boxes of cornflakes, and  a carton of long life milk, room had no blinds in the windows, and you wake in the morning with the light .  It is a total rip-off and would never stay here again",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or115-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Very Poor, booked in for 2 nights, left after 1.",This hotel is a complete rip off. The TV doesn't work and the free Wi-FI doesn't work. The continental breaskfast is 2 small boxes of cereal on a fridge in the room and 2 capri-suns in the fridge. The windows are single glazed and there is alot of noise from cars on street outside as the building is located on a junction. Beds have no support and springs going up through your ribs so I had to use a towel on top of sheet. Don't stay here - I know its cheap but its also very very nasty. Carol.,Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or115-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London","Okay, but shabby","We stayed here 3 nights.  Location was okay, 2 kms walk from the tube, on the piccadilly line which was good.  Room was sizey enough but very plain with no curtain so we awoke early each morning.  It was a little cold when we were there and the room wasn't well heated.  Bathrooms needed a makeover and a good cleaning.  Breakfast very simple, cereal and orange juice. Microwave in room was useful.   Pub downstairs was pretty good, got a little loud on weekends when trying to sleep. Didn't serve meals though.  I didn't feel at all unsafe here. Was next door to a park which was nice for a quick jog.  For the price it was okay, I'd consider going back again.",None,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or115-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Beaconsfield Hotel,"Not bad...  Small rooms.  Nice staff though.  Pub on ground floor.  Shopping center right across the street.  Underground station was a 5 minute walk....Was expecting worse from reviews...Shared bathrooms with everyone on that same floor.  Bathroons were not the best...If you plan to spend alot of time in your room, proabably not a good choice.  If you are only planning to shower and sleep and don't want to spend a lot of $$ then this is a good deal.",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or120-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",Not cheap and not fancy,"We stayed this weekend and was shocked. When we booked we were told breakfast was included!!! This consisted of 2 small variety pack and a carton of UHT milk for what we paid this doesn't make much of a breakfast, would have chosed slightly more expensive hotel if that was the case. There wasn't even anywhere to hang coats up in the room let alone clothes. Bed was clean but curtain could have done with a wash and maybe darker curtain so didn't feel like you were outside. Over all clean but wouldn't go back there again. saying that the staff were nice when we first checked in.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d581725-Reviews-or120-Beaconsfield_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Beaconsfield Hotel Reviews, London",dirty not a hotel is a pub,"not a hotel but a pub, small rooms very noisy on top of pub rough area very dangerous enviroment",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
