,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or0-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t Do It !!,"Booked 4 nights and checked out the very next day . On arrivel could see hotel not looking great. First room offered was basement room , dark .dirty and smelly. We asked to be moved and got a room top floor. There are no lifts which was fine but no staff to show us to our room as the building divides into 2. Walked round 15 mins then I went to look for someone. There was no staff .  As the afternoon went we noticed damp patches all over this hotel, plaster peeling of the walls. The carpet was extremely dirty, no staff , the list goes on.  The room had broken furniture , light bulbs needed replacing , ceiling lights were broken , curtains were total stained brown and ripped, electric wire cabling hung  down by the bath, bath panel rotting, windows frames rotting,dirty stained carpet and walls in general. The shower water was over boiling point / or freezing we could not shower.  Big bag of rubbish in our room from previous occupants which I sat out side and it was still there at checkout. Ladder & dirty tray left over night on stairwell . T.V remote broken (button to turn it on) No hand towels which I found very odd. Could not find any staff the whole time. We looked at our breakfast the next day which was set up in lobby table which was 2 cereal Bowles  no cereal, frozen grapes , toast and orange juice we don’t mind it was served by man who just appears but it was advertised as an “English” breakfast. The bed is every one personnel exoeriance but we like our springs in their pockets not in our backs. When I said we were not staying and checking out the receptionist said “O.K” so I think they are use to it. The worse thing for us was the “Smell” coming through the walls at night while in the room. My list is really endless but will stop as it is now. Please note my personal opinion is the extremely good reviews you read must be from staff.…",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or0-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Revisiting the Colonnade,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel several times four or five years ago and were seriously underwhelmed on each occasion.   In case you are wondering why we kept coming back, it was because they kept offering free stays instead of a refund.  We were visiting friends in Maida Vale this afternoon and called in for dinner  It was taken over in October by a new couple and it is such a transformation. Absolutely brilllant.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or0-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.  A youth hostel would blush.,"•	There was no Internet (it was suggested I stand in the hall!)  •	There was no hot water for shower  •	There was no telephone  •	There was no kettle  •	There was no bottled water •	There was no lift service between the 2nd and 4th floor.  Had this alone been made clear I would not have booked. •	Instead of a double bed I had two very uncomfortable singles pushed together •	The decor was very tatty – it bour no resemblance to the website photos •	Another guest was also checked in to the same room!  Despite repeated request for a refund I have not, after two weeks heard anything.  I will be taking it further.",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or0-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely terrible, avoid at all costs!","We originally booked to stay at The Colonnade Hotel in March 2020, however due to Covid 19 the trip was cancelled and the hotel agreed to change the date to the 4th June 2021.  We booked an apartment with half board option which included an evening meal.  Closer to the time of booking I contacted the hotel to add a further person to the booking, as the apartment slept up to six people we didn’t think this would be a problem. I was told at this time that the apartment was being refurbished so was no longer available, the evening meal was no longer available as the restaurant was now closed but that they would allow us to add the additional person to the booking free of charge, this did not feel like compensation for the change in booking especially as food was no longer being offered, food for six people in London for two nights is very expensive however at very little notice we felt like we had no other option.  Upon arrival at the hotel, only two of the three rooms were ready, we were told the third would be ready in 20 mins, after an hours wait it was still not ready however this as it transpired was not to be the problem. The rooms that were available were dilapidated, dirty and generally not fit for purpose, out of several spot lights, only one bulb worked making the room very dark, the leather was peeling off the chairs, the curtains were black with mould stains, there were brown marks on the walls, the bath panel was falling off. The room was terrible and had very little of the facilities available that is stated on the booking.  After two hours we decided we could and would not stay at the hotel due to state of the rooms and booked another hotel, we did not feel that hotel was up to any kind of standard acceptable and certainly not healthy given the mould in the room.  We got our cases and walked out, when handing the keys back to the lady on reception she asked if there was a problem to which we informed her of the state of the room and that we were not prepared to stay in such squalor, the only explanation was that due to the pandemic there was a lack of workforce in London making it difficult to carry out maintenance, that is no excuse for lack of cleanliness, no offer of a refund was made, she was quite happy for us to walk out the door, it appeared that three other couples were also complaining about the state of the rooms.  Whilst outside the owner of the hotel came out to speak to us, he offered us an apartment which apparently was a much better standard than the rooms we had been given and also offered free evening meals in the restaurant, this is what we had originally booked but was told a) the apartment was being refurbished and no longer available and b) the restaurant was closed and that the half board option was also no longer available. When we informed him of this be became quite pushy and insisted that we stayed, at this point we were completely dissatisfied with the service and standard of the hotel and kindly informed him we had made our decision and had booked alternative accommodation at a cost to ourselves, he would not even contemplate a refund and said that we would need to take this up with Booking.com.  The whole experience was very poor, the rooms were awful and quite honestly feel like the hotel should be condemned, this is definitely not 4 star and feel cheated by what we endured.…",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or0-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A very tired hotel, not ready for guests and breakfast was abysmal","So, I’ll try to be objective as I have stayed in their hotel 3 times before and know it to be quirky but I say as I find.  Check in was perfect and friendly. The door lock to Room 6 (Garden Suite) was fiddily in the extreme needing some assistance to gain entry. The room was large  but overall the furniture and the decor was very tired and in need of some severe renovation.  There was no in room information but we found a trouser press, iron and ironing board, kettle, tea/coffee but that was it. We went for breakfast at 7:30. Despite the website offering a complimentary English Breakfast, there was nothing initially on offer. A  receptionist pointed toward a coffee table in reception which contained a merge continental breakfast with hot drinks available from a 3rd party vendor outside the hotel. Not the English Breakfast  that was offered on the website.  Later in the day, I complained to the hotel about being mis-sold the stay as we close the hotel for 3 reasons:  1. It was very close to Warwick Avenue 2 We had stayed there before 3. Breakfast.   The receptionist was very apologetic and said the message about breakfast should have been removed after lockdown.  I showed her the website and she promised to ask the owner for some compensation . Nothing f=was forthcoming. Disappointed is too small a word. will we be going back? Doubtful, despite the great location. This is a real shame as the hotel could be amazing if it was well run and there was some investment into the decor.…",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or5-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"This was a disaster from start to finish. Booked an apartment with dinner and breakfast in March 2020 to be told in May that the apartment was not available and no dinner could be provided. Got to London and the hotel was just in a shocking state. Room was from, mould and damp patches on the walls, holes in bedding, shabby furniture and light bulbs not working. Bathroom was shabby and the corridors smelled revolting. Carpets were worn and dirty. We decided to check out and at that stage a man u can only assume was the owner said that if we stayed, he would give us an apartment and dinner in the restaurant - ie the package we were told was not available!!! We were not persuaded to stay.",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or5-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not a 4*,"Quite disappointing to say the least. Paid extra for a 4 poster bed which was not a double but a Queen size. Shoddy bedding with cigarettes burn. Lift not working. Lamp in bedroom broken, bathroom not the best. Toilet flush not working properly and breakfast was fruit, bread and cheese. Not allowed to sit inside and eat breakfast, have to take your bread and cheese and eat outside. Luckily weather was ok as there are no facilities to eat inside at all. Tables outside are limited so the man from reception came out and asked us to move on as others were waiting. Needs a lot of improvements. Good point - near the London Underground.",Date of stay: June 2021,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or5-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth your money,"We arrived at the hotel,  it looked rather nice from the outside, they had a pastery stand right by the front door which made it a little narrow for guests to walk in and out from expecialy when we are all trying to social distance.  This pastery pop up café had music playing which definitely wasn't appropriate for that time of day and in a public space with swear words left right and centre. The song that was playing had the repetitive lyric of ""Tonight I'm F*#?ING you"".  We got shown to our room by a staff member not wearing a mask. She took us down a raaggedy warn down flight of stairs leading to the basement. She struggled to open the door (not a comfortable sign when staff struggle to open their own doors.)  She placed the keys on the bed and said her goodbyes. Not long…",Date of stay: June 2021,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or5-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant and Convenient Stay,"We stayed at the Colonnade Hotel in Little Venice recently and had a very nice stay.  The staff were all helpful and available, if needed.  The hotel is in a good location as it is close to a tube stop and near bus lines that travel to South Kensington and museums, for example.  The garden terrace in front of the hotel is open and you can sit there for pastries, fresh crepes, drinks, etc. There is a stand that is part of the hotel near the entrance where you can get great croissants for breakfast with a drink. There are also tea making facilities and supplies in the room. We had a large room, with a view onto the terrace.  We like the window open and there was no real traffic noise at night while sleeping. The lobby is very nice.  Our room came with a small fridge, ( I'm not…",Date of stay: April 2021,4.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or5-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Took money out without consent, and won't refund.","Issue 01 The hotel made a second transaction without my consent even though I made a full payment upfront. I called the hotel immediately and they confirmed that the second transaction was their error and will refund as soon as possible.  Spoke to the hotel manager several times and each time she was apologetic and sounded sincere.  To this date (3 months later), despite multiple calls and emails, I have still not received a refund for the 2nd transactional which was their error.  Issue 02 Unfortunately, we had to cancel the booking due to covid lockdown as per the booking terms, we canceled without any charge several days in advance of the stay. To this date still no refund received for the original payment.  To conclude, not only have they not actioned the refund for the…",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or10-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tatty and unclean,"Stayed at the Colonnade in February 2021. Receptionist was unwelcoming and the stairs and corridors are tired and shabby. My floor reeked of cigarette smoke. In the room I discovered that the toilet had been used and not cleaned and the  television was broken. I also pre-paid for breakfast, but was informed by a member of staff that the restaurant was closed in March 2020. I did not complain, because I just wanted to get out of the hotel. Don’t stay here unless you are really desperate!",Date of stay: February 2021,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or10-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",This place has Bed bugs!!!!!!!!,"THINK TWICE BEFORE BOOKING TO STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!! BED BUGS  I stayed at the colonnade hotel (2 Warrington Crescent, Paddington London W9 1ER United Kingdom) on Saturday 23rd Jan - Sunday 24th The room was nice but Me and my partner were seriously bitten up by bed bugs which caused a lot of serious itching, rashes, bites and discomfort. We reported this to the Colonnade hotel countless times and they done ABSOLUTELY nothing about it and also told us there’s nothing they can do, I was instructed to email Paul Fizia (head office apparently) and he just ignores all my attempts at trying to contact him. It’s really sad that they can treat a paying customer like this, I basically paid to get bitten by bed bugs, for those who don’t know what bed bugs are please google it, it’s…",Date of stay: January 2021,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or10-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent customer service,"Have yet to stay but the reservations team, and Sara in particular, have been incredibly helpful. Due to Covid we've had to move our reservation a couple of times and it has been very quick and easy to do so - no questions asked and helpful with finding new dates.",Date of stay: January 2021,5.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or10-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",NO Refund!,"I haven't even stayed at this property yet. I had booked through booking.com with free cancellation until the 19th of December (trip was booked for the 21st-24th of december) and was under the impression that it would be pay at property. However, I cancelled my booking on 1st December - they took the money out of my bank straight away. I have been dealing directly with the hotel for 28 days now and still NO REFUND. Now they dont seem to answer my calls, emails or Facebook messages and I'm beginning to think that I've now been scammed out of £288.20 and feel it is highly unlikely I will ever see that money again. I urge you to think before booking with them directly or through an alternative site.",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or10-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Stale cigarette smoke,"DO NOT STAY HERE.  The first room we were given here had the windows to the balcony wide open (after 21;00 hours on a cold December evening).  We closed the windows and put the air con up high and when it was warm enough we went to sleep.  But woke up to the most horrendous smell of stale nicotene.  The room had a 4 poster with thick drapes and curtains, and  even the towels stank of it.  This was the worst room I have ever slept in.  After complaining we were upgraaded to the JFK suite.  Comfortable, clean and no nicotene, but clearly hadn’t been upgraded since JFK stayed there if he did.  I would absolutely not recommend staying here.",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or15-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Run down hotel with lots of basic problems ,"This should absolutely not be a four star hotel. It looks reasonably good on the surface, but you don’t have to be there long to see that it has not been looked after and the staff and management are doing a poor job of running the place.  Main problems for us were that the lift was broken, the key cards don’t work so you need to be let in by a member of staff each time you return, no staff were present at reception after 11pm to enable reentry to the room (after a long wait they had to be roused from hanging out in upper floor bedrooms together), and our breakfast was forgotten on one of the mornings we were there (there’s no buffet due to covid, so breakfasts were meant to be brought to the room but ours was not). Plenty of other small things around the hotel didn’t work…",Date of stay: November 2020,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or15-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good Experience for me,"I stayed here as a keyworker during the 1st lockdown. The hotel is located in a residential area within a short walk (5-10mins) to the underground.The reception was just a chunky desk where the friendly receptionist sat. After taking copies of my keyworker letter and photo ID, they gave me a free upgrade to a 4-poster bedroom for being a keyworker. To the left of the reception desk was a homely lounge with plenty of seating, tables and the busy décor looked Victorian. There was even an armoured statue that looked regal. The room was on the 2nd floor and as I couldn't see a lift I walked up the old staircase and across the wiring and dust sheets as I think there was some work being done. As you walk into the room,  there was a full length mirror and then a short walkway reveals…",Date of stay: May 2020,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or15-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Count-Dracula Hotel ,"On the face of it, this hotel looks good when you enter it. But as you spend more time in it, you will start to see all the flaws that shouldn’t be there.  The hotel was refurbished about 5 years ago, and in my opinion had not been maintained since. The first encounter was when we got into an old dated lift that refused to start, then in the bedroom, the tea and coffee and biscuits that should have been there were empty. The room smelt of odour.  I discovered that the hotel is built on top of an underground line. Your room shakes when a train passes by. So be prepared to have sleepless night ! Next morning I went to get into the shower, to discover that the shower was a trickle. I originally booked to stay for 7 nights, but could not stay beyond my first night. A very bad…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or15-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers,"Arrived tired very late & just wanted to crash, receptionist would allow me to check in without passport or driving licence; neither of which I had because I am a UK citizen traveling by train ! After a long argument he gave me a windowless & key less room in the basement ! The hotel , like all others in London is empty because of the pandemic ! You really don’t want to stay here !",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or15-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE ,"We arrived at the hotel and the receptionist didn’t even bother to tell us the lift was broken. We were put on the 3rd floor and no one offered to take our luggage. (Due to the pandemic is fair enough). Getting into our room we’ve noticed that was no toiletries and only half of a toilet paper roll. The lights next to the bed were not working either.  We were going to stay for 2 nights only so we let it go. However, when we tried to shower there was no hot water and the cold water was barely coming out of the shower, so I basically had to have a cold bath. When enquiring the reception about it and asking to change rooms we were offered a room with no heating and they would have to open the doors for us every time we need to get into the room. So that was a no deal and we decided…",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or20-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible place,"I wish I'd read these reviews before booking at The Colonnade. This place is awful, so awful that we didn't stay. The room we were allocated was nothing like advertised. It was so filthy, and in disrepair, like most of the building. When we complained and asked for our money back, we were told we couldn't get a refund on site. The deputy manager was shockingly arrogant, and refused to inspect our room. He also gave us a bogus email to pursue our refund, which we never had. The director is apparently the only person who can issue a refund, and we have never been able to contact him. In the end I've had to get a refund from my bank. Shocking place, shocking customer service. A real let down.",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or20-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Such a Disappointment!,"I didn’t write a review before now because I felt mean adding another bad review to the ones already there so the day after we returned home I emailed The Colonnade and explained exactly why we were so disappointed with our stay. As it is now over a month since I sent the email and have not received a reply I shall say exactly what we thought of our stay. We have stayed at The Colonnade twice before in past years and we absolutely loved it. We haven’t been anywhere during lockdown so were really looking forward to this. We booked on the hotel website because it says ‘Booking directly with us has it’s advantages.’ It promised a full English breakfast, complimentary newspaper and a bottle of water at turndown. We paid more than booking.com were asking but thought we would benefit…",Date of stay: September 2020,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or20-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Treated with contempt,"The Colonnade Hotel, Warrington Crescent, London W9 1ER I have never felt compelled to write a review on Trip Advisor. We are a very well travelled couple and like to give the benefit of the doubt to everyone we meet wherever we stay. On Monday 10th August my wife emailed the hotel our concerns: We stayed at the Colonnade London on Friday night (7th August) and would like to draw your attention to the following issues:  There were no drinking glasses in our room  There was only one cup, even though we had booked for 2 people No teaspoon No shower mat or shower gel No bin in which to place tea-making waste One of the small milk cartons had soured and had to be thrown away The room had a musty smell, and we found a single dirty sock in a drawer  We have stayed at the hotel…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or20-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not Even the Basics,"This looks a lovely hotel from the outside & has a lot of history, situated in an ideal location but I was slightly apprehensive upon arrival as I did not have the best experience in trying to book it (it was a Fathers Day pressie to my husband. It was booked as a voucher & took 3 months to redeem but that’s a separate issue).  We checked in & first impressions seemed favourable. We were told ‘due to Covid’ our breakfast would be continental-croissant, toast & juice-would be delivered to our room. We were given our key card & told our room was 3 flights up.  I had been looking forward to using the  oldest working Victorian lift in England only to find it is now no longer working. Never mind. We trudged up 3 floors of the empty hotel, walked along to the furthest part of the…",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or20-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea let down,At 11:30 on the day of my 2 p.m. booking I was telephoned and told that my afternoon tea booking was cancelled due to an inspection the lady that I spoke to to did not apologise once neither did she apologise in the voicemail message that she left me I asked for the manager to call me back he left me a voicemail again no apology before this disappointment the communication had been very very lapse in that emails went unanswered and would have to be chased.  Very bad customer relations.  Will never visit.,Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or25-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An honest review,"I visited the hotel with my sister for our annual trip to London. We wanted to write a review for anyone else like us who is due to stay at The Colonnade and concerned that they may be entering some kind of hell hole rather than a 4 star hotel off Warrick Avenue! Just for the record, we are 2 normal women in their 30s.  I'm not sure what all these people who have written awful reviews were expecting when booking this hotel. However, after paying only £70pp for a 2 night stay in central London, surely anyone with a brain would realise everything isn't going to be 4 star quality! If you are looking for that then get out your credit card and pay for it!  Anyway, we arrived at the hotel early to leave our bags for the day, we tiptoed in sceptically, on the lookout for cockroaches.…",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or25-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid ,"The worst place to stay in London. Avoid this place if you are looking for a good night sleep. Rude and unprofessional receptionist. The room was horrible and dirty, worst bed and mattress. The only positive is the location but there are much better options close to Paddington station. ",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or25-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Please believe the other reviews!,"We made the mistake of not taking other reviews of this hotel seriously. It is a magnificent building with great history and a great location. It now houses a tired and worn out hotel. On arrival we were advised there was a problem with the room keys and we would need to be let into our room. I assumed this was a short term problem but was advised by a very pleasant staff member that this had been a problem since the beginning of the year. In the room there was a double mattress on a king-sized divan, and a couple of pieces of broken furniture stashed in a corner. The water in the bathroom ran, at best, only tepid after leaving the tap running for ten minutes.  Breakfast was delivered to the room (due to Covid I think) but was sparse and inadequate - a piece of toast, a low…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or25-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Left within hours of checking in - not suitable for humans,"This is advertised as 4* boutique but it is the dirtiest, dilapidated,  junk-yard assembly of second-hand furniture and beds you will ever find. Dirt, grime, mud, blood, mould and dried stains all were found in our rooms. We booked for 4 nights but checked out within 4 hours never to return. AVOID AVOID AVOID",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or25-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Where's Bazil Faulty?,I thought I would give it chance even with all the mixed reviews on various sites as I loved the classic british look and thought it looked quite a charming venue... I was greeted by a lovely girl with blonde hair and check in was quite quick. We were quite late to check in on the day but our room still wasn't quite ready. Not really issue when we just needed to dump ur bags however it seemed to be a running theme for a lot of the guest that were staying there. I was also quite baffled with the fact that I was unable to have a room key as the doors no longer work so we had to wait each time to go back into our room so they could let us in with what was the master key! It turned out we were not the only room that had to be let in each time! The room itself was spacious and from…,Date of stay: August 2020,2.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or30-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",EXTRAORDINARY AND HISTORICALLY RICH HOTEL,"A wonderful house with a fascinating history. Our stay was made all the more enjoyable by the friendly and helpful staff, particularly Ali, Juliana and Summer (whose enthusiasm for the house and its history is infectuous!).  We loved our stay at the Colonnade and look forward to future visits. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or30-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely place,nice staff","I came here for a little break.For the price I paid I was pleasantly surprised. The staff were really friendly. I got a feee upgrade to a four poster bed but the room was not ready just yet eith things missing,but it’s ok.Life is about accepting challenges.I was taken Ill at the hotel (nothing to do with the hotel) I had to goto hospital but the staff were incredibly kind to me",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or30-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap London stay just to put your head down!,"Overall giving it 3/5 Positives:  - comfortable bed  - location is brilliant, 1 minute walk from Warwick Avenue  - lobby area is quirky & quaint and we like that style vs anything too modern or contemporary - friendly check in, staff have been nice  Negatives: - no housekeeping was done during our 2 night stay due to staff shortage  - TV is poor quality & small, don’t expect to watch anything or take your own laptop - lamp didn’t work, toilet didn’t flush properly, shower is tiny - needs a paint job inside but this is just a small detail  Overall it’s just a cheap stay to put your head down for the night. If you’re out and about in London then it’s not too bad for a decent nights sleep!  Hope that helps! :)",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or30-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful charecter holiday in a central area.,"Huge ceilings, four post beds and juliette balconies. The hotel is oozing character and has a charming homely yet royal feel to it.  The room was tidy, clean and well made upon our arrival. A chest full of tea and coffee was available in the room and there is a huge and spacious bathroom attached to the room. The pictures on the website are accurate to room 16 which we stayed in (junior suite).  As a muslim I was happy the fridge provided in the hotel was free of any alcohol and left empty for us to use as we wished.  Upon arrival Ali provided a fantastic welcome explaining the hotels history and reassuring us if we need anything at all we can call reception, As a first point of reception Ali provided a great welcome.  The hotel grounds are beautiful with trees and lanterns…",Date of stay: July 2020,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or30-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Historic building with character,"Room design/size; location (Little Venice); history of the building; staff & their efforts to make stay as good as possible, including efficient change of room when issue with WiFi/hot water. Recommend - look forward to returning soonest.",Date of stay: July 2020,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or35-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and great service,I chose this hotel due to location. It was a 5 minite walk from Paddington station. The room I had was classic double. It was very clean and surprisingly spacious for a hotel room in Central London. The staff was very attentive. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2020,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or35-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty room, uncaring staff, avoid like the plague","We booked 3 nights and turned up on a Friday night to check in at about 7pm. Having climbed 3 flights of narrow stairs with all our suitcases (the lift wasn’t working) we found the room hadn’t been cleaned, there was a floater left in the toilet, and the bed was still unmade. The guy on reception said he had no other rooms (or cleaning staff) available but if we could give him 10 minutes he’d make the room up for us himself. As we were going out to dinner we agreed.   Three hours later we returned to find the guy outside smoking a fag. We asked him if he had done the room and he said he hadn’t had time but if we gave him 10 minutes he’d quickly do it. As there was no way he was going to be able to do a room change in 10 minutes we left and found a room at a much nicer hotel…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or35-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID AVOID...... Terrible hotel with rude staff,"My sister and I stayed in this hotel for a birthday celebration. All I can say is do not visit here as you will be wasting your money.  The hotel looks lovely from the outside but the inside is a completely different story.  We arrived early (12ish) knowing we couldn’t  check in until 2pm but decided to go for lunch and a drink in the hotel while we waited. On arrival the receptionist was not very pleasant but said we could check in early as one room was available. The receptionist was talking to his colleague in a foreign language, which I feel is rude when we were being sorted. We went to the allocated room (room 1). Initially we couldn’t get in as the swipe card system didn’t work. We informed the guy on reception who came to the room, huffing and puffing. He realised it…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or35-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",False impression,"You walk into a beautifully decorated hallway then well. You are cannot say anything good about this hotel. I agree with the previous report. Greeted by a receptionist chewing gum, carpets all rucked up and quite dangerous. Room 21 has eight steep steps up to shower room with light switch at top of steps. As friend said good job didn't bring the cat as deffo no room to swing it.  Nothing good to say about this hotel. Needs complete upgrade. Hygiene standards don't exist. Some staff pleasant others no interest and had attitude. All I say is give it a wide berth best thing tube station two minute walk away.  ",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or35-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Truly awful, please don’t book","Unfortunately, there is nothing pleasant to write about this hotel other than it is within walking distance of the tube. I have no idea how the hotel is still trading under what should be rigorous health and safety inspections for hotels. Basic needs are not met, service is awful and there is a blatant disregard for hygiene and cleanliness. Please avoid.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or40-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby, dirty and run down ! Awful ","Took my daughter for a 3 night break for her 21st the place was dreadful and not at all as advertised- I complained, was moved to an equally awful run down shabby , so called deluxe’ room - staff disinterested in my complaints. Big mistake not reading the reviews first, I was sold on the advertising and told my daughter she was staying somewhere really special - just awful and disappointed beyond words! All the same complaints as others ......",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or40-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Already written a review. Just posting an update. BBC Watchdog are looking into this Hotel after I contacted them so feel free to do the same. My main concern is health & safety, especially and false advertising. What’s on lovely website is not what you get.   Appears from recent reviews that the same old keycard issue is still happening, rooms not ready, dodgy lift to second floor only, menu still limited for whatever reason, mould in shower, limited fire extinguishers, wires everywhere, room outside room 21 falling down, limited breakfast, no tea, coffee or towels, free upgrades to a room just as bad. My own beer fridge has more alcohol in it than the bar. No refund if you complain. Definitely a trend here.  Most visitors will be short stays and they are still getting away…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or40-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great staff bad hotel,"Room key didn’t work, had to be let in every time by staff. No hot water or water pressure for shower. Cleanliness was very poor mould in corner or bathroom and all under shower screen. Tissue in broken vents to stop drafts. No plugs next to bed, no towels or hairdryer in room.   Staff very friendly and helpful it’s a shame the hotel lets them down.",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or40-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear the paper is better than the gift ,"First impression looked great lovely decor and furnishings arrived 10pm night porter helpful but restaurant closed and bar although I asked for wine and he did locate a nice red for me  he also gave us free “upgrades” not sure what the original rooms would have been if these were better! My upgrade was ground floor room 6  Lovely super king bed very comfortable couldn’t find wi fit code information anywhere also no hotel information in the room in fact no information of any description  Bathroom clean with bath and shower over although couldn’t work out the taps initially lots of trial and error and it was difficult to switch them off and the plug got stuck in the hole  Also strangely no key card for the room if you leave you have to,go to reception to ask them to  Let  you back…",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or40-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t be fooled!,"We lasted 10 minutes in this hotel before having to book somewhere else. The receptionist was outside smoking when we arrived. I’d booked a deluxe room with a balcony and city view, and we were taken DOWNSTAIRS to a tiny room facing a concrete wall. The wallpaper was practically falling off the walls. The tea tray was gross, and not at all organised. Really disappointed.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or45-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Near to the tube.,"It was minging!!! No towels not even a hand towel. No pillowcases. No toiletries. No tea.  The mattress was badly stained. Carpet was badly stained. On the plus side it was close to the tube, it was a reasonably priced, it was warm and I didn’t find any bed bugs.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or45-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Escape from The Colonade.,"Without any doubt the colonade hotel is the worst establishment my partner @I have ever experienced.  2 night stay for business Hotel looks lovely from the outside but is a run down mess inside Dodgy electrics dirty carpet and bathroom _Windows that don't open Also the door lock system isn't  working so every time we wanted to get into our room we had to ask a member of staff to come up with us to let us in with a master key They have the oldest lift in England and finally we woke up this morning the ceiling had been leaking and the covers and mattress were soaking One to avoid!The owners have somehow managed to have web site that advertise a smart boutique hotel,this is so far from the truth.  Witnessed a party of 4 from Sweden checking in at 9 pm. They were still waiting at…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or45-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dinner & breakfast-Outdated hotel,Superior room had the hoover in the room and no kettle and refreshments had to ask for them twice. Restaurant offers 2 course meal and explains 2 course meal is 1 for me and 1 for my spouse. Manager had to come and get it right . The food was heated from frozen ready meals. This is not a four star hotel.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or45-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"The good points...This hotel is in a nice area of London, and is a minute walk to the nearest tube.  That’s it!  Now the bad points...trouble checking in at reception, but they eventually found my name on their list. Then they wanted a £25 deposit. I paid on card and was told it would be 3-5 working days until I was refunded after we check out. They hadn’t assigned us a room so more hanging around until this was sorted. So up we go to the room. 1st impression was good. Decent size with comfy looking bed. On closer inspection though we began to notice things like paint peeling from the walls, the window didn’t open, the carpet wasn’t clean and when we plugged our phones into the wall, the circuit tripped and everything went dark! No tea and coffee making facilities, just a kettle…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or45-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel,Room was dirty cracked tiles in the bathroom no grout between tiles netting hanging off the rails carpets dirty no key. room wasn't ready when we arrived the bar area looked dirty and we defiantly would not have eaten breakfast here,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or50-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I beg you please please please do not stay here at any costs - Worst Hotel EVER !!!!,My brother and I had the misfortune of staying here for one night ( should have been two but left after the first night ) and it is quite simply the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in.  We booked directly with the hotel for a two night deluxe room with a 3 course meal for two on the first night for £250 which for London appeared to be a good deal. The hotel website is the biggest work of fiction I have ever read and the photographs are so not factual I cannot tell you. Okay so here goes with our list of problems - in no particular order  No key to our room ( had to be opened manually by a member of staff every time we wanted to enter ) Lift wasn't working to our floor Room heating clean broken not adjustable No room lighting  One coat hanger Bathroom uncleaned from last…,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or50-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a shame for this lovely building,"Its with Heavy heart I have to warn people off the Hotel. Its a great building and if you have looked at their web site promises a lot more than it can currently offer but has the potential. By the hotel staffs own admissions, is without a manager. so don't bother complaining the staff are in an impossible position. Welcome is none existent, so many complaints of rooms not ready. They did not have staff to man the bar. Rooms (we had two) had ceilings full of staines and loose plaster. carpets thread bare. broken legs on furniture. torn curtains. Such a disappointment for a family weekend.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or50-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",*Avoid* Worst Hotel Ever!,"The hotel looks ok from the outside, as soon as you go in you have front desk sitting on their mobiles uninterested, we were taken to our room and the door was open... we went in and was shocked. Wall paper peeling off, dirty carpets, hairs on the towels, the bathroom was dirty, no heating, broken tv and lampshade.  We asked for the TV to be fixed and waited around for 2hrs to then find out maintenance wouldn’t be returning as they’d gone home for the day.  Staff were rude, unapologetic and lacked interest.  I’ve been told the hotel doesn’t offer refunds but would give me a discount on my next stay - we didn’t even stay for the original booking!  On checking out there were 3 other guests irate and complaining who were also checking out.   I’ve emailed and called and have had no…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or50-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel. Beyond disgusted,"We stayed in this hotel for two nights with a groupon. The service was beyond appalling. The groupon included dinner but the hotel couldn't confirm a chef would be available. Every staff member had a different response to our queries. We asked for our room to be cleaned and arrived back after a day out to no room service or fresh towels. The hotel is lold, dated and not very clean. Do yourself a favour and don't stay here. It was a very disappointing experience.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or50-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worst experience I have ever endured,"From the moment we arrived at the Colonnade Hotel, it was clear that things were less than perfect. The person on the desk was unable to find our reservation details. They disappeared and then returned 10 minutes later and explained that they had found it but had it listed under my first name not my family name but no apology. Whilst i was waiting a disgruntled guest asked why his room had not been cleaned and the clerk made up an excuse. Alarm bells were starting to ring when my husband used the guest toilet and told me that there were tiles hanging off the wall and the carpets were ripped. When we eventually checked in, we were told that we could not have a key to the room because the card system was not working, so the concierge would have to accompany us to our room every…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or55-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Well...  Interesting to say the least,"On arrival we thought it looked ok, how wrong can you be.  The check in process was slow and the member of staff on reception did not understand the system, kept telling another member of staff they could not leave as she needed help.  When finally shown to the room, the lift was interesting, and then to be told that the keycard system was not working and we would need to ask to be let into our room,  this was totally unacceptable, and eventually shown to another room which did have a keycard.    The hotel has loads of potential, however I would doubt that this was a 4 star hotel, dead towels just left around the corridors, the rooms were sort of clean, television was basic.    Breakfast was ok,  area was very quiet, lovely cafe around the corner.  Won't be coming back.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or55-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Got one hour of sleep - terrible experience and definitely not 4 stars,"When I was a kid, I was evacuated from a hotel at 2am due to an IRA bomb threat. Please bear that in mind when I say that this is the worst hotel stay I've ever had.  We booked this hotel as part of a Groupon for Valentine's day. The photos of the hotel and rooms looked great - although now it's obvious that these photos are years out of date.  As we checked in, two other guests were already there complaining - not a great sign. We were told rather rudely to sit down and wait to check in - this process took around 30 minutes.   When we finally got our room, we were told that the key cards don't work for around half the rooms, and instead of having our own key we would need to ask a member of staff at reception to let us in each time. At the time I thought this was a temporary…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or55-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible afternoon tea,"had a voucher for afternoon tea and made the mistake of booking here. Despite e-mailing and then calling to confirm, clearly were not expecting us when we arrived. Directed to a dirty dingy restaurant where we were the only people. Attended to by a scruffy waiter. No table cloth, no nice back ground music, no ambiance. The tea was as disappointing as the surroundings, should have followed my first instinct and turned around and walked out. ",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or55-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel with lots of character - needs a few things to improve on,"The hotel has amazing character, love the suit of armour in the lobby area  We had read the previous reviews with mixed opinions of this hotel but thought that we could give it a chance as someone had suggested..   If you want somewhere to stay that close to the centre of London that has character and is cheap then give this hotel a go - but you should be aware of a few things as its the little things that let this hotel down  Our room wasn't ready for us when we arrived at 5pm which wasn't really a problem as we was happy to go sit in the bar down stairs and have a drink. We had to go and find someone so we could order a drink after sitting around for 10/15 minutes.  When we got to our room I was extremely surprise at the size of the suite (JFK) and for what we had paid for it…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or55-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly acceptable budget accomodation,"After reading some pretty horrendous reviews, I was left feeling anxious for my trip.  However, the hotel was absolutely fine. We paid around £80 for a standard room, which is considered fairly cheap in London. It's budget-friendly accommodation.  Check-In: Their systems need updating as check-in was a very slow process, luckily we were the only guests checking in at the time. However, the staff were very friendly and welcoming.  Room: A few wear and tear marks on the wall where previous guests had obviously moved suitcases around. A very interesting stain on the throw which we just threw straight off the bed. Other than that, fairly clean, comfortable bed. Nice hot shower, however, no bath mat was provided so the floor did end up very wet!  Breakfast: Fairly standard…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or60-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","DO NOT STAY HERE, The worst hotel I have ever stayed in.","Toilet overflowed not fixed in four days, filthy carpets & curtains, dangerous lift will not go past the 2nd floor and you need to jump up and down when pushing the button to make it move, light fittings hanging, some light fittings had no globe and the cover sitting on the floor, mediocre breakfast unhelpful staff full of platitudes but did nothing. Came in late one night and found one of our bath towels soaking wet wrapped around the base of the toilet and the toilet still overflowed. When I went to complain the man on reception said what do you expect me to do at this time of night. I asked for a replacement towel but he said that they didn't have any. Eventually gave me a bath robe to use as a towel. Several emails of  complaint went unanswered. I investigated and found the…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or60-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"Worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in, over 30 minutes to check in. Reception staff not trained & didn’t know answers to questions. Room uncomfortable, carpet filthy as was the bathroom. Avoid this hotel at all costs ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or60-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"I was booked in to stay at this hotel last Tuesday, I had email confirmation and had rung during the day to confirm. Yet when I went to check in at 9:30pm they had “lost” my reservation!! Like the review below ... I was offered a room in an apartment next door .... I was shown to a room with no lock on the door & no duvet or sheets to sleep under. I was given no keys to the apartment & was told another couple would be sharing the apartment. It felt unsafe, dirty & completely unsuitable so I asked for a refund & left the hotel to sleep on a friends floor!! Despite contacting the hotel repeatedly over the past week they have ignored all requests for a refund!!   Also see the review below ... this is not an isolated incident!! DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or60-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS HOTEL,"4 of us travelling on business last week, all required separate rooms. Arrived at 9.30pm to be told that half the hotel was shut, but they didn't tell us why. They said they could not accommodate us all, but they had a flat next door which had 3 bedrooms, but one of us would have to sleep on the couch. We decided to have a look, but it was not acceptable for us, we had an early start the next day for a  business meeting and with one required to sleep on the couch, we felt we could not stay there. Although they had my contact details they didnt bother to contact me during the day to let us know the hotel was closed. We did manage to find another hotel, the Hero of Maida Vale, who were amazing and actually cheaper than this hotel, thankfully, as it was late at night and we could…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or60-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade Hotel - Poor Visit! - Please read! ,"A visit to the Colonnade Hotel, London was a surprise present and a luxury gift for my birthday. An opportunity to spend some time in central London and take in some of the sights. Well I’m afraid to say that the time in London was let down by the hotel stay due to the poor standards of its rooms, the horrendous cleanliness and consistently poor levels of detail that is required when paying a premium price for a premium stay in a well established hotel chain.   On arrival, we were welcomed by the hotel reception staff. This was pleasant enough as you would expect but on entry to the hotel room - standard double room No 8 - you could tell how poor this room actually was when you walked through the entrance hall. We spent an hour in the room before having to gain the attention of…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or65-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",London holiday,"At first, I explain 2 stars instead of 1. Reason is, that if I have given 1, it would have seen like I write this angry.  Im not angry, Im dissapoint.   Lets starts this: We booked this hotel/vacation from Apollomatkat. Flights and hotel.   We have a big old room with air conditioner. Of course it didnt work. We complain it and they say it will be fixed.  Hotel put as room next door. It was half smaller and they didnt have door cards on that door? So every time they have to come open it when we arrived back to our room...couple of time we stood there like morans waiting the employee come and let us in to OUR OWN ROOM! 🤔  I didnt see any hoten info or nothing.  Water from the shower had its own life. One day it was cold only, one day cold and hot, cold and hot...  Luckicly…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or65-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!,"I can't tell you how absolutely disappointed I am. This was the first hotel my (now) husband and I stayed in 20 years ago. It was an Eton-Townnhouse owned property back then. It was just stunning! Beautiful rooms, complementary bathrobes and Molton Brown toiletries in their beautiful bathrooms. Fast-Forward 20 years.. and this has now been sold on and is an utter disgrace to the memory of this once majestic hotel. The hallways are filthy with dirty laundry left in the hallways. Never mind, I thought, hubby had booked the exact same room we stayed in all those years ago, so it was still romantic and salvageable.  How wrong can you be?! The same furniture, almost certainly the same mattress.  all warn out and dirty. The wardrobe was a dumping ground for a dirty old ironing board…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or65-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",READ BELOW,"Luckily this was a free experience from my partners work place. Through third party 'acorne experiences for traditional afternoon tea for 2' Otherwise NOWAY would we of paid for this crap experience!  1. The hotel is scruffy and is no way a 4* hotel. 2. The attitude of restaurant staff was laxxed and unwelcoming.  3. I kindly asked if we could replace a couple of salmon sandwiches with any other sandwiches as my partner doesn't like it, Which the waiter said no it's either salmon or salmon. This was weird, as this is never a problem at any other afternoon teas we go to.  4. I had to ask for cream for the scones , apparently they run out.  5. I had to ask for sugar, spoons for our drinks. No napkins were given. BASIC THINGS you would get 6.the whole tea was poor and…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or65-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Do not stay here, you have been warned!","I usually try and read through the lines as there’s always the odd bad experience at the best of hotels. Believe me every word written for the Colonnade will be an understatement. We were in a queue of complainers when we arrived at 2pm. Not a good sign. We had three rooms booked, two were not ready but we were shown them. Returning at 9pm we were told there had been a leak in the two rooms so we were taken to a flat round the corner. On a hunch we went and knocked at the two rooms and there were guests in both! We questioned the receptionist and he said that’s what the manager had told him to say. The room we did have was terrible. The smell of drains/sewage disgusting. Light fittings hanging down, dirty, no matters cover, hole in the wall filled with polystyrene? Freezing…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or65-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very Strick No Cancellation Policy,I thought I would warn everyone this hotel has a very strict no cancellation policy. Unlike most hotels you can make changes to your reservations in certain time frames depending on the hotel.  In my case I tried to make a change to my reservations within 45 minutes and was not allowed.  After many emails with reservations and the general manager they would only give me credit for one night that I wanted to change.  Buyers beware.  I cannot wait to see what the accommodations will be like if that is they way they operate.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or70-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!,"Everything was so bad! Dirty everywhere, there was dark spots on the carpet and bathroom full of hair from previous guests.Room smelled mould and all furnitures was broken. The bed was the worst where I have ever slept! We couldn’t close the bathroom door because it was broken. Our key wasn’t working so everytime we came back to hotel we had to ask staff open the door for us. This is not 4 star hotel.  Breakfast was poor, raw croisants and bacon. Dirty cups and spoons. All food was emphty more than hour before breakfast ended.   ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or70-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","AVOID , absolutely disgusting hotel, dirty, poor (no) service","Absolutely disgusting hotel, dirty, smelly, tired. We visited and instantly regreated it. The staff in the restaurant could not speak English, refering to me as 'boss'. The hotel was dirty, warn, old, smelly. Please please AVOID , this should never ever be awarded a 4 star! ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or70-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",It could have been the Overlook hotel! 4 stars - I think not!,"The Overlook hotel from the Steve King novel had nothing on how horrible this hotel actually is!  only thing going for this hotel except for the convince of the location.   My fiance booked this hotel for one night as a birthday surprise for me as he took me to see a show in the evening and we needed somewhere to stay. The pictures on the website look beautiful but very misleading!   We arrived and a lovely receptionist checked us in and gave us our room key and told us there was no lift up to the 4th floor which was fine as we are young! She sent us off up the stairs and that's when the cracks started to show (quite literally) there was a overpowering smell of damp , carpet was filthy and probably hasn't been changed since the 1960's with stains all over it and bubbling paint…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or70-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Do not expect four stars it’s not it’s a two star hotel very dirty don’t book for dinner !!!!,"Booked expecting four stars it’s two stars at best  Very very dirty The staff do the best they can but the hotel is more than dire, it’s very very  tatty absolutely  filthy dirty, in our room we had a collapsed mattress what looks like personal stains on the seats there is dust and pubic hair in the shower room and filth in the kettle bath and floor I actually had to buy cleaning products to wipe it down and we had provide our own milk tea and coffee and buy our own cups!  , the evening meal we paid for is laughable ,  every night rice rice or rice when I checked  it has only one star for food hygiene  Please note this is a TWO STAR hotel  it really needs to come off booking  websites as a four star as that’s a joke, it’s only action from the large booking company’s  that will…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or70-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Celling leaked into suitcase,"After first checking in and deciding that the room was bearable, we went out for the evening. Upon our return, we saw that the celling had been leaking above the chest of drawers on which we'd put our suitcase. Our suitcase was full of water and our clothes were SOAKED!  We were then moved to a different room. It became clear after a few minutes that the room that we’d been moved to HADN’T BEEN CLEANED. The toilet was full of someone else sh*t (whoever it was wasn't having a good time) - disgusting.   Again, we asked to be moved.   The room we were moved to was passable, but very cold, and not clean to any real standard.   We didn’t stay the second night as we were supposed to. The whole hotel is dirty and run down and I was uncomfortable staying after our experiences.   There…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or75-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful. Do not stay.,"The one star is for the convenience of the parking directly outside which is free at the weekend without restrictions.  No lift to to the top floor which wasn’t the end of the world, but when we got in our room it was boiling. Had to open the window and keep it open all night.   TV didn’t work. Only one towel. Phone didn’t work to call reception (so 4 flights of stairs later) we request another towel... for it to never arrive. Shower dripped our water. That was lucky when we had water as in the morning I ran the shower for 10+ minutes and no hot water (or much water at all) came out. Shower curtain was dirty. Bathroom was dirty, sink blocked and hairs in the sink. No bath mat.   Breakfast in the morning was awful. No glasses, cutlery and table cloths were dirty. Found an odd…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or75-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","So bad,  Basil Fawlty would blush.","If Mary and Joseph had booked a room at this hotel they would have asked to stay in the stable as it would probably be cleaner, our trip was a shocking experience which was disappointing as we have stayed in this hotel before without issue.  For me it’s difficult to put my finger on what was the worst aspect of our stay, was it, its dirty and hairy ( the curly ones ) bathroom floors, left over  detritus from the previous occupant ( see picture), mouldy  showers, or the fact the hotel had no clean towels so offered a bathrobe as a replacement instead ( admittedly inventive) that said, on further requesting towels on return to the hotel at 11pm they were provided, however we were not brave enough to use them as it would involve showering in the equivalent of a giant experimental…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or75-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous ,Where do I start.     Couldn’t use the facilities due to a wedding we knew nothing about.   No breakfast even tho we paid for it.   Bed couldn’t be slept in.  No staff.  Room service never turned up.  The list goes on and on.   Now refusing a refund.   Disgusting.     Tea and coffee but no milk and never turned up with any.     Awful place ,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or75-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Bad back + Chiropractor trip ,Came to this hotel for a night away with my pregnant fiancée. Arrived at reception to a polite lady who escorted us to Room 10. We were in for a treat apparently as this is one of their nicer rooms.   It’s not often you leave your home and arrive to what can only feel a third world hotel room.   The bathroom immediately leaked from the basin. The shower door was hanging off it’s hinges. Freezing cold room which smelt of mould. Then as we were tired from our day we decided to have a nap. The bed springs immediately dug in to our backs and the head board nearly fell off. We had a sleep to be rudely woken up by the reception wanting to give us fresh towels. “Not impressed”   We went out for a spot of dinner and went to bed. By 2am and waking up several times from the noises and bed…,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or75-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed,"Room wasn't cleaned when I arrived (garbage not taken out, the shower full of hair, etc), I complained and they told me they would clean it during the day, went out, came back at night and room was exactly the same, complained to the night receptionist and he shouted at me that it wasn't his problem and that I was taking off his precious time... Complained to the manager about the rude behavior of his staff and he said sorry and that it wasn't the first time someone complained about the receptionist... I mean I don't think this is a proper way to manage an hotel.  I've traveled all around the world and I've been from luxury to camping and have never complained but this is just... too much.  Breakfast was okay, but if you wanna have a drink during the day good luck finding…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or80-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here - had to put hand in back of toilet to flush,"Paid £200 for a London break for my boyfriends birthday to flush the toilet with my hand in the back. Rubbish left. Cigarettes over balcony. Heater /air con machine broken - freezing. Shower broken. Bin broken. Damp. Unclean. Wasn’t ready for 2pm check in as cleaners didn’t want to do all the rooms. Checked in and told by staff the new management don’t care about the building - it used to be beautiful.  Manager refused to deal with any of it, now waiting for last minute online to ‘investigate’",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or80-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Needs closing diwn,"This hotel needs closing down. It’s dirty, untidy and unsafe. During our stay we were given a downstairs room as we had a one year old. Out of our party, we had the smallest room out of everyone, despite the fact we had to fit a travel cot and room for him to get around. The cot came with no mattress and had a screw in the bottom of it. The middle part of the cot stuck up so we had to use a double quilt (which took ages to come) and pillows to bulk it out so my son could sleep in it.   The room was small and grubby and we found a plate in the wardrobe and the bathroom taps were dirty. The mattress was too big for the bed, the inside of the kettle was dirty and although tea bags were provided, there was never any milk. The room was not child safe.   The restaurant (if that’s what…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or80-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A bad, bad hotel","This hotel has some potential but realises none of it. It’s like Fawlty Towers but a lot less funny.   The staff were all very friendly, great with our young child, and tried to be accommodating, but I suspect they’ve had the life sucked out of them by the sheer volume of complaints. I felt sorry for them by the end of my stay. The management, however, should be lined-up and shot.   Here’s a list of our issues:  1. There was no mattress for the cot in our room (we needed to pad it out with cushions and a spare quilt) 2. Others in our party with children didn’t have beds for them in their room and were told to “let them sleep on the sofa” 3. Our mattress was too big for our bed (I almost fell off it whilst holding our 1-year-old). There was also a wooden board between the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or80-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible , Do NOT stay here","The worst hotel me and my other half have ever stayed at, I really wish I had read the reviews before booking . When we arrived we waited in the reception area and I’m sure It was finger nails I could see on the carpet (great first impression). We were told when checking in that our room wasn’t ready and the lady offered us a free upgrade , we had a choice of three rooms and picked what seemed the best out of a bad bunch , it smelt like damp, the carpet looked like it had not seen a hoover in god knows how long , dust everywhere , hairs all on the floor in the bathroom , disgusting the worst cleanliness standards,  you can stay at cleaner hostels. The bed was awful ,they had clamped two single beds together and our mattress had an actual table top underneath it to stop the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or80-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing!,"My husband and I stayed at the Colonnade Hotel at the end of November and they have a long way to go to improve this place. The decor and furniture needs updating, it's very tired looking. The room we stayed in was supposed to be deluxe but it was far from it, the net curtains were stained with mold, the glasses and cups for drinking from were dirty and the room was cold during the night. The shower was not great and the food was terrible. My husband and I ordered hummus and flat bread for starters and we got hummus and a few rounds of toast. The restaurant was empty and only one person acting as waiter and cook. The main meal of barbecue chicken, rice and salad was not great, the chicken was not hot and I bit into some gristle, at this stage we walked out of the restaurant and…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or85-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"My family of 4 stayed here for one night, never again.  They gave us a room with a double bed and a sofa, not a sofa bed, despite having booked several months in advance giving ages of children.  They did find us another room but it was not made up so we waited.  When we eventually got into the room the sofa bed had not been made up.  The shower was either scalding or freezing, no inbetween and there was a useed soap bar on the side left over from a previous occupier.  However, this all pales into insignificance compared to the experience at breakfast the following morning.  There were 3 or 4 cups (but no saucers), plates, glasses etc which therefore were used up immediately.  To get them replaced we had to constantly ask the one man working there.  There was no water so we…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or85-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas stay in The Colonnade Hotel,"DANGEROUS AND DIRTY PLACE - Please BE WARNED !!!  I booked a room for a stay in Londen, and opted for a hotel in Little Venice, as the area is magical for me. But the excitement quickly turned into a huge disapointment, when accessing my room:  IN A NUTSHELL: a DIRTY SMELLY PLACE : FAR FROM BEING A FOUR STAR HOTEL AS ADVERTISED!!!  - Dirty toilet, with pooh of earlier guests - Dirty bathroom with no bath mats, hair in bath tub. - Dirty carpets in the room - Dirty windows - Signs of damp - No signs of cleaning at all.  As the room smelled damp, I wanted to open a window, but this seemed impossible.  The breakfast, as from 7 am, was not ready on time. The breakfast room was dirty and not completely cleaned after the party that took place the evening before. The communal toilet was…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or85-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonade hotel maida vale,"This is the  worst hotel ive ever stated in. Our room was small, dingy and dirty. There were areas of damp, peeling wallpaper, the mattress  had all its springs visible which was very uncomfortable to sleep on.We had no bath towels despite asking for them in several occassions, electrical plugs were held together with masking tape and one socket was hanging off the wall. the shower was dirty, a used razor left from previous guests, the drainage area was black and full of gunge, the shower fell apart trying to turn it o n. Our key card didn't work so had to ask the receptionist to open up our room, which was a hassle as they were busy with other guests complaining. Breakfast was a miss, cuttlery, crockery disappeared quickly with no replacements and food was either luke warm or…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or85-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Sh%t Hole,"AVOID AVOID AVOID... This is no more than a dump... Totally digusting , Dirty and unsafe.... If you book to come here your gonna get conned because all the pics were taken from when it first opened years ago, and from then to now, You'd have more comfort and cleanliness staying with the tramps up the rd.... The whole place should be dragged before the health and saftey board.... Utter disgusting and the owners are not hoteliers, there con merchants and not fit to run a squaller let alone a hotel..... AVOID AVOID AVOID...........",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or85-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ! Nice place but they don’t know “hospitality” !,"We booked 2 nights including breakfast and dinner. The restaurant held private events on both nights. The first night, we ask for milk (never arrived) and the second night, well... still waiting on the food. We asked to have the menu at 7.15 pm and we received it at 8.15pm (after getting 3 times at the reception where we decided to order the food). At 8.30 someone came to tell us our menu were not “available” and we ordered new ones. At 9.15pm we decided to leave to enjoy the city at night and asked the reception to put the food in our room. We came back at 12am and SURPRISE.. nothing there ... Breakfast was ok but as the restaurant held a private dinner the night before, tables were not cleaned and the tableclothes were dirty!!!!  Our tv remote control was not working so we…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or90-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",You couldn’t pay me to stay here again,"I’ve given this 1 star which is generous and definitely not the 4 stars advertised on the front of their hotel. I booked this through groupon as the pictures looked fantastic and the price was reasonable! Boy appearances can be deceptive. We booked in with little fuss and got given our room. We were in a bit of a hurry to meet friends so didn’t inspect the room in great detail. It looked ok, a bit dated but was reasonable, or so I thought! My wife and I enjoyed an evening out in town and arrived back around midnight. When I asked about the bar I was told it was closed so we decided to just go to bed. I didn’t have the best nights sleep and found out why in the morning. What looked like a king size bed was in fact two single (nearly bolted together) with two mattresses on top.…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or90-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL - Disgusting, Don't Book !!","we stayed here before in 2016, since then the place has been taken over by new management and gone down hill- DO NOT STAY HERE.  Its sold at luxury price range but is more like a hostal!!  We stayed in room 12, which we payed £50 extra to upgrade!! what a mistake that was!! No lightbulbs in our room worked, everything was tired dirty & worn and needed maintenance. Shower was dirty and only came out half of the head due to dirt,water was freezing. No bath matts and only 2 towels that smelt old.  Tea/Coffee rubbish was still left in our room from the last guest and none topped up for us. No food, cutlery or plates at breakfast,when we asked the staff they didn't speak English, then brought 2 single sauages out on a plate, i had to stir my coffee with a knife. loaf of hovis on the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or90-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disgustingly dirty with the most disinterested staff ever!,"OMG, how this place still operates is a mystery. It is a health and safety nightmare managed by ghosts as I asked to speak to management twice and left a formal written request, still waiting. The place is filthy with only basic attempt at cleanliness. Cleaning and catering staff either speak no English or pretend not too. Our room was not available due to maintenance issues so put in the flat next door, no heating, no hot water, boiled a  kettle to try and have a wash but no plug in sink, sheets stained and smelly with an air of total abandonment. Despite complaints we had to put up with this, not even available until 11pm despite a 3pm check in! We were moved the next day but only with half our luggage as staff member disappeared with storage key. Next room no better, mould…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or90-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"We booked months ago,but were told our room had a water leak and were put in the Flat next door which was cold and filthy, Next day offered an upgrade which was just as disappointing,The toilet didn't work toilet roll holder hanging off the wall and was filthy, All other guests complaining, Don't listen to the review that says its ok it is awful, It's the worst hotel i have stayed in by a mile.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or90-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very deceiving appearance - unclean and no maintenance at all .... Hugely disappointing ,"We stayed two nights at the hotel in room 45. The location is great and the hotel looks good from the outside. This is about it on the plus side - all the rest is massively below expectations. The reception area is OK - one may still get the impression that this was a quality hotel some time ago - but everything else is sub-standard, outdated and in obvious need of repair or replacement. What is striking is that there seems to be no maintenance or cleaning work at all - not even hoovering the carpets in the corridors and stairways. The elevator goes no further than the second floor (our room was on the fourth). In our bedroom, many lightbulbs were missing, the bathroom dustbin was broken, the shower and the heating system did not work properly, the curtains were not hanging…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or95-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Hotel awful  Staff awful  The bar was only a selection of bottles when wanting a run got given tequila there was blood on the wallpaper pictures are lovely but reality is bad I have photos with the bad stuff kn.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or95-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Would give a zero if I could. DO NOT BOOK,"If I could give this hotel a zero star I would. I have never complained about a hotel in my life. But this hotel just didn’t leave much room for any positives. Upon entering the hotel, the reception area is very small and staff were arguing. They still use a paper system leaving all of your information out for other guests to see. We were given the option of two room.. one with a keycard and one with a regular key. If we choose the room with the regular key, the hotel would “keep it” and would need to pick it up from the reception desk every time we needed to enter. This was also the master key to every room in the hotel. Not very safe if you ask me. When we got to our room it was very musty, there was holes in the walls, and blood on the white comforter. There was also a small…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or95-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not good,We order 5 nights we stayed in the hotel only 4 because over booking we dont received refund the first night we sleep in coold apartment all days the hotel only in the day very not 4 stars the hotel whos disappointment very mach,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or95-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",‘Good Luck’,"It’s never a good start when as you’re checking in those that are checking out whisper to you ‘Good Luck’  Having stayed at The Colannade for a night I can see why. It deserves nothing more than a 1 star review.   The official website states it’s a 4 star boutique hotel.....an absolute lie. Someone described it as a hovel in a previous review and I have to agree.   Such a shame as the building is very impressive and it could be marvellous.  Staff seem disinterested and can’t even do the basic thing of hoovering a room. Check in was long and we were given a room that someone was already in! Then told we could have another one but the lock didn’t work, then we were given a room in the basement that stunk of damp and looked horrific.   Breakfast was tepid at best and the staff…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or95-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"I booked this hotel for a new member of my team, talk about leaving a bad impression, he described the hotel as a tip, at one point he thought that they had given his room away but then they found a water damaged box room. Highly embarrassing to have booked anyone in here.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tony Woodhead ,"The worst experience we have ever had at a hotel.  BE WARNED STAY AWAY.  We arrived early 1-30 told check in is 2-00 so we found a cafe for a coffee no offer to use there bar/ cafe, came back 2-20 after a 15 min wait while they tried to sort another traveller who had booked a double room and was given a single room not cleaned and with used towels left for the next user. We finally checked in, the hotel taking £25 deposit against damage ok. We were then asked to wait downstairs in the bar because there wasn’t a room on the list, yet we were on the list, finally a chap came down and told us our room had been cancelled, not by us!!! By this time as we had travelled down from Leeds we were a little tired for 70+ yr olds. They had no compassion had twice lied to us about the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",No where near as bad as painted on other TA submissions,"We went with some trepidation having booked before reading TA. We has rooms 24 and 25, they were clean, toilet and shower spotless. Bedding and towels were crisp and white. 4 poster beds comfortable. When we asked for more tea and coffee and shower gel etc it was provided at once. Breakfast was more than adequate, cereal, continental meats and cheese and full English, all very good or good. Reception is a bit disorganised and it needs to deal with one guest at a time, a training issue. All staff were very helpful when asked. I know this post bucks the trend for this hotel but we can only speak as we found. The hotel is ""tried"" some paint work and carpets below a 4 star standard. We were also asked for £25 each damages deposit which we refused to pay and they dropped the issue.…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel Iv ever been to,"It looks lovely from outside, when you get inside it’s awful everything is broken and hanging off the wall our bathroom smelt of sewage we actually left and drove back to Devon because it was just that bad.. there was a a chunk out of our wall as shown below, the pictures on the website look NOTHING like what the hotel looks like! Don’t waste your money by staying here it’s not worth it. Awful service by the staff there.  We also didn’t even have a radiator we just had a portable plug in heater.  Never again.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Location,"This is a difficult review to do as we didn’t actually stay there in the end but I will share our experience. We had booked a Groupon deal to stay for 1 night the price to include bed, breakfast and a 2 course evening meal with a  glass of wine. The hotel is located in a fairly tranquil area of Little Venice which was nice. On check in at 6pm we were asked to wait whilst the chap on reception was trying to sort out a problem for another couple. After about 20 minutes the receptionist said there was a problem with our room and asked us  to wait downstairs in the restaurant/bar. This area was devoid of guests but there was a member of staff who served my wife a drink.  After a further wait of about 20-25 minutes the chap on reception came and informed us the heating was not…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Is this among the worst hotels in London???,"Yes, quite possibly!!! I feel very sorry for the staff, as they try hard, but as one of them said to me, “ I’m sorry to be constantly apologizing to you, but there is so much to apologize for!!!”  Try to find another place.  But if you insist on coming here, then be forewarned....... The lift didn’t work while we were here. If you want to flush the toilet( in any room, it seems) be prepared to flush many, many times as you are pumping the water from somewhere, to be able to flush.  The first room we had did not have sufficient water running in bathtub or shower.... The next room had medium water pressure, but never got warmer than a cool lukewarm. There...... you’ve been warned!!!  It’s such a good location, and no doubt the building used to be beautiful..... the owners should…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","More a hovel than a hotel - not worth £30 a night, let alone the £278 which was supposedly a discount for a £600 room!!!","Booked through late rooms and having looked at the photos on the website, I thought that I was in for a treat (£600 reduced to £278) for a deluxe room in a ""perfect"" hotel.  From the outside it looks great, from the inside it is a different story. Stained carpets that don't look as though they've seen a hoover in weeks, dark bedroom furniture that are water-marked and peeling, mouldy walls, peeling paint, cracked toilet, a bath surround that was half hanging off, curtains that are so faded I imagine they date back to last century.  I complained and was moved to a larger room. The upside of this was that it was indeed larger, but I'm not sure that a large dirty room is much better than a small dirty room. Unfortunately I booked in at 6pm and was in London for business and meeting…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful - Don't Stay Here!,"I feel like I was scammed. I booked here because they had a good deal on their website and I wanted a treat for my two nights in London with my boyfriend. It seemed beautiful in the reception area but then we were shown to our room. Multiple things were broken and uncared for, we complained and the receptionist didn't even seem surprised. We were moved to a suite which is apparently the best they have but it had a dirty bathroom, lights not working, water dripping down the walls and more. We asked for a refund, were told they can't do it and we should email head office. Two weeks later we have emailed and rang multiple times. The manager is never in and no one has replied. Someone needs to sort this place out! ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely low quality,"Normally I always read Trip Advisor first before booking somewhere but on this occasion I saw this hotel on Groupon and thought how lovely it looked.  I couldn't of been more wrong. Three couples arrived more or less the same time as my Daughter and myself who all booked through Groupon.  We all left. When we first sat down on the furniture whilst waiting to check in I thought oh dear this looks old and worn out. We were given the keys to the room on the fourth floor, only to be told the lift doesn't work.  The stairs are dangerous and the higher up you made it the more you felt like they were going to give way. When walking into the room we were hit by a horrible moldy smell, the room was falling to bits, dirty, broken and just needed gutting and starting again. We all seemed…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!  We got there on Monday at 12pm knowing check in time was at 2pm, so we left our bags with them and went to get breakfast. We came back at 1pm and waited for check in time. There were a lot of guests coming in around 1.30pm to check in aswell but they were also told to wait. They then decided to check us in at 1.50pm to room number 4, which was absolutely disgusting! As soon as you sat on the bed, it sunk all the way down that you might aswell have been sleeping on the floor. The toilet seat was broken and hanging off the toilet! There was hair in the bathtub and the shower looked as though it hasn't been cleaned in months! The water jug in the room was a quarter full and we had no towels. So we went back into reception and asked to be moved. We then got…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but terribly run down property","Looks can be deceiving... I have stayed her the first time and do not intend to come a second time. I did not mind the small size, but the cleanliness and condition of the room: Dirty and run down (ie feeling the metal feather through the mattress, hairs in the bathroom, toilet seat moving all over the place, handles are broken...).",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever been to in my life,"This hotel was disgusting I am so disappointed.  This was booked for my partners birthday and the bath was full of someone else’s hair. There was no towels provided. The air con and tv did not work, we asked for someone to come look at them and provide towels and they never did.   The breakfast was cold and the hotel decor is horrendous. I warn everyone off this hotel it is not worth a penny",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Four Star - I think not,"I have stayed in this hotel several times in the past few years, but this recent stay was likely to be my last.  I had booked directly with the hotel. When I arrived, I was given a room on the 4th floor although lifts only go to 2nd floor and was told 'only a short walk' to the room.. yes up two more flights of stairs with my luggage.  Nobody offered to help.... when I got to the room, it appeared as if someone was still staying in it.  So I dragged all my bags back downstairs.  I was then offered another room on the ground floor as I said I was not happy to be put on 4th floor.  The room was tiny, definitely not a 'deluxe' room, but I was tired so agreed to stay there. That was, until I sat on the bed and realised it barely had a mattress, and what was there would be offering…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Closer to a Two Star,"How this hotel has a four star rating is beyond me. We were on a trip to London for the Tutankhamen exhibition at the Saatchi Gallery, which was on the same tube line which is why I chose this hotel. We arrived into the reception/lounge where there was one other couple and we were asked to wait to check in. We seated ourselves in the lounge and after around 15 minutes, we were approached by the lady on reception who asked if 'I had filled everything out?' I hadn't been given anything to sign, so she apologised and went back and brought back a form, which only required three tick boxes and a signature, but we were left for a further 10 minutes. Once we had eventually checked in, we were told our room number and shown to a lift. The lift was very old and only went to the second…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Run down hotel,"Booked in for 2 nights at £350 a night and we were shown to a room with threadbare carpets, water damage on ceiling, dirty carpet and 3 out of 4 spotlights didn't work. After I complained we were given another room which although better still had a dirty carpet and non working spotlights. To advertise this hotel as 4 star is risible. The only highlight was the friendly staff but they can do little when the hotel maintenance seems to be non existent.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I would not stay in this hotel ever again,"We booked at this hotel having stayed there some years ago and found it delightful.  Unfortunately, it did not prove to be a pleasure this time.  We complained to the hotel at the time and they were unconcerned at our issues - failing to remedy any of them.  An e-mail after we got back has been ignored.  We stayed there on 17th November 2019.  The issues:  Check in took 40 minutes.  We were then told our rooms were not ready as they had not been serviced.  We were offered tea while we waited to gain access to our rooms - the restaurant was being run by someone who told us 'he didn't work there and was helping out'.  Service was shambolic (we only asked for tea!) and the ladies  toilets near the restaurant were disgustingly dirty - poo all over one of them, and the other had…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare of a hotel,"We booked and unfortunately prepaid Four nights at the Little Venice Colonnade The reception area was marred by a manager screaming at staff in his office behind Room 28 (we endured for three nights) They said fully booked so could not remedy our continually stated plights The shower did not work (Boiling hot shower only first night, after that freezing cold) Bathroom floor tiles badly cracked, Mould in shower, on the tiles and on the walls – mould. The mattress was poor, the cups were removed, and housekeeping came one day out of three We complained every day and were told that somebody will look into it, perhaps optimistically The receptionist had to open the door for us every time. He opened the next room much to the annoyance of the naked couple inside. The floorboard in…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievable ,"Booked on the web site a suit...called to book a place in the car park. Arrived,  no place in the car park. The reception said: did you pay? No!!!! Nobody told me on the phone that I should pay for it!!!showed my room at it was a standard room not the suit that I paid and booked for. The reception apologised and  told me that there was nothing that I could do. So the following day I did ask for the refund!!! The hotel looks nice but completely disappointed experience. And also the mini bar in the room, had drinks already opened...what a shame!!!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Definitely needs improvement, but it's not THAT bad...","My fiancee and I stayed at the Colonnade (Room 33, a Deluxe Double) for one night a few days ago, as part of her birthday celebrations.   It is apparent when you arrive at the hotel that the staff are not entirely efficient. That, however, is a matter of training, and therefore something for management and the owners of the hotel to address. However, the staff themselves make up for this with their friendly demeanour and can-do attitude. I want to give a shout out to Rachel and Dion in particular, two members of staff that really went the extra mile by serving us complimentary tea when our room wasn't made up on time, and for carrying our luggage up to the third floor without being prompted.  A common thread throughout the generally negative reviews this hotel has received is…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great location for the tube , but very run down!","Booked through groupon - supposed to be 4* - looks lovely from outside but the rooms and inside is very run down - staff didn’t seem bothered.  Great location for the tube , and breakfast was ok , although they kept running out of plates and eggs! Very slow at replenishing. Our Room was ok - but not worth the money!  We didn’t have milk , tea bags , cups or a hair dryer! We had to ask for them! Lift only goes up to the 2nd floor so we had to carry our suitcase up to the forth floor.  Could be a great hotel but defo needs some money put into it and someone to organise and run things better then it is.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Visitors beware ,I have visited this hotel several times a year for the past 5 years and sadly now have to report that it has dramatically declined. I chose it first for its location as there are not many Hotels in this mostly residential area close to Little Venice. The Colonnade offers some nice size rooms mostly decorated from a tasteless period a decade earlier. But what was sad was there was no service. Upon arrival and having to wait till 2pm to get in the room the elevator was broken and 2 days later it was again broken so suitcases we lugged upstairs and then downstairs. No porter- by me!  The first night was so cold in the room we needed a plug in heater and a second duvet. No soap in the bathroom. The minibar is empty. And for 24 hours we had to step over the hotel’s dirty laundry…,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay for our first night as a married couple!,"Me & my lovely wife were staying for one night before jetting off on our honeymoon and we were served by a young lady named Rachel. She was very polite, kind and easy to get in with. She made our stay very enjoyable and was prepared to go the extra mile for us. Would definitely recommend to others",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",BAD START TO A CELEBRATION WEEKEND,"We arrived at hotel on a late Friday afternoon in anticipation of a friends celebration weekend, only to be told that our pre-booked and paid for car park was not available. We were given our key to room 45..the lift only went to the 2nd floor so walked the winding staircase to our room.  There was a pile of dirty towels outside the door. We entered the room which was freezing as a window was open, it was dark as some of the lights were not working and the curtain was hanging off the rail.  The bathroom lights did not work and there were no handtowels. The phone line to reception did not work so had to trek down in person. The fire alarm in the bedroom went off at 5.30 and we had little or  no sleep.  All in all it was well below standard.  On checking out we were assured the…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not 4 Stars. Awful Rooms and Terrible Staff.,"We booked this room through GroupOn for a discounted rate. People need to realise that you're not getting a good deal with GroupOn, you're getting the crap that the companies cannot sell.  We had been trying to call the hotel the day before and on the morning of our stay to see if we could have an earlier check-in or to leave our bags at the hotel because we had booked tickets to see a football match at 3pm. We simply could not get an answer via phone or email. We turned up at 1pm and as we were explaining ourselves the man on reception rudely interrupted us to say we couldn't check-in till 2pm. When we finally got our point across he then changed the check-in time to 3pm, strangely like he was trying to delay us even more. We asked could we leave our suitcase there and check-in…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad,"We were nervous having read the poor recent reviews but we were welcomed  politely and efficiently by the duty manager and shown to our basement room (10).   Yes it was a bit tired, the shower leaked and the bin was broken. The bed was probably on its last legs. It was clean though. Overall though for London prices it wasn't so bad. It was warm and we got a good night's sleep. The underground is nearby which is useful though you can feel/hear the trains when it's quiet but not a deal breaker.  Breakfast was fine although as others have pointed out it was a bit disorganized at times with stuff running out. Staff did their best to keep up.  Anyone who thinks you can get 4 star accommodation in London for the price is dreaming and it may be time for a reassessment of the grade but…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"I would give these hotel ZERO stars if it was possible. I booked a double room for my sister. When she arrived, staff attempted to place her in a basement room that was ALREADY OCCUPIED, then subsequently tried to place her in a closet with a twin size bed and refused to refund the $150 that was paid in advance for the double room. The front desk manager was horribly rude, unaccommodating and refused to give her his name, eventually demanding she leave. She was forced to book an Airbnb at midnight in a foreign country. DO NOT BOOK A ROOM HERE. Save your money and book somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Very good, does the job. ","This was the first time I had stayed at this hotel, I found it to be very pleasant and with very friendly and helpful staff. I would stay here again the only gripe being the wifi needs to be improved I wasnt able to get a signal, but maybe this was due to my room being on the lower floor. A mention to the chap on the desk who offered me a handful of quality street when I was peckish but due to how late it was no one was open. A special mention to Rachel who had only started that week, and was working on the desk, she was friendly, very helpful and absolutely lovely. She also recommended a coffee shop round the corner called Toast which was very nice. All in all it was good. ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful.....do not go!,"Awful hotel and most definitely not 4 star as advertised on Groupon where we booked. The hotel is very tired, which I could look past but it was also filthy. Our room was extremely disappointing and I didn’t want to stay to be honest! See my pictures.....tv didn’t work, sink didn’t drain, worm robe hanging in the wardrobe, hair all over bathroom floor, poor fitting sheets and no mattress protectors (yuck). I would not go back and would not recommend. The staff were friendly but had no knowledge about local area....just very disappointing.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"Although I did not arrive until 5 pm, I had to wait for my room to be made up. The man on duty was pleasant, polite and gave me a cup of coffee while I waited, so that would not have been a big deal.  BUT . . . there were no towels in my room. When I went to Reception. there was nobody there. I eventually found a very surly individual who told me 'Towels come Monday or Tuesday!' I had only booked for Saturday night. I persisted, and he tried to justify there being no towels by the fact that it was the weekend.  When I returned to my room, I could not get in, so back to Reception. He asked me the room number, then said 'That one doesn't work.' He seemed to think it was my fault! The door next to mine was constantly being opened and shut, and was so close to mine that it sounded…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely terrible, access in our room to everyones personal details!!!!!",Myself and my partner checked into The Colonnade Hotel after finding it on groupon as a luxury hotel. The outside of the property is very appealing and looks like the 4* hotel that is advertised. If only we had read the reviews before attending we would of never wasted our money. On arrival there were already a couple of people in the lobby complaining. One lady who checked in at 6pm was told her room is not ready yet. (Check in is from 3pm) We got taken to a room on level 4.  We were told the lift only goes to level 2 and we have to walk the rest. This was already a let down. After climbing the stairs which was so run down and felt unsafe we went to our room. There was an awful sound coming from the room and it was very tired and old. Water damage on the ceiling and dirty…,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute hideous,This place is diabolical. Completely ripped off for value for money. It's dangerous and disgusting. We unfortunately didn't read the latest reviews which we should have. So here's what to avoid:  A disgusting brown mattress  Loose concrete balls above head at breakfast  Staff completely confused and never getting anything right  A broken lift so having to trek your way up to the attic rooms.   Fire alarm in the night for a few seconds  Peeling wallpaper with damp  Arrogant staff although if feel that way if I worked here! They are let down by management too.   Curtains hanging off the railings  Room not ready at check in. Had to hint to give us 2 for 1 drinks in compensation.   Definitely the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Was expecting the Earth but this takes the p*ss for…,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",THOUGHT I WAS BEING PUNKED,"Booked this hotel months in advance as a “buyagift” treat bought for my partner and I to base ourselves around the Camden area for the weekend. Advertised through Buyagift as a luxury hotel! Arrived at 1pm, too early to check in but left our luggage with the receptionist who checked our name off on her sheet. Enjoyed an afternoon in Camden before returning at 7pm to check in. THIS IS WHEN IT ALL WENT WRONG! Arrived back in time to see other guests being sent to a sister hotel called “The Cranley” (3.5 miles away) due to overbooking.Didn't think this would happen to us as we had turned up at 1pm earlier that day!How wrong I was! We too got told there was no room for us and we would have to be moved to The Cranley. We had dinner included in our stay, so decided to have this before…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Sad...,"This used to be a lovely old place with a lot of charm: historic guests, an old elevator, but warm staff and a great deal of charm. The last time we stayed there (our third time) it was as if someone was trying to bankrupt the place. [One of the staff suggested that the owners, who seem to be Saudi, were simply not interested in keeping the place in running order.] This time:  The elevator did not run between the second and third floor; The electronic key to our room was broken, and someone had to come up and let us in every time we went out. Worst of all, several times while we were there, staff let themselves in without knocking, resulting, perhaps in: Someone stealing a small amount from my partner's wallet.  My heart is broken--not so much for the money stolen, but that this…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not a four star hotel as advertised,"Firstly the good: When problems were pointed out to the on duty manager he did try and rectify them as much as he could. Lovely exterior of building and great location.  Now the bad: The room given was on the top floor, we had to go past a very moldy wall on the third floor, through two defective fire doors, one of which did not close on it's self-closer and the other would not sit flush against it's frame rendering it largely ineffective. The room was scruffy, no valence on the bed which was ripped along the bottom edge, the hospitality tray was virtually empty of tea bags, the toilet roll holder was broken, no plug in the bath, no face towels, no slippers or mini bar (as advertised). We were upgraded twice to alternative rooms and the last room was acceptable but at 2 a.m.…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very old run down hotel in a fabulous location,"Great location near tube and buses.   Diyan on reception was very helpful and took cases to room. Fabulous old pub and restaurants behind the hotel. Very close to Little Venice,  pretty area. Quiet residential area. A beautiful but very old hotel in need of investment and cleaning. We had plenty of towels but no bath robes. Think we had a better experience than some people as we had a suite   · No way this is a 4 star, Very run down and not cleaned properly. Toiletries not refreshed, one pair of slippers, no bathrobes. No complimentary bottled water. Tea bags were herbal only and only one cup and no spoon (between 2 people), The suite had a gorgeous 4 poster but the sofa bed upstairs was left out as a bed with covers laid over it. Looked like someone had been sleeping in it! Did…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Impossible to believe in London, otrageous!!!","Im not the type to write these kind of things but i dont want anyone else to go through what we had to go through. One would think that because of the terrible state the hotel is in(there are water leaks, no towels, key card not working, lift not working, restaraunt menu non existent, breakfast always late and not high quality, just to name a few) the staff would be apologetic and helpful but this was not the case and i must say this really infuriated me. This small man by the name of houman not only cannot speak english at a level one would expect in a place like this with such heritage but he is rude on top of it, not letting me finish my sentence and litterally waved me off as if i was a homeless person begging for change. Then i noticed his fingernails were long and dirty.…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Very dissapointing, avoid!!!","We stayed at this hotel at the weekend. On arrival to our room, it clearly had not been cleaned, the sink was dirty, the bin was full and there were dirty dishes and glasses. We returned to reception, they offered to clean while we waited or we could stay in the apartment next door. We chose the apartment as we felt this room was much nicer than the original offered. We were awoken at 3am by someone knocking on the door. The following morning there was no hot water. I rang reception who said they would 'try' come to check the boiler, however, while waiting my husband in fact reset the boiler and solved the problem. At breakfast there was no cutlery, plates or glasses and this wasn't resolved when we asked the staff. We ate our breakfast from saucers and shared one teacup of…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Could be great but currently a mess,"Let’s get the problems out of the way:  Room 46 is next to what appears to be a boiler room or something that makes a constant low stop-start noise ALL NIGHT. We had a horrendous first night and got moved to a new room day two.  Understaffed. Maids had called in sick the day we arrived so rooms were not available for check in. Our room had not been made up properly, only one towel for two people.   Nobody available to help at night on reception, which was often unmanned.  Cleanliness in the rooms could be better. In our first room the pillowcases has mascara on them.  General maintenance issues, such as door locks not working (we had to be let in to our room by staff), curtain rails broken, heaters and TVs not working. There was a lamp in the room that would turn on and off if…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade,"Oh boy, where to begin. Wish I had taken notice of Trip Advisor more before we stayed at this hotel. I haven’t got the time or the patience to tell you everything that was good/bad, right/wrong with this hotel.  We think the decor was the same as when Alan Turing was born there! (My Husbands comment, brilliant isn’t it?)There is a Blue Plaque Stating  that Alan Turing  was born here so it must be true. Unhelpful Staff, Dirty room. A Garret  at the top of this hotel, with a lift  that only managed to get to the second floor, when it was working that is! Will not be staying here again.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cold stay ,"I hate to complain but I’m sitting here with a horrible cold after a night in the hotel without working heating and a room that smelt of mould. The fixtures are falling out, the hotel is in a desperate need of a revamp and the staff need a lesson on customer service.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Debited extra money from my account an never responds to my email,Such a bad service where they have deducted additional 40 pounds from my card and not at all responding to my emails. Never expect a response from this hotel reservation team. better to avoid. only advantage is the location,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute disaster,"I don’t have the energy to go into detail about how bad this place is but I feel like I need to do my bit for all those who may consider visiting here...  Basically don’t because it’s an absolute disaster!  From the minute we walked into our room to the time we checked out we have nothing but problems, it was one of them where you are crying at how bad it is but laughing at the same time. Although it’s not actually funny when you are paying a lot of money to stay in a dirty, unorganised, greedy hotel.   All I can say is I agree with all the bad reviews on here and would just advise you to avoid. Very sad because you can visualise this hotel thriving back in the day but unfortunately its miles away from that now.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",All front,"You walk up to this place and it looks ok then you go couldn't book in at first for people complaining, in the room no coat hangers no towels bring your own, pre booked evening meal for 2 nights when they said they specialise in Persian food they should say that's all they do and it's erm, only ate the sweet. Drinks prices ridiculous and service charge on top. Sunday night no bar at all as their drinks licence had run out. Didn't get bed made or room tidied on second day. This is not a four star hotel I've stayed in better 2 star hotels in Blackpool, shop around there's far better than this.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Peeling wallpaper was the best bit,"This place is terrible, do not be deceived by the photographs, they are out of date and misleading.   We stayed in room 6 which had tired décor and poor upkeep. Many light bulbs were blown and not replaced, wallpaper was old and peeling off the wall, the windows we dirty, the smell from cooking in kitchens permeated the room, the bathroom too had lightbulbs out and the bath suite was in a poor state of upkeep.  The breakfast served on the morning of our stay was incredibly poor.  We went for breakfast at 7.45am (15minutes after the start of breakfast) and already almost all the cooked food was gone, and the food that remained was cold.  The wait for cooked food was so long, and the quality so poor, that I had no breakfast, although I would have very much wanted some.    We also…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mis selling at its best! Dirty and disgusting hotel. I think they stuck the 4stars on the outside plaque themselves,"What a sad and disappointing stay. If you are reading these reviews please believe they are true and this hotel is lacking in every aspect of hospitality. False advertising as I saw no housekeeping no maid service a clear lack of food at breakfast. Where do I start ? Rude reception staff filthy rooms threadbare carpets the radiator covers falling off in the middle of the night! This hotel Needs a deep clean , complete refurbishment and should be shut down by heath and safety- my next email after this review! Shocking mis selling on their website and couldn’t give a stuff when confronted! Shame on you!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Unsafe and run down,"Outside is looks impressive but it’s not until you walk the stairs (lift wasn’t working and reading other reviews say it wasn’t for a while...) you see the real truth. Mould, hole in floor, unhelpful and stressed staff - a dangerous hotel.  Asking her batteries for the remote control and being told there were none should have been a clue of things to come!  My friend, a local had recommended but in truth hadn’t been in for many years and recommended based on its glory days. She was shocked! She came to collect me after I tripped in a hole (see pic) at the door of my room and which was hiding under carpet. My foot blew up and it was difficult to walk on. No lifts and having to walk 2 flights every time I go out! The reception was a stream of people with issues or wanting to…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fooled by the Web Site Pictures - Stay Away!!!!,"The hotel looked great on the web-site, wow did they fool me.  We booked 4 rooms, paid extra for an upgrade WASTE OF MONEY - It's not worth the money nor is it worth trying out.    To top it off, my shower had an exposed electrical circuit that was the fan - really dangerous, yet when I wrote to them TWICE, they simply ignored me.  So my advice is, ignore this hotel and book somewhere else - AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Only positive was the location,Filthy small room. No functioning elevator. No towels and the front desk can't find any for 6 days!! TV and safe broken. NO Maid service. Front desk rarely manned at night. Check in is a mess. I was 1st in line for check in and still didn't get a room for an hour. There were only 3 people checking in. This is not a B&B- checkin should be,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ms Andrews,"Awful, awful, awful, is an understatement.we booked as a group of 4 couples, on arrival at reception no eye contact or welcome from man at desk,no information ie breakfast or where it is, not enough rooms in hotel to put us all in despite booking done months in advance,4 of us put in 'apartment' next door, dirty run down building over 3 floors, 1 key presented on a bent paperclip, not ideal for 2 couples, old food left on fridge, dirty kettle and bin, kitchen disgusting condition, no tea milk, or coffee, complained to reception, very rude response,lamps not working, no attention to detail as expected with 4 star, shampoo mini bottles just thrown in shower, pillows on bed different sizes, breakfast cold, empty containers, no plates,or cutlery or serviettes  one staff member…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful ,"Would not recommend at all, tried charging us for breakfast that we had already paid, would say more a 2 star rather than 4 star, the description is actually nothing like they say. There is no lift access to the 4th floor, no safe, 1 bath robe even though there’s 2 of us, no slippers, carpets look like they have never seen a vacuum cleaner, a wake up call at 7.15 although not requested (they forgot to turn it off) no air con in room. The whole description is talking about a different hotel as it’s certainly not this one. 2 nights of hell. ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good location terrible hotel,"Arrived for one night stay. Showed to our room which was awful with peeling wallpaper and lots of  mould in the bed room as well as the bath room. They managed to change our room to a slightly better one which still was very tired with peeling wall paper, no plug for the basin and overall not very clean. Buffet breakfast was very average with cold plates and poor quality food and no service when items ran out.  Carpets throughout are worn out and need replacing. Smell of sewers on lower floor. Will not be back.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful Customer Service,A year on and we are still awaiting our refund - no response to telephone calls or emails.  Double book their hotel so they then try to send guests to their sister hotel which is some walk away and even lower in standards than this one.  Think twice about booking this hotel - they take your money and don't offer you a room once you get there - a complete money making sham.,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible customer service,"I would think twice about booking this hotel...in today’s Sunday Times it featured in the Question of Money consumer complaints column, after if refused to refund a duplicate payment made by a disabled customer who accidentally paid twice. He was given the runaround for weeks, and ultimately his credit card provider had to refund him, as the Colonnade wouldn’t. Shameful behaviour.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Hell,"Booked this hotel for one night, looked cosy luxury from pictures. How wrong we were, avoid at all cost! Once checked in we were given our room key. On arrival at our room someone else was in there already, and in an embarrassing position. I need not elaborate on that! Reception apologised and said they would upgrade us to a better room. If a room with torn curtains, previous guests used towels and awful smell in bathroom is an upgrade I dread to think what a standard room would be. In general the hotel is sub standard and needs a major face lift. Damp patches on ceilings, broken & chipped doors and worn carpets everywhere. Breakfast was a disaster too, hot food was cold and hardly anything to choose from. Plates and glasses all different sizes. Single waitress running around…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",WORST EVER,"To say reception is unwelcoming is a gross under-statement. If there are insufficient surly staff to handle your registration you are invited to sit in a  lounge with numerous other unhappy clients, who will tell you how their booking has not been recorded and they have no room. Or, if checking out, their credit card account has  been debited twice (or in one instance three times).   Assuming your booking has been recorded you are then asked to sign an agreement not to smoke - unnecessary as statutory law forbids this in hotels in the UK.  Move on - eventually - lift broke. Be repaired that day. Lie. Broke when we arrived, broke when we left. Four floors up to room 45 which doesn't appear to exist, or, if it does, is on the roof via the fire escape. Hike back to reception, where…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",2019 London trip,"I stayed here for 8 nights. Room was adequate. Lift worked at times, but did not go beyond the 2nd floor when it did work. The Waitress/Bartender/Recpetionist Sherry was great. It seemed like there was no job at the hotel she could not or would not do. She was helpful in getting a cab when needed as well as having my room cleaned when I asked. I was disappointed that I could not thank her before I left for on my last day she had gone home sick. Thank you Sherry from the guest in room 32.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID! A waste of a stunning building and setting,"This place is really worth avoiding in its current state!   The room we were staying in was dirty, smelt and had not been updated for a very long time.  I don’t think it was even properly checked over since the previous guests, as we had random balloons sellotaped in various places and a sofa bed was left out.  Breakfast was awful and whilst my wife was leaving another couple were complaining, but getting nowhere. I suspect it’s a daily occurrence!  Am I being unrealistic or should you be able to find something decent for between 100-150 a night in central London?   Good to support small business’ but on this occasion you would be better of finding a chain.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised!!!,"I booked in March for our trip in October.  As the time got closer, I began reading more and more negative reviews of the hotel.  In fact, there were so many we feared for the worse!!!  However, we were pleasantly surprised!!!!  Yes, the hotel does have its share of issues.  Keep in mind, it is a beautiful, but, old building.  It has a lot of charm, but it is in need of upgrades and renovations.  Our rooms were rather sizable and clean.  Its best resource is the staff, a team of dedicated professionals.  They went out of their way to accommodate us.  The customer service we received was amazing!  So, from the guest in Room #35, I thank each one of you for making our visit so enjoyable!!!!",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Who to blame,"I used to meander through Maida Vale when I had a flat in Bayswater. I liked the shishy eateries. And I noted the Colonnade hotel. It looks well from the outside and has a rich history so I was delighted when it appeared on Last Minute. Flash Sale - Half price. At £191 it was more than planned but the chance to wander in memories.  The lift, reputedly one of the oldest operating in England, was not working. When hefty this is not good. But this was compounded by the key not working. 4 trips later a functionary admitted there were issues. I thus required an escort for every desired ingress. Ok at 4 floors up I was not going to be leaping back and forth. Someone needs to define the term ""Club Room"". This might be a) not enough room to swing a club; b) not enough room to swing; or…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID.... FAWLTY TOWERS WOULD BE A COMPLIMENT,"Having stayed here a few years ago I was really excited to come back and stay here. I couldn't have been more disappointed.   The check in took 45 minutes and we were treated to rude and unprofessional behaviour from the guy on reception. He had the ordasity to mock my writing when he could barely speak English and had awful customer service skills which I told him as a result of his rudeness. I have never received so much attitude from a front facing individual in my life!!!  We finally got a room and the swipe card didn't work at all, apparently alot of the rooms don't work ...the hotel is appalling. It's in desperate need of love and repair. The room was filthy and the bathroom dirty!!! This is not a 4 star at best 2!!!!  I've stayed at better holiday Inn and Travelodges.  …",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Everything that could have gone wrong did,"We arrived on a Monday morning. We had pre booked parking so my partner dropped me off outside to go into reception to ask where to park. When I asked the lady at reception she told me where it was. I told her we had gone there but if we parked there we would be blocking another car in. She shrugged her shoulders and kind of laughed it off, with no other choice we parked there (because we had been told to).  The first red flag came when we went to check in and there was a lady in reception wanting to talk to the manager about various different things. We were put on the 4th floor. As we are both a young couple we didn’t find this to be a problem. On first inspection the room looked lovely.... until there was no hand towels, no hand soap, bottles of free washing bits just thrown…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but poor atmosphere ,"Some on Trip Adviser have claimed this the worst hotel ever, that it is most certainly not not case but this hotel does have its faults and is far from perfect. The location was fantastic and the room clean, but bathroom was tired with cracks in tiles and missing basin plug! Staff really need training as it was as if everyone was a new recruit. It is all very boutique like and pretty but needs love and attention. Bar & restaurant sadly devoid of any atmosphere and breakfast not brilliant with just one person trying to restock everything. As my school reports said - could do better!",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I night stay for evening works do. Super location in very nice area. Arrived at 12.30pm hoping to get an early check in - not a chance! Surly receptionist but at least they let me leave my luggage. Found a delightful coffee house round the corner - Boca Cha Cha - fantastic coffee and food, fantastic ambience and fantastic staff, could have stopped there happily all afternoon. Wandered back to the hotel at about 13.50pm thinking to get a head start on the check in which was painfully slow. Eventually, at 14.10pm was ready to go to my room - 3rd floor and the lift wasn’t working. Not a problem my room wasn’t ready! Was told would be 10 mins, then another 10 mins -then they offered to take me downstairs for a complementary drink but I needed to get showered before my friend arrived…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",THE RUDIST MOST INCOMPETENT RECEPTIONIST AND COMPLETELY FALLING APART,"Difficult to know where to begin. A truly ghastly experience from start to finish. A rude, incompetent receptionist who should be dismissed immediately. No responses at all to emails. A falling apart hotel with no working lift, rooms with no working lights, no functioning tvs, no functioning kettles. No accommodation for disabled people despite assuring when taking booking that they would be provided for. Should be reported to trading standards. This hotel is an embarrassment to Little Venice. Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",APPALLING MANAGEMENT AND STAFF - THE WORST HOTEL I'VE STAYED IN,"On arrival: Letters were all over the floor by front door upon being shown to our front door on Sunday 29th Sep which really indicates that the apartment was unentered on that day and possibly the day prior as post is NOT delivered on Sundays. Therefore I must conclude that the apartment wasn't even checked over on the day we checked in and possibly not the day before either.  No hot water until 730pm on 30/9 which meant my whole family were unable to shower the first morning we started there..... Surely this should have been checked prior to our arrival Finally when showering our children in the bathroom on the top floor, the drain in top bathroom shower was extremely clogged up and full of hair and gunk. Shower in the mid bathroom once the hot water worked (for the short…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience ever,Arrived 1.15pm 12/10/2019. Several people already in reception area complaining about various issues. We were told we were too early and check in was 2pm. Quite rude. Eventually got them to look after our 2 cases. Went for walk returning just before 3. German couple sat at desk complaining. We were told to ‘wait our turn ‘. Elderly couple from Australia came in. They stated they’ed booked disabled room. They were put on top floor with lift out of order. . We were then asked to go to desk. First thing they did was take £25 for “any extras”. They then gave us the keys for room 9 which turned out to be in basement. The room was dirty and the bed had been slept in and left. It transpires a German couple had only just got out having spent 1 night in there (Confirmed by German…,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A most uncomfortable night and a cold morning!,"Despite having a secure reservation, I had no room when I checked in at 23:00 in the evening. Instead I was put-up in a flat next door to the hotel. Because this was only used infrequently it was cold and musty. There was only an oil filled electric radiator for warmth and no carpet, just lino'. To cap it off, in the morning there was no hot water in the bathroom so having washed and shaved in cold water I left disgruntled. No one from the hotel could handle my complaint and no one has contacted me since despite leaving my contact details.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I’ve stayed in,"such a bad hotel, that I was compelled to open a trip advisor account to warn people not to stay here.   We stayed in room 31, and the list of faults were numerous....a badly Broken  bed frame so felt like I was rolling out of bed, and a mattress that had seen better days(springs would give you a nice kidney punch) Also a shower that went from freezing to burning at the fraction of an adjustment. A TV that would randomly turn on at full volume at about 4:30am both nights (thought I was being burgled).  A bug catcher attached to the bed frame that was quite full, a broken plug socket that suggested a cable fault, very aged decor with signs of mild and damp. In general...... 1. the lift was broken so climbing the 4 steep flights of stairs was a nightmare.  I noticed the sign for…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible- if I could give a lower grade, I would!!","We arrived around midday to be told it was too early to book in - at this point I checked they had our booking - they did, I saw our name on the paperwork. After a lovely afternoon/evening in central London, we returned ready for a super nights sleep. This was not to be ... So we got to the hotel @ 2130hrs, were kept waiting in reception, staff actively trying to avoid making eye contact with us. Eventually they asked us to wait in the dining area as there were 'maintenance problems'. After a further 20 mins, it's easily 2200hrs now, we were told that unless we wanted a room with a shared bathroom they would need to move us to their sister hotel - London Elizabeth's.  We had not paid for a shared bathroom so had to accept the relocation.  Prior to leaving I asked what the…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",RIP OFF,"pre paid for a 1st floor room we had stayed in 4 years ago, on arrival no room except a sub standard room in the roof space, we are in our late 70's and had already explained the reasons why we wanted 1st floor, it was now 10/30 at night and we had to run around to look for a hotel.I have written to the management and have had no response. they have my money!!!  STEER CLEAR of these",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Thomas,"after staying at this hotel I found out later my credit card was charged 3 times for the same booking, no explanation from the hotel, no apologies it took American Express 4 weeks to sort it out and refund my card I wouldn’t recommend this hotel, totally incompetent ignorant staff",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Train wreck,"We had a horrendous experience in this hotel while attending a family wedding. We were given a room on the 4th floor only to find the lift only goes to the 3rd. My wife has just had knee surgery. We were not asked if we had any mobility needs before being allocated to the fourth floor. Things got worse when we couldn't get out of the lift on the 3rd floor as the door had jammed. After going back to reception and getting help to open the lift door, we couldn't get into our room as the key card wouldn't work. We had to get reception to let us into the room on several occasions during our two day stay. The dining menu was extremely limited. The stairs are old and narrow. There is evidence of damp on the walls. I have never written a review of a hotel before but I feel compelled to…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel. When I was young I was in better breakfast and bed,"This hotel should change his mame to I will do It tomorrow.   The building is very beautiful, but very poorly  Some problems occur during a stay, this is normal, but staying 7 days in a hotel and having problems everyday is not normal.  first day: over booking, we had to be relocated to another hotel, we were offered a hotel of the same group which was lousy, very very dirty place. We complained to the front desk and they suggested that we go and ask for compensation from booking.com. As we were already 5 hours in this story we did not accept the suggestion, we thought that the next day we would return to the Colonnade and the service would be better, that was our mistake.  Although we had purchased a stay with dinner included there was no dinner available at Cranley Hotel. We…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK HERE,"Do not book this hotel. We did and turned up Saturday afternoon to have afternoon tea and get ready for a party we were attending only to be told there was no room available for us and to book at another hotel and not just ourselves, multiple people who had booked a room had their weekend stripped from them for the very same reason. No manager. No one gave a damn!! We then had to try and snake through London traffic to an alternative hotel we managed to book in to, hurriedly get ready for the party which we arrived late to and spent excess pounds on cabs for the privilege!! Don’t book here, book a hotel chain that give a damn!!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE !!!!!,"What an absolute awful hotel. Our stay was horrendous, staff were rude and unable to do their job let alone speak much English and string a sentence together.  We got charged TWICE for our stay and 8 months down the line have still not received a refund even with calling frequently and have been told to do what we can to get our money back because they won't help us! They now no longer answer any calls regarding our situation!!!  I would have rated 0 stars if this was possible. Unless you want to be scammed, STAY AWAY!!!!",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL .. PERSONAL SAFETY ISSUES,"Where do I begin? I have lodged a formal complaint with the hotel regarding our treatment during our stay October 3 to 8, 2019 for a family wedding to allow the hotel the opportunity to make this right.  We booked and paid for two double hotel rooms to attend a family wedding in London. Upon arrival, in the evening of October 3, we were informed there were no rooms available and we were escorted to the apartment next door where we were offered two of a possible three rooms. One of these rooms had a double bed and one of these rooms had a single bed. There was no guarantee that someone would not be offered the third room.   It was too late to make other arrangements so we agreed to stay in the apartment for one night. After checking into the apartment, we realized we had no heat…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT IGNORE THE BAD REVIEWS!!,"If like me you do not take online reviews that seriously and believe that a four star hotel can not be as bad as the reviews then read on: DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!  Why? well let me tell you: We arrived at just after 2pm check in time to find we were one of several couples waiting to do so as there was an irate man complaining that he had no working sockets in a room that ""smells of sick"" taking up the attention of the only member of staff engaging with the guests. There was another member of staff who was busy trying to look busy on the phone and walking around and generally avoiding any chance of dealing with the customers waiting in the now packed reception area. We were finally spoken to after about a half hour only to be told our room was not ready or indeed they had lost…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",SHUT IT DOWN,Such a horrendously run hotel.. I’ve never experienced anything like it! I’m lost for words.. just shut the place down. The staff behave like they’ve been brought in off the streets and have absolutely no clue what they're doing.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"Honestly I am never the type of person to write these reviews, I normally just deal with it and hope the next person doesn’t go through what I went through... But this hotel, I hope that no one stays at in the future, so I need to warn whoever may be looking into the Colonnade.  1. My grandmother, aunt and myself came to London for my cousins wedding. Upon arrival  we were told that we would not be getting the double and single room that we originally booked TWO MONTHS AGO. Instead, we were told we would be staying in an apartment beside the hotel, up 3 flights of stairs, no elevator, with NO HEAT and NO HOT WATER. We asked the manager for heat and hot water and they were unable to fix it or help us after asking multiple times. We had to beg for a room in the hospital so that we…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE - TRUST ME,"Please please please do not stay here - and do not think ""oh I'm sure we will be fine"" -because that's what I thought after reading some of these reviews.  I booked this hotel via Groupon but when we turned up to check in the hotel had NO ROOMS. We booked the hotel in August for my birthday - and the whole experience ruined my weekend. Save yourself the stress and go somewhere else.  Not least did we have nowhere to stay, all other hotels were fully booked. The staff at the hotel just went into a side room and left us alone without a care in the world.  They didn't help find somewhere else - they didn't get us a taxi anywhere.  In the end we had to pay for a hotel in Wembley which was the only one with a room - albeit a bit far out.  It was absolutely atrocious and we left in…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel!,"I truly wish that I had looked on trip advisor before booking this hotel! It was meant to be a romantic anniversary trip for my husband and I and yet it was akin to stopping at Fawlty Towers. We arrived early and left our luggage, as pre-agreed and the alarm bells should have rung then when we were handed a torn piece of paper with a number scribbled on as a receipt. When we returned, admittedly 10 minutes before the 2pm check in we were told our room was not ready. This was ok so we went to the bar area to enjoy a relaxing drink whilst we waited only to be greeted by a surly waitress who appeared to be most annoyed by our presence. About 30 mins later, we were told out room was ready, but were not shown where it was; we had to search for it. The ‘deluxe’ room we’d upgraded to…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",JO,"OMG worst hotel experience!  Turned up having booked a double room I got the cabin room - a bunk bed in a dirty room .  Anyway no-one checked me in or out. Reception full of guests this morning complaining! What a joke!  I’m Only here on business but I can imagine if you are on a romantic trip or holiday it would be devastating!  See below the cabin room with steps , good job I’m a fit 60 year old!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel we’ve visited!,"We arrived at the hotel at 10pm to attend a wedding the following day. On arrival there was no one on reception to check us in and a queue of people waiting to be seen.  When we finally tracked down the staff (by ringing the contact number provided) they were rude and ignored us for 45 minutes before informing us that they had no rooms available for us to stay in even though we had pre-paid for the room for 2 nights.   The receptionist then informed us that we could stay at their sister hotel (London Elizabeth Hotel) and they arranged a taxi after we refused to pay for one. They also disagreed that we were entitied to a refund despite the mess we were left in.   We arrived at the next hotel which was even worse. Carpets and bedding were dirty and outdated, the lift was big…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Poor experience from start to finish ,"Having travelled to this hotel with friends following recommendations we were extremely disappointed from the moment we walked in ,  On check in we were told one of the rooms weren’t available even though it 4:30 pm , we were then given a key and told to go upstairs , the whole building is in a state of repair and smelt stale and damp , on arriving at our room we were then told that they weren’t sure which rooms were actually ready !!  On entering the room we found that the room wasn’t prepared well at all , the floors hadn’t been hoovered , the bed not made properly, so called clean towels were covered in make up , there were hairs on the floor of the bathroom and dust all over ,  Food at breakfast was average and presented poorly ,  Staff were extremely unhelpful and sat…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What can I say! ,"We have just stayed in this hotel from 27th to 30th September, it was a deal with Groupon. From the moment we arrived we felt we were treated differently, because we had got a cheap deal. We were put in room 3, right next to reception, which felt very exposed to all the coming and goings. The room was very warm, with no opening windows and no working air conditioning. We asked if something could be done and a man came in with an umbrella and reset the unit and got it started. There was no hairdryer in the room and so asked for one, we were given one that only worked on cold. Staff were surly and most of the time quite unfriendly. No smiles or welcomes at all! Breakfast was the worst we have had and we stay in a lot of hotels. Plates cold, cereal limited, cooked breakfast barely…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Could have been better,"Stayed here in sept and it did what we needed but that was it. The room we were given was double booked which wasn’t a great start, then the lift didn’t work which became the norm throughout our stay. The staff were great but receptionists were a little miserable/ unhelpful. We did have breakfast which was good but nothing special. We only paid £77 per night so feel we got a good deal. The tube is literally a 60 second walk which is so convenient. The room was very nice, plenty of space and clean. The bed was comfortable but the sheets barely covered the Mattress.  All in all we enjoyed our stay but did use the hotel only as somewhere to sleep and have breakfast. The hotel could be amazing if the owners would put some money into redecorating it and for God’s sake GET THE LIFT…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",good stay,"I booked two rooms for family members and both rooms were fine both a good size and clean, the hotel itself is old and does need some modernisation I felt the price was about right. I cant believe the reviews on here are so bad I must have been lucky with my rooms or the hotel has started to do some repairs etc. One complaint my elderly father checked in but was not registered but allowed to go to his room when I checked later on to see if he had arrived I was told he had not which caused a bit of a panic. The staff I encountered where all polite maybe the gentleman who works on reception (French I think) needs to be a little less serious. But I found the receptionist Sarah to be very helpful and professional a real asset to the hotel   .",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Sadly gone down hill ,"Extremely disappointing, not maintained, ok cleaning but sadly lousy service, the staff never smile. We paid a lot to stay here as we loved it here 5 years ago... but it’s really gone down hill. Lots og guests complaining and in the local pub they confirmed that our experience is the norm now.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful stay at the Colonnade,"My husband and I had a lovely stay at the colonnade this past weekend. We were in London for our first anniversary, and we were very pleased with our accommodations! When the staff learned that it was our anniversary, they upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge. They were so kind! We highly recommend! ",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel did not fulfil our Booking the for two rooms that we paid for,We arrived at the hotel mid evening to be told that there was only 1 room available for us despite the hotel having taken the money for the 2 rooms that we had booked  After some discussion between the receptionist and the ‘manager’ we were told that there were two rooms available in the building next door  We followed the receptionist to a ‘flat’ where we were told we could use the one bedroom and a living room which contained merely a sofa which could be made up into a bed however we were informed that we couldn’t use the top floor as there was someone already staying there - this did mean that we were sharing the living area and kitchen and bathroom with a stranger  The receptionist told us she had decided to put us in there as she felt this ‘would be best for my family ‘  I…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING-UNHELPFUL,"Do not bother. Please please please don’t bother. We attempted to stay here for our honeymoon... the room was disgusting. The bathroom was COVERED in mould!! Room covered in dust, toilet didn’t work, shower leaked and the room smelt! So much that they tried to “air it out” by opening windows - this room could not be aired out. When we asked for a refund they refused and told us to “email sales”. Obviously a ridiculous tactic to try to hold on to our money. They advised they didn’t do refunds from the property as no one had authorisation to complete a refund. Don’t bother asking for the manager because he’s not authorised to do anything other than wear a suit.  To make things worse, they even sent a bellboy upstairs to “check our room” was ready. And he came back saying yes it…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",We have stayed in better 2 Star hotels!,"We were given Room 28 upon arrival. The lift was a nightmare, but a member of staff finally had us on our way. I have cancer & undergoing daily radiotherapy, so stairs not an option.  We were 'celebrating'our wedding anniversary with a one night stay.  Room 28 was dingy, dark & worst of all had not been cleaned or bed made up. Worse still, I tripped on a loose floorboard as we entered. My husband complained immediately & we were given room 43.  That would be fine if the lift worked!  8 flights of stairs are no use for infirm, disabled.  Maintenace had to be called as tv would not connect, which was dealt with swiftly. The extensive dinner menu in our room was drastically reduced & even then certain dishes were unavailable.  The 20% discount promised on our dinner bill because we…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",2nd time .....gone downhill rapidly,"Must start by saying that I was extremely grateful to the collonade for allowing us to defer our groupon offer for near on a whole year ( due to my wife's I'll health ) , so so grateful and really pleased with their communication and willingness to let us re book.......sadly this positive was short lived once we arrived .  Upon arrival one thing that strikes you is the heat of the place. It's so hot its almost unbearable in the lobby.   We got given room 48 , which can only be described as an attic room . The room is small and has to be said very tired .  Paint cracking,  peeling,  marked , dirty and the wallpaper the same ( see photo )   When we arrived in the room it was like a sauna , yes it was  hot day but the window opens a mere 5 inches ( I totally get the need for child…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Ok, great loaction, dont search for faults as you will find them!","We, two couples stayed at the Colonnade for two nights starting 6th Sept 2019. We had rooms 24 & 25. The rooms were ok, the beds were comfortable. The sheets appeared clean the rooms were a good size. Not decorated to our taste but if you are looking for perhaps old fashioned english decor then this will suit you? This hotel is located just 400mtrs from Warwick tube station so was very well postioned to explore all of London. The staff were happy to see us and took care of booking in and out, we didnt need them for anything else. Breakfast was of the standard we expected, the usual choice for a cooked breakfast and a selection of other choices if you wanted continental.We did not eat or drink in the hotel other than breakfast. I would say that if you wanted to find things to…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,Stayed for one night (6/9/19 and very glad it was just that.(Room 44)  The mattress had seen better days the spring's were poking through. The wc the floor was cracked and the shower did not work that well. The toilet did not flush very well and the room felt grubby. Breakfast was passable although I asked if they had any hash browns as there was half if one left. The staff member said no they have ran out. Then my partner went to get her breakfast to find that they had no plates and had to wait 5mins while they washed a plate for her. Could understand if it was a massive hotel and very busy  On checking out the person on the front desk just took our key card and checked that we had paid. Didn't ask if we had a nice stay or anything so goes to show they couldn't careless. This…,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Superb hotel,"Set in a lovely part of London. Birthplace of Alan turring, and only 50 yards from Warwick Ave tube. Beautiful decor , staff on reception couldn’t do enough and secure area to leave luggage on check in and check out, , fair size bedrooms, try to get a suite if you can. Very clean restaurant and Buffett breakfast , which if you love full English  is always good!! Lol.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",2 star standard forget the 4 stars on the door,"Check in 2 pm arrived 3.30 pm room not ready till 4 , room had a very poor mattress , and furnishings very tired.  Reception staff receiving complaints from a number of guests ...and looked completely disinterested, (huge management problem at this hotel)   Bathroom / hotel has a drain problem as slight drain aroma.  Restaurant area very tired, marked wallpaper....breakfast a train wreck no plates, no one checking on food and what had run out staff reluctant to do anything but the minimum  ........constantly had to ask for things from staff basic stuff.     Arrived back from evening out to a room cleaned , but no toiletries left  and no towels left instead they had left dressing gowns ......but as it was midnight I didn’t bother to complaint. Faulty towers developing…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing and disgusting,"My hubby got a groupon voucher to stay at the colonarde Hotel  for my belated birthday present . I was so excited because I wanted to stay there originally for our wedding night a long time ago. I'm now glad that we never did spend our wedding night there. The building itself is beautiful but it's not been kept that way inside looks like it need some restoration in places. When we got to our room it looked great at first then on closer inspection it was filthy. Old cigarette burn marks on the seat under the window. Stains on the chairs and slight rips. Lots of questionable stains on the bed throw I won't say what I thought it was I'll let you guess. Yellow stains on the bed skirt. Holes in the wall by the bathroom, lipstick on the wall by the door. I couldn't believe they are…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty hotel with poor service,"The hotel is very well located and is beautiful outside... but unfortunately that’s it. The room we were shown when we booked in was tiny and in the basement so  we paid extra to be upgraded. The room was bigger but very run down and shabby. The bathroom sink was blocked with stagnant water. We paid 20 pounds to park our car , but the parking is very small . We got a call at 11:45 pm asking  us to move it to let another guest out. We got another call at 10:00 the next morning for the same reason. The second day we returned at 7pm to find that our room had not been made up. When we returned from dinner the room had been tidied but not cleaned and there were no towels in the bathroom... when I called reception they explained that they had run out ... the explanation given was that…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible experience. Dirty, dangerous electrics, ripped carpet, scalding shower and exposed bed springs. Don’t recommend","“Treated” ourselves to two nights here via groupon- room 11 wasn’t a good experience at all. The shower and bathroom sink had one water temp of scalding - even after running a shallow bath, and leaving to cool for an hour, you couldn’t get into it! Carpet around door was badly torn and a trip hazard as frayed away badly. The bed has exposed springs so had to sleep on duvet. Dodgy broken plug behind dressing table. Air con didn’t work, green mould/algae growth outside window. No towels provided so had to purchase our own ( they provide one between 2 of us on second day) breakfast was over cooked but cold. Bar was over priced and appeared to be mainly used by staff who were smoking most of the time on patio area. Restaurant was empty most of the time except breakfast ( included in…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t Bother,"This hotel survives on its past reputation. The stay I had for my wedding night was not a standard I would expect for the price or area. Below is a copy of the complaint my wife sent to which the company didn’t even bother to respond to:  I am emailing regarding my stay on the night of the 17th August 2019. We arrived around half past nine that night and was waiting in the lobby around 20 minutes until a staff member came to see us. He explained that the card system wasn’t working and he would have to open our room with a key. Which we understand happens. Unfortunately this was only the start of the problem. The kettle we had wasn’t working (this was replaced with another which didn’t switch off), the bed we had was not what we were told we had which was very disappointing as…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",They promised us free breakfast & then demanded we pay.,"On day one the woman at the front desk cheerfully told us breakfast was included. On checkout the manager demanded we pay for breakfast.  I don't usually write reviews of hotels. I'm not very particular - if I have a bed, a bathroom & the door lock works, I'm usually fine. But the fact that they openly acknowledged that the person on day one told us breakfast was free but demanded it anyway compelled me to make sure the world knows:  Do. Not. Go. To. The. Colonnade. In. London. They. Are. Terrible.  I'd give this no stars if I could.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Missing customer service & wonky loo!,Stayed overnight as part of a Groupon  deal so believed it to be value for money....  Arrived early & as we were unable to check (though other couples were) in we asked to leave our case- we were given a receipt & tag placed on our case- believing it would be locked away- when we later returned the said case was still in reception! The explanation given was that reception was always manned- not true as twice I noted nobody sat at the desk! Customer service was farcical and lacking!  So our first room (had called to confirm booking the day before & was assured we would have a nice room as it was our Wedding Anniversary) when we eventually found it (lift stopped suddenly between floors) was in fact a twin room- two separate beds!! After explaining again we were a couple not…,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever. Do not stay ,"Never write bad reviews but felt I have to. Stayed here 6 th July and still trying to get my deposit back which was promised five working days later! First room we were put in was in the basement, and stank of sewerage. Second room another couple had been moved out and they had been on the bed and drank out of the glasses. No kettle working as no electricity. After complaining yet again and getting very angry we were eventually moved to a third room. Much better but quite unclean. Totally ruined our weekend away... Am going to phone again and find out why my deposit is not refunded. Disappointed beyond belief ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.....,"We spent three nights over the August Bank Holiday weekend and I was disappointed to arrive to find that our room had been 'upgraded', to a twin room (47). As a long and expensive weekend away as a couple, I would have just preferred the standard double room I had booked.. The sheets were luxurious but the mattresses on the beds themselves were shot and needed replacing. The chair in the room was filthy and the lampshade was covered in stains too. The sink in the bathroom didnt drain when you brush you teeth, when I lifted up plug to try to speed the drainage, the plug was absolutely matted with thick long black hairs which made me feel sick.  The thermostat in the shower mixer is broken so you are scorched and frozen whilst showering! The location is fabulous and the building…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",This could be so much better!,"The location is great, and the initial entrance beautiful, the history of the building and its past inhabitants interesting. However, it took a delightful young lady an hour to check us and two others into the hotel.  The rooms had not been serviced by 4pm, she seemed poorly supported/trained by her manager as did the rest of the staff. We were offered a drink whilst we waited - it never arrived. The bed had been made in our room, however clothes belonging to another, were in the wardrobe! On my journey down the stairs, could not get a reply on the phone - lift worked intermittently - I requested fresh water and tea bags, the welcome package described did not exist, I also reported the clothing! As i returned to our room the previous occupier tried to get in with his now…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",No way is this 4 star.. very shabby and in desperate need of complete refurbishment ,"Stayed two nights with husband and 2 granddaughters. Was told we had a family suite.  Room was very dated, dirty carpet, very old furniture and absolutely awful bathroom. Grandchildren aged 11 and 13s bed was a old tatty sofa bed which was more single size than double, with the thinnest mattress, had to place pillows and duvet underneath the mattress to enable them to get slightly comfortable, leaving them with towels as covers.. we informed reception in the morning as we were going out and they said they would sort something out whilst we were out for the day. On returning back that night. The bed hadn't been touched. Leaving the girls to sleep another night as previous.. The breakfast was also terrible. My advise is avoid this hotel at all costs.. only positive is the area of…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Not 4 star, not even 3 and some reviews read as written by staff/friends. Beware.","We booked to stay here on a non refundable basis for the Ashes based on a Tripadvisor 4 rating. After booking we read the terrible 1 reviews and wanted to cancel. A visit was made before we stayed. The hotel said it had overcome its rodent problem, but the place is still not clean. Once (in the 1980’s) it would have been elegant but now it is just shabby, in need of a complete refurbishment. We had one of the better rooms (for which we paid) but furniture was chipped, handles falling off, stained curtains, peeling wallpaper, poor bed and bed linen, 6 missing lightbulbs, 2 lamps that worked intermittently, one broken lampshade. We had to request toilet tissue, water, bathrobes, slippers, coffee, milk (they ran out of capsules) and one night by the time they got around to…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky,"Located close to Warwick Road tube station is the impressive looking Colonnade hotel. If you have a pleasant stay there then people think it's quirky, for others the descriptions are more animated. I found it quirky initially. When I could not lock my room safe and despite making a number of calls, no member of staff came to remedy, I put it down to an oversight. When the bathtub tap came off in my hand I was unable to turn it off I became more concerned. Staff on this occasion came quickly but could not remedy the situation. As this was a Sunday the resident plumber/fixer was unavailable which compounded the problem. Not sure if I will venture back!!!",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ruined my trip,"So I’ve travelled with a friend to buy a car. We decided to stay at this hotel from looking at photos. It is NOT a true reflection of the hotel. It’s noisy consistently through the night with the hotel seeming to be shaking every 10 seconds, out dated, breakfast was terrible and it’s £2.95 for a can of Fanta, the shower falls apart every time you touch it, the flush doesn’t work properly,  The list could go on.  Do not stay here if you have other options. Faulty towers springs to mind.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Website doesn’t show true colours,"We got given a voucher for a nights stay at this hotel for my birthday, we decided to add a extra night stay  and the money we paid assumed we would be getting good quality. However from the pictures we did not receive this. We stayed in room 1 which had no kettle, hairdryer or telephone so we had to KEEP going up to  reception to request these, when we eventually got them the kettle was not working. The breakfast was minimal but the restaurant staff was very helpful. The location and reception area was lovely but the room let it down",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,"Amazing hotel , very good location .there is a beautiful garden as well which is perfect for having drinks in summer times . I stayed there with my husband and we were so surprised and pleased with complementary services at the hotel . Stuff are very polite and helpful . Very good location . We have a great stay . Definitely will book again . Thank you .",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",travelin,"the lobby is fab fun, the room completely unique and with a balcony! We were able to open the doors in the evening while resting in our very comfy bed! You can tell the property has been there a while so it is not perfect but the location is great and we really loved the convenience of the location and some great dining around area! ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"Very nice stay at the Colonnade.   The hotel and room were wonderful. However, breakfast, unfortunately was not so good. There was not much choice at breakfast and some food and drink we’re not replenished so we had to wait a while for these.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away in London,"I am not one to write a bad review but I feel the need to as our stay at what we thought was going to be a Beautiful hotel we were left bitterly disappointed.   Firstly we thought we struck a great deal double room down from £820 to £420 for 3 nights... bargain right?   We arrived after a 4hour drive from Manchester, checked in and couldn't wait to see our room... it was small, the bathroom had no hand soap, the door didnt lock, the shower was all glass with a huge step you had to step up on to get into the shower,no hand rails and water splashed over the entire bathroom floor making it a slip hazard even though I put a towel down, you can hear the tube go past every 10 minutes.   So after a LONG coach trip the following day I decided no, weve travelled down from Manchester,…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but shocking hotel,"We booked the hotel back in January because of its location to Lord’s Cricket Ground and in that respect it was great.  But that’s where the positives end. The first room was filthy and extremely small - you could only just move around the bed.  The room we were moved to was marginally cleaner and was more comfortable. But the rooms and hotel are in desperate need of refurbishment and a deep clean as a minimum.   Breakfast was poor - the continental offering consisted of cereals, fruit and processed ham and cheese. The hot offering was equally poor quality and the choice was limited and the coffee and juices were disgusting.   But the one member of staff on the breakfast service did try to help- but with so many requests and complaints she really did her best.   Not sure where…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Visiting friends ,"This hotel is a 3 stars max, the exterior is super nice, the interior is shocking! Rooms are dirty toilets are very very old, soap and shampoo horrible towels torn bed sheets torn carpet smells horrible in all the hotel small bugs in the room no attention to detail whatsoever!!! It was very very disappointing!!! You call reception asking for something takes them an hour to get back to you, only good thing about it was it was close to my friends house but I will definetly not be staying there again! I suggest they renovate and clean the rooms... ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Probably the worst hotel I have stayed in, certainly in London.","Where to start! No kettle in room, aircon unit that dripped water on the floor from a height, radiator in shower room blasting out and unable to turn off, window wouldnt open, plug in sink didnt fit so water drained out, tv not working, very average breakfast. Shame as from outside and on photos it looks nice and is in a good location. Bed and sheets were fine and guy on duty called Praveen tried to be helpful. He brought a kettle eventually but the automatic cut off didnt work. All this when London was at 38 degrees. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",2 nights stay,"Without doubt the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. Filthy dirty, run down, arrogant staff. I cant even describe how bad it is jn the detail, just a compelte and utter dump hotel in a lovely location.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a Management Consultant ,"We booked our rooms at this hotel, based on our experience five years ago. At that time, the hotel was under different management, and we absolutely loved the hotel and had a great stay there. Without looking at the reviews, I mean the latest reviews, we blindly booked this hotel again five years later. We did this back in December. Upon reading the most recent reviews, we decided to rethink our reservation before we arrived in London. Unfortunately, Expedia and the hotel would not let us cancel. So we went into our stay with very low expectations, and set the bar very low.  So having said all of that, we were not disappointed completely with our stay, however there are some issues that are serious, That need to be addressed. This hotel would definitely benefit from a management…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Experience of My Life,"My teenage daughter and I were subjected to a horrific experience at the Colonnade in London. It is listed as a 4 star hotel but has some very negative reviews online, indicating otherwise. I still wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt. My mistake.  First of all, the hotel condition is as bad as the reviews say. But then the rest of the story unfolds...  On June 29, 2019, my daughter and I came back to our hotel after exploring London, ready to relax and clean up before a fun-filled evening.  We came to our closed and locked hotel room, with a ""DO NOT DISTURB"" sign on the door, and discovered a hotel employee maid in our room. I had put a ""Do Not Disturb"" sign on the door before we left, so we were extremely shocked and scared. We observed the employee going through our…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ruined our family wedding ,"We arrived at the hotel to stay the night having booked the venue for a family wedding reception the following day, having viewed the hotel a few weeks previously we were under the impression that the rooms were lovely, having been shown a room upon our previous visit when we booked. We had family visiting from all over the world, and had booked various rooms throughout the hotel including the “3 bed apartment suite” for the brides close family to stay in. In hindsight it appears the rooms we were shown must have been “show” rooms, as the ones we were presented to were nothing of the sort. The apartment was a disaster, the room had no furniture in the “living area” and the facilities mentioned on the website were beyond disappointing. After trying to shower with freezing cold…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Poor standard rooms and service,"The building and the location just close to the tube stop of little Venice are nice. The breakfast was also. All the rest is poor: standard rooms have nothing to do with what's shown on their website. Mine was below Street level, spotted with moisture and not provided with a coffee facility (despite coffee and tea bags were available on the desk). But what's worse is that the corridor from underground rooms to the stairs to the lobby has been obstructed by linen bags for two hours (see picture). When I left at 9 am I could hardly walk through! I am not used to give bad reviews but this time could not really stand!",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs L,An Absolutely Disgrace No idea how this hotel has 4 stars Booked this hotel for 2 night Based on hotel description which is totally FALSE advertising - how does Trip Advisor allow description? Service was appalling  Worst breakfast ever Worst evening meal ever Room : curtains filthy and hanging off window  Bed base full of stains  LOCATION was in beautiful setting and easy access to London,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful AVOID it,"Unfortunately this was an AWFUL hotel.   Not even close to being “fit for purpose”!! First room we were in :  Broken fridge with things growing in it.  Electric socket literally only half of it there.  Toilet moved so it was dangerous to use!  Tripped on the carpet getting into the room as it was not laid properly. Generally a dump that needs more than a lick of paint to make it habitable ! They said they would “close” the room given the state and general dangerous nature of it – but clearly they put someone in it as we saw the room being cleaned to following day.  Really ? Eventually it was the 4th room we ended up in, reluctantly ( one room they wouldn’t even show us as apparently the cleaner thought it was bad… ).   Apparently is was deluxe ……not sure where they got their…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights as we were going to Hyde Park to a couple of concerts. Location is superb. Lovely quiet area but plenty wee bars & restaurants within walking distance & a 24hour Tesco 10 mins walk away. There’s the canal a ten min walk away where you can get a canal boat taxi to Camden market or the zoo. £12 adults and £9 kids one way and takes about 45mins but is an enjoyable trip. We took the boat there and worked out cheaper getting taxi back to hotel. The hotel itself looks quite nice from the outside and in the front foyer. The rooms were a bit shabby but bed was very comfortable. We had B&B and brekkie was adequate, could of been better but was OK. We also had a 2 course meal included which is Persian food. The starters were lovely and main was either chicken or…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Unprofessional staff ,"Booked the room through Booking.com for one night, and as we arrived there we informed the front desk that we will extend for one night. They said alright, as they did have availability. Went to a conference early next morning and arrived in the evening, only to be told that i have been checked out and they removed my luggage. If I wanted to book another night, the price was different than for the first night, how is that even possible? The “night manager” said that the other colleague is a trainee and did not inform him of my extension request.  My room was in the basement, there was staff talking loudly in front of my room in the middle of the night, and the passage was obstructed by laundry bags, i could barely pass through. - see pics  Next morning, went for breakfast and…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Alan Turing would turn in his grave!,"I have stayed a few times at your hotel and have always been happy but I stayed for two nights this weekend(29th/30th June) and was far from happy. I did not complain because it was only for two nights but it was nearly £400 and I don't think I got my money's worth.I stayed in room 38. It's supposed to be a four star hotel and I was cooped up with the pigeons at the top of the hotel in a tiny room with a tiny shower with no tray,no kettle,no wardrobe and what I thought was not cleaned properly(I found a sock and toothbrush under the bed) and had no breakfast the first morning which meant I had to find somewhere else to eat at my expense. I would continue but I am too depressed to carry on wasting my life writing negative words that will just be ignored.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Bother,On arrival the receptionist was very cold and really couldn't be bothered telling us where we needed to go for the afternoon tea which we had booked.  Eventually we found the lounge/bar area and finally found a member of staff to book in with.  The chairs and floor were covered in crumbs and there was and area of slithers of broken glass.  Two of our party of three requested coffee instead of tea and we were informed there would be an extra charge for this.  I have had afternoon teas in 5* hotels and local cafes and never had this extra charge before.  The afternoon tea arrived and the sandwich fingers were made up of shop brought sliced bread which had the crust partly removed in areas. I have never had hummus in a sandwich before and it felt as if they were made up from…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The pits,"Do not stay here. How this is 4 star baffles me.. We stayed end off June for 2 nights. On arrival there were no towels, complained and was told it was due to an issue with the laundry company and towels would be provided as soon as possible. None came that night. Went down for breakfast only to be told breakfast was canceled due to a major gas leak in the kitchen. I had to ask for cereals to be brought to our room and then was asked return the tray to reception when finished. As for the room, any more than 2 nights would be too much... Although the bed was clean the room and bathroom were dirty and very tired. I've stayed in better workman's B&B's than this hotel, In fact I'd say it's the worst place I've ever stayed in. ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"Badly equipped junior staff, tired rooms (and not as advertised), no food then off eggs served (reported to FSA). No soap in the bathrooms.  This clearly was once a beautiful building and the communal areas are still pleasant. The room was not as advertised, despite having paid more (not refunded) for a separate shower we got a shower over the bath (which wasn’t very welcoming for bathing either). When we arrived the booking system was down with people being turned away and the receptionist was obviously ill equipped to deal with another complaint customer. There appeared to be no night manager attempting to solve either problem. Out room was not as described/booked - we wanted a separate shower and the manager seems to think that we should have been grateful for a bath as it…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"Having read reviews of the hotel I was a little worried about going. However, I feel the need to stick up for the old place. The hotel looks great from outside and in good location. Inside, it could do with a bit of an upgrade. However, the room was great and had everything and was big. Bed comfy, shower fine. We didn't eat here cos of prior arrangements so can't comment. However, all the staff were lovely and enjoyed the whole weekend",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in London.,"I had a terrible experience with your hotel on Saturday. I had planned our visit as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday.   We arrived as notified on Booking. Com before 3pm to check into our room.   Our plan was to check it and get ready to go to a music concert which started at 6pm. I attach a copy of our tickets.   We would have checked in at 3 as planned. left by 4pm,gone to Camden and got some food before quing to the event.   Image  We were asked to wait in the bar with a drink while our room became available. We were told someone was working on the room water pipe and nothing more.   I had advised in my booking instruction the purpose of my booking was a surprise for my boyfriend for his birthday and we were going to a concert.   We were also given a printout of our…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best staff ever,"We came away for my birthday and were truly taken away by how accommodating the staff at this hotel are. The staff take the hotel from a 5* to a 10* and really make the whole experience special. Ali the receptionist is amazing, kind, polite, considerate and helpful as well as being friendly, he is utterly amazing and a credit to the company. We cannot thank him enough for making our stay so special. As well as the new manager of the restaurant who accommodated for us being pescatarians although fish was not available on the menu, he made us cocktails and they were amazing! The food was delicious and we thank the staff so much for everything they have done!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointed to say the least, This is my first bad review of a hotel, as usually I can find something good to say","We stayed last weekend,  expecting a reasonable room for the amount we paid. The room was tired to say the least, wall paper coming off the wall, broken toilet dispenser and shower.  However what annoyed me most was having to ask 3 times for towels ( only one large one to share between us ) and no coffee sachets at all, on either day. The staff said they would sort it but in the end at 10:30pm I had to wait in the hall until they did... I will not be returning",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Sad & Very Disappointed to say I DO NOT recommend staying,"Where do I start?   Good points:  * location * Ali and 3 other staff - a young gentleman on reception & the two ladies at breakfast on Saturday morning.   Bad Points: * website is inaccurate regards quality & contents of the rooms * not clean * very shabby * quality of the breakfast (albeit bacon was apparently nice) * needs it's star rating degraded   I've wanted to stay here for many years after my boyfriend advised how lovely it was. He had stayed several times but albeit not for a few years. It's pricey.   Finally I got the chance and on Friday night, after a long day at work, I travelled down to London. I was so excited and on entering the lobby my expectations where met. It looked & smelt how I'd imagined. HOWEVER, it went down hill from there.....  Our room was in the…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Stay at your own risk.,"Our room was broken into (no sign of forced entry) within an hour of checking in. Thousands of dollars of items including a cpap machine, ipad, iPod, cameras, and all of our charging cables, and all of my wife's pants were stolen.   The Desk clerk said we should have used the safe (which cannot hold all of those items) and accused us of lying. He refused to call the manager on the weekend and gave us the wrong number for the police. He also said only a manager could view video footage, but when we finally reached the manager, he said there are no video cameras.   We couldn't stay in such an insecure room, so we found another hotel. The manager and owner refused any sort of refund.  The police were no help either as you fill out a form online and they closed our report with no…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disgrace,This visit was just shocking. I haven't experienced anything like this before. More like a 1 star. No way is this a 4 star hotel. We purchased the deal via groupon. Check in was supposed to be at 2. We turned up at 3pm to check in. When we arrived they couldn't find our booking. When they did eventually find our booking we was told our room wouldn't be ready for another 2 hours!!!!! So they told us to fo down and have dinner - bear in mind we had waited around for a whole hour waiting for them to find our reservation.  We went down to have dinner but continued to be question by the lady in restaurant that because we didn't have a room number we couldn't have dinner. After phone calls back and forth to reception they agreed to take our order. When our room was eventually ready we…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"I stayed at this hotel recently, its one of the worst Ive ever stayed in. My room wasnt cleaned for three days, there was cobwebs and dirt . I waitedf 0ne hour to try and find a room which I booked 2 months in advance each room we opened had people in them, the staff where inexpericed, but they tried to be helpful, the manager was going to find me a nice room this never happened.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Absolutely awful experience at this hotel. Firstly, the place was dirty, we had to move tables as it was covered in food.   They told us it's not champagne, its Prosecco, no apology and it tasted really low quality. Then the cakes came out and they were Mr Kipling (photo attached), literally still in their foil wrappers and just either egg mayo or plain cucumber finger sandwiches, one had a hair in it. My wife only got a half cup of tea as that's all they provided. After that we just gave up and wanted to leave.  They had no record of us booking despite it being booked months before. We ordered a drink as we had to wait 15 minutes to be served and when we went to pay for our drinks the waiter asked of we wanted our change!  Just avoid as so disappointing!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Just awful,Very poor service. WIFI very very week and after we complained they assure some action but nothing was done after two request. Room desperatley needs works. We found old cotton swab on the floor when we moved in. Only ggod thing was the position.,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad..............,"I read the previous TripAdvisor reviews and was really worried about our reservation turning out to be a bad experience. To be honest, there are quite some points for improvement. (rubbish bin un-emptied, used drinking glass in our room) but the room was nice. There was some confusion about our reservation included breakfast or not, but was soon cleared up. We were there for just one night, so can overlook these small issues, but wouldn't want to stay for more than a night or two, as the room (49) was quite small. The hotel is in a great location, and the lift is fantastic.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",C Bowen,"I would strongly recommend that you are not taken in by the misleading and frankly exaggerated descriptors of this hotel. It really is to be avoided on so many levels not least cleanliness, maintenance, general shabiness, unpleasant smells, outdated furniture, mould in shower, hairs in sink, see through toilet paper so cheap..,, I can’t begin to describe the experience. The staff did their best. The manager was rude.  AVOID",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel in a great location,"The Colonnade is not one of the swish new hotels, not a Premier Inn etc etc. It has its own identity and feeling. Comfortable cosy lounge with soft sink into sofas. Quirky rooms with varios themes. Our room was quiet, cosy and clean, Comfortable beds, bathroom was small but adequate. There is an amazing old lift to transport you upstairs too. The staff were wonderful, nothing too much trouble. A good selection at breakfast, everything you would expect from a London Hotel. The pastries and croissants were particularly tasty. It is within easy walking distance of Paddington Station and only a couple of minute from the Underground. Quite a few restaurants within 5/10 minute stroll by the canal and Little Venice.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in!,"I seriously do not know where to start..from checking in to leaving was a terrible experience! The owner greeted us and was not only rude to staff but to customers also! We have lost money as could not stay any longer. It was dirty, staff were friendly but had no idea about customer service.  We actually had someone walk in our room after a smoke detector went off, we were in bed at the time and they just walked in after the alarm had stopped. Faulty Towers would have enough material to make several shows from this hotel!  I cannot emphasis enough what a waste of money this place is!  Every time we walked through reception someone was there complaining, I felt sorry for the front desk, they dare not ask as people checked out how their stay was!!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A massive disappointment.,"I have stayed at the Colonnade over a period of years.  This was an unsettling experience.   I had pre-paid and was still asked to pay a deposit.  On the booking sheet it indicated 2 people were staying when clearly it was just me.  I was left to find the Captain's room which was tiny and had a bed up a ladder ( I am agile but I am a 62 yr old woman).  Two of the three main lights were not working.  So with just a picture light working below the bed, I was unable to read.  I did not seek help as I did not trust the staff.  I had prepaid for a meal which I could not eat.  I was then asked to pay for it again.  During the meal I witnessed the owner bullying the bar staff.  When I repaired to my room I saw him treat the reception staff in the same way.  I left foregoing my…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst stay of my life,Disgusting filthy but what is worst- they don’t care I felt physically sick breathing in that filth - should be shut down.  These are just some of the photos I have another 30 hotel did not respond to any emails nor did secret escapes !!!!,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Ever place in this world,"This hotel is situated in a very posh area, very old hotel and management o hotel tried to keep this in goof condition but not able to do so , Lift is very old and scary and doesn't go to top floor, so if you have heavy luggage then you have no option but to go on top floor by stairs. We landed there after a flight of 10 hrs and Mr Ali at dest was very kind to allow us check in before time , he shows us 2 -3 rooms ....I was not convinced but any how i choose one out of available, immediately it starts haunting me  Bathroom taps were not in a good condition, bed sheet was dirty and yoy can find dust flowing if u tab anywhere in room, Duvet cover was having hole by cigarette burn. This hotel was booked for me by Third party ( Make My Trip) i raise my concern and was asked to wait…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonade hotel,"Stayed this last weekend 15 th June booked through experience days. What an experience... grubby room, broken lights, no mini bar and robes as promised by experiencedays, dirty bed linen in hall, bed half made, restaurant food basic along with kitchen and staff as I inspected the kitchen before I would eat, food basic with a few dishes only , 45 minute wait to be served by 2 young men that obviously had no idea about waiting and just kept apologising breakfast ok but sausages, bacon , eggs , hash browns etc cold as kept in hot plate with NO HEAT. 1 star would be more than generous. Staff however we lovely and kept saying sorry .",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Room BURGLED whilst my parents were at breakfast,My parents stayed here in March 2019; I live locally so this is a convenient spot for my parents and parents-in-law to stay. I'd estimate a member of the extended family has stayed here at least seven times. Its never been great (shabby; pleasant-ish but incompetent service) but is in a great location and has never been so bad (i.e. unsafe etc.) to put us off using the hotel. That has now changed.   My parents stayed here for three nights in March 2019. On their last morning the room was burgled whilst they were at breakfast. Thankfully most valuables were in the safe but a wallet which had been left in a jacket pocket was stolen. The hotel manager on duty told my parents that two other rooms had been burgled as had a member of staff and that the culprits were new members of…,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great institution with Great potential. If only...,"I'd like to start off by saying that my stay at the Colonnade was good. The staff were always polite and helpful and I appreciate with such a great institution comes great challenges.  The building itself has been standing since 1865. It played host to JFK, Freud and other notary individuals. It was the birthplace of Alan Turing, the enigma codebreaker. The building has great history going back in the ages. From the old world elevator to the suit of armour in the lobby. The sense of history is in every nook and cranny.  Unfortunately, such grandeur has not been properly maintained. The sands of time have not been too kind. The carpets are dusty and due for a change. The room could use a new coat of paint. Fixtures in the room are slowly dwindling. Stained chairs and tables (see…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and friendly,"We stayed here for one night and want to give a shout out to staff member Ali who was awesome and welcoming when we arrived. Thanks Ali for sorting out a lovely room :) The hotel is nice, the rooms are quite big and it was nice to have the option of a bath!!  The only 'downside' (if you can call it that) is that the kitchen staff have no idea on how to make toast!! - they just heated up a piece of bread (we asked for it to be toasted a bit more)...5 mins later....warm bread! It made us laugh and endeared us more to the hotel :)  Lovely stay and the staff made it for us!!  ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Attention needed,"We booked this break from a virgin experience gift for bed breakfast and dinner. Our allocated room was in the basement depths and stunk of damp with peeling wallpaper-no opening windows. Upon complaining the receptionist agreed to change our room to a 3rd floor which was pleasant enough although very small. No bath, just a shower and to be honest if you were slightly overweight you’d have an issue getting into it. Tea and coffee provided but no milk and the iron didn’t work. Dinner was interesting. We waited and hour for the starter which were salads which came up with no dressing  or tomatoes as advertised and what should have been feta cheese was clearly a cream cheese. Another hours wait-eventually ate at 10.30! for main where my husband was dished up a completely different…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worse than Fawlty Towers,"The afternoon tea is a joke! Nothing can prepare you for how awful it is. Nothing is homemade, nothing is even edible. Sliced white bread with grated carrot on top? Tea made with tea bags. Mr. Kipling cakes?  Are you serious? Avoid. Gail's patisserie is far better.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",More like a 2* than a 4*,"No way is this a 4* hotel.   It's run down & in need of some TLC. Because everything is so old & tatty it doesn't feel very clean.   The rooms aren't well supplied, I.e. only 2 bath towels provided, no hand/ foot towel, no hairdryer.   The service is pretty poor. The girl on reception took a long time to find our booking, when she did she checked is into a room that hasn't been cleaned since the last guests checked out. No apology for the inconvenience from her or her colleague who had to come & help her sort it or, then it took another 10 mins or so to find us another room.   The breakfast was awful: barely anywhere to sit that wasn't covered in dirty dishes, no one offered a coffee, we had to ask several times, so much of the breakfast items had run out: cups, plates, glasses,…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute disgrace,"My daughter and I booked a groupon deal to stay here on Sunday 26th may 2019. This was for a special occasion as we had theatre tickets booked as well. We were supposed to get a deluxe twin but what we got was a dirty, shabby, tired looking double. Wallpaper was hanging off, the carpet was threadbare, moldy bathroom, wonky light fittings, all in all a disgusting room. It was not even a twin as requested but a double. When we complained, at first we were told there were no other rooms. But we could have 2 singles...... what on a weekend away together and these rooms were just as bad.... disgusting. They then proceeded to find another room when we said we were not staying there, which was even worst. They proceeded to take us down into the basement where the room was even worse,…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant staff, hotel rooms need updating (based on our room)","I was worried about our stay having read some recent reviews. I need not have worried. Staff - Excellent, from the initial reception, the late desk porter, breakfast and checking out, staff could not do enough for you - Thanks Location - next to Warwick Road tube in a very quiet area - really good Rooms - could not fault cleanliness, but our room was a little tired and would benefit from a refurb - but at the price we paid,  for London, good value for money. Breakfast - help yourself, but could have been warmer (as often is the case if guests don't replace covers!). Had mine blasted in the microwave to just lift the temperature - and that was fine. Staff did offer to cook fresh, which my wife accepted on the first morning. All in all a very pleasant stay, really don't know what…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A little tired,Booked a two night stay. Hotel is in an ideal location for access to London via bus or underground and little Venice.  Room was a small double with a balcony. Room was as stated but slightly tired and in need of a bit tlc.  The only negative was the room wasn’t cleaned until around 6pm. We expected as in other hotel rooms for it to be done in the morning. The hotel lift is old and a bit scary  I would go back as the staff are friendly and welcoming and as stated before ideal for access to London ,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Our experience wasn't as bad as everyone else has said but still...You should probably avoid this hotel,"Had to wait 3 hours to check in because of 'issues'. Room looked no where near as glamorous as advertised photo and in the room... iron didn't work, walls were thin so we could hear everything next door, the shower was a dribble, the maids didn't change our towels etc. I complained as I left the hotel and the receptionist smiled and laughed, said 'ok i'll make a note' but he did not make a note in front of me...  For £300 for two nights including breakfast, I feel bad to complain as after all, it's London and it's expensive! Our room was clean too and some of the 'faded glamour' decor was a nice novelty but... don't come expecting glamour or decadence like you might expect from their website.  Wish we'd gone to a Premier Inn...",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent quiet location yet so convenient to all tourist areas. Superb staff and amazing room (25).,"Having read previous negative reviews we were a little apprehensive about our 1 night stay. However, our welcome was great and first impressions were very good. Our room was superb with a 4 poster bed with a variety of teas/coffees and toiletries - could have done with bin liners in bins. Quirky lift! Only downside was the evening food - it was inedible but our waiter was so polite and apologetic. The variety of food on offer at breakfast was excellent but the food was luke warm - suggest they heat the plates or increase the power of the burners. If the restaurant food in this  hotel was improved, would give this hotel 5 stars. Don't be  put off from staying due to bad reviews - would defintiely stay again.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and Run Down,"This property is dirty, understaffed and run down. We stayed for 4 days here only because our room was not refundable and we could not afford to pay for a second room in London. On arrival our room was not ready and we had to wait 3 hours after their checkin time for it to be ready. There is a lift in the hotel but don't use it because it is extremely difficult to open the outer doors when you are inside and we needed to push the emergency button for assistance. The curtains and carpets are worn and have holes in places. The drapes had cobwebs hanging off them. The carpet is lifting off the floor in places. The bed was uncomfortable and sagged in the middle. The mattress was covered in stains. Our room was serviced poorly.  In 4 days our towels were not changed neither was our…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",No bed for the night!,"We arrived at The Colonnade on Tuesday evening after booking two months ago, for two nights and paying in advance, via Lastminute.com  The friendly chap on reception was most apologetic when he advised that due to a maintenance issue our room was not available. Instead he offered us a room in their adjoining building and promised to move us to a much better room for the second night of our stay.  We went along to view the room we were being offered to find it was at the top of a narrow twisting staircase and was only just able to fit a double bed in, literally you could not walk around the bed. Then we discovered we were expected to share a bathroom!  Needless to say we did not accept this room. Eventually we were told a room at their ‘sister’ hotel had been found for us.  We…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Irresponsible Staff, worst hotel ever","Overbooked the hotel, charged me in advance, kicked me to the different hotel, no explanation or apology or whatever from the skinny guy who was booking me out to Hydepark. please do not stay in this hotel, strongly recommended you to stay somewhere else.  No staffs at all in the hotel, you will be waited in for more than 20 minutes to see the staff to find out that you will not be accommodated originally where you booked and they will ruin all your plans and pleasant stay.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Manager will rip you off,They overbooked and made us go to another hotel saying they will refund for a night. 3 weeks and no refund or response to email. Finally through our agency we got some money back and even they had hard time getting through. I hope manager will loose his job as we were not the only guests who went through this.,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lots of problems,"Sadly to say this hotel needs lots of improvements, It is very run down & badly in need of refurbishment.  The beds have boards under them because the springs have gone.  Every day the poor staff have to listen to the same complaints over & over again. Claudia is the most amazing receptionist & runs around all day fixing guests problems.  The breakfast is ok but if you purchase the dinner option it’s very limited ( if you don’t like lamb don’t purchase as the menu is mostly lamb. Also dinner is inclusive of only one main meal & no drink.  Lamps in our room were not fixed even though we reported it to the male receptionist. We mentioned it to Claudia & it was fixed ASAP by Mark who is tremendous & does an amazing job, all day we saw him trying to maintain a building that actually…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights in April. On arrival we were given a room in the cellar which was dirty, cramped and had a door leading into an alley with an extractor fan from the kitchen blowing straight into the room. We asked to be moved to be told the hotel was full. We asked again and were moved to the top floor. This room was again dirty and smelt very strongly of smoke. Being pregnant I did not want to stay in this room and we were shown a third room which was unmade and looked as if someone was staying in the room and had not checked out.  After asking for a refund and being told we could not have one as we played in advance through the NHS blue light card we were told there was one more room we could try. This was a downgraded smaller room than paid for but was…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!,"On the plus side.... The Colonnade is convenient to Paddington being only about a 20 minutes walk away. Sadly that was the only positive! The staff seem unable or unwilling to offer a good service and we felt we were treated as an inconvenience. One example of this was our afternoon tea which we had booked well in advance before we arrived at the hotel. And inspite of confirming this when we first arrived and the morning after, when we arrived at the restaurant they had no record of our booking and again we felt like an inconvenience. When the afternoon tea came it was a big disappointment. The sandwiches were dry and the cakes very mediocre. Definitely our worst afternoon tea experience! What we were hoping would be a special occasion was anything but! Even though there were…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking service,We arrived to check in having booked & paid in advance with a travelzoo deal. We were told the floor our room was on had no power so we were being transferred by taxi to another hotel. We were transferred to the Royal National for one night & returned to the colonade on the Sunday. They only had a twin room & it was completely inferior to what we had booked at the colonade. We were asked to pay for the night in the Royal National & the colonade would refund us on Checkout. On checkout on Monday morning the lady on reception knew nothing about this & could not authorise our refund. She said it would have to go to the accountant & could take a month or more to process. Absolutely shocking service. Have phoned since & our call has not been returned. Very dated hotel. Will never…,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very dated and poor restaurant facility,"was just about to post this following a disappointing stay last weekend. Sorry but I felt compelled to let people know and was about to put this on trip advisor, then thought I should at least message you for your views first...   A poor stay in general if I’m honest. Avoid room 47 at all cost. When we arrived the receptionist told us there was a lift. It didn’t work. Apparently the cleaner told us that unless people close the old lift fours properly it won’t work... oh and it didn’t often! We therefore climbed the 4 floors with luggage. The weather was a scorcher and the air con didn’t work.. but also the windows don’t open properly! I was MELTING!! I had no choice but to complain as it really was hot in there The Receptionist came up and had a play with the remote, and said…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Faded glory.,"We returned to the Colonnade to celebrate 25 years since we met there. Most aspects of the hotel were recognizable and some of the quirky rooms and the terrifying lift remain unchanged. The biggest asset of the hotel are the staff. They were all friendly and attentive. Our room was on the fourth floor which meant having to use the stairs for the last floor as the lift only goes to floor three. This would be awkward for less agile guests. However, the height does give you a view over the London skyline and insulates you from any traffic noise. There is plenty of on-street parking for overnight parking but between 8.30 and 18.00 it is limited to four hours at a cost of £1.70 an hour. This is a nuisance if one is staying in London for longer. The hotel has only a couple of parking…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",They have taken my money,Having been missold parking on arrival and promised this would be refunded i have since been ignored and am still waiting for my money to be returned to me.   This has included unanswered emails and Facebook messages as well as many phone calls and promises from staff that management will call me.   Absolutely horrendous to be treated like this   Management will you respond to this?,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not for us and would not return or recommend ,"Calamity Colonnade... From our experience it’s badly organised, CS isn’t as important as it should be ... It’s like your staying in someones house but your a bit of a pain. Out of our 3 night stay 2 were a total laughable joke ( and yet ironically not funny at all!!) we wouldn’t stay here again which is a real shame as the location is fab and we loved little Venice ... This hotel needs a serious change up! The only reason I gave it 2 out of 5 instead of 1 out of 5 is because of the young lad in the bar as he is the best thing going for this place! I think his name is Mohammad...",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!,"My husband and I stayed here on April 10th 2019 with our son while visiting my brother who lives about a 2 minute walk away. I booked via email about a month prior explaining my brothers proximity to the hotel and requesting a “studio/junior suite. My booking for a “studio/junior suit” was confirmed on March 15th. I also notified them (twice) that we would be arriving very late around midnight. We duly arrived as stated just before midnight and were escorted to an annexe up 3 flights of very steep stairs.The room was unlocked, the door was wide open, the bed was unmade and had obviously been slept in and a tray of dirty tea cups was on the bedside table. Dirty towels littered the bathroom floor. The room looked nothing like the junior suite pictured on the hotel website! I told…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Went for afternoon tea with a virgin experience voucher costing £50.  This is this worst afternoon tea I have ever had! We had to ask for tea as the man serving us didn’t know a pot of tea came with it!!! He was lovely, very young and his 1st day on the job! The sandwiches were dreadful all different shapes and sizes! No finger sandwiches! The scones came with cream no jam. The cakes were from on Iceland selection box! Dreadful! Cannot believe virgin put this hotel on their list!  Never bother to visit unless you want to laugh at how bad it is! More like faulty towers!!",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,Great location fantastic room lovely food great evening meal and buffet breakfast fantastic value ......but what made it even better was the staff they couldnt do enough for you so friendly and welcoming special mention to Sakeen and the management who where so curtuious and made our stay a 5 star will definatley return again thanks again,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",How is this a 4 star hotel? Absolutely awful please do not stay here.,"The first room we got given was a tiny, dirty room in the basement, even though we paid to upgrade the room. There was a filthy towel left in the sink and an unlocked door leading to a alleyway. Upon complaining about the room the staff initially said there were no other rooms available. When asked again, they moved us to a top floor room which absolutely stank of smoke. Unfortunately we had to complain again, they seemed fed up of us and offered us another room, the staff member told us to go up and have a look at it. When we got up to the room, we overheard the cleaners in the last room we were offered mocking that we were dissatisfied with the room. We checked the room and it was still dirty from the last occupant, with rubbish in the room and no bed made. We went back to…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Goings on????,"We had stayed here around 2014 writing a review ""What a find"" Then,  It lived up to the smart boutique reputation. From this, our son and his wife gave us a two night stay as a present  However,from the recent reviews I was a little apprehensive of our forthcoming stay.  I had every right to be apprehensive. The room was dull and unkempt, the shower constantly dripped. We did have plenty of hot water but no heating to dry the towels. The room wasn't serviced whilst we were there at all and I had to ask for more milk, which came fresh in a jug. Everywhere had a feel of neglect, unfortunate as its in a lovely area. However the biggest shock was one of the  drawers in the room full of not one, two, or three but four BOXES of condoms and ladies lubricates. Wonder what room 21 was…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely traditional hotel would recommend,Had a lovely 1 night stay in this lovely traditional hotel. Room clean and breakfast very nice. Would recommend and staff very friendly and helpful. Lovely old building full of character. Was worried before our stay reading the mixed reviews - all I can say is if you want modern characterless room stick to a Travelodge!,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worst experience of my life,"This is the WORST HOTEL EVER. stated on booking I was a disabled lady and walk with a walking stick. On arrival they asked for £100 refundable deposit, although we had booked and paid in full for Half Board accommodation. Given room 44 on 4th floor with no lift to this floor. Requested a more suitable room, given room 8, steps in room to bed and bathroom! Explained again this was unsuitable for disabled person. Asked to wait. An hour later given a room on first floor. Top of first flight of steps! No lift available....however room was small but no steps in room. Disgusting cold room, no heater working, everything broken and far from clean! Went down for evening meal, to be informed we were only entitled to ONE course on the half board entitlement. Complained and duty manager…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from the Colonnade hotel,"I stayed at the Colonnade hotel for 1 night. I paid 140 GBP for a room that was less of 43 square feet / a m2 (+ an even smaller bathroom). This means, so that everyone understand, that if my suitcase was on the floor I could not access the bathroom or open the door of my room. I attaching pictures of the room. One I had to take from the corridor to have enough perspective....The ice on the cake was the absence of hot water in the morning......Before writing that review, I tried toi speak to the management who wasn't present (how convenient...) and I have sent three emails to the hotel without any answers (surprise, surprise...) ......",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking! Shared bathroom ,"I stayed in the Colonnade hotel in February. The reception looked nice but when I checked in they took me to another building saying that this one was fully booked (I was then excepting an upgrade like all hotels would) but was downgraded to a side building which clearly wasn’t meeting the standard you would expect from a 4 star hotel. I went to bed and in the middle of the night I was horrified to see that some people had entered my bathroom!! But actually it wasn’t a personal bathroom, it was a shared bathroom but I hadn’t been told about this and of course would never have booked a hotel with a shared bathroom. I complained the next day but no one was interested in knowing about my experience. My friend who lives nearby has been going there every single week and has talked to…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, great location","Lovely hotel, excellent location, very friendly staff. Clean and warm. Missing small touches, for example hairdryer was missing, no conditioner with shampoo and fridge had not been cleaned. Was a shame as had been upgraded for free to lovely suite. Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to other travellers.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"The hotel is tired, a pump noise kept waking us up through the night as people showered, the breakfast was lukewarm and awful. The makeshift plug outside room 42 was the source of the noise. It sounded like a road sweeper passing. We wouldn't like to re-experience this, so won't be booking again, despite being 10 doors away from our daughter's residence.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best holiday ever! ,"Stayed at this beautiful hotel for 5 nights and 6 days. Had a splendid time in London (needless to say). So let’s get talking about this beautiful boutique hotel. The minute you enter you get a warm welcome. The lobby is small and so is the reception. But it’s antique decor makes it delightful view for eyes.  The location of the hotel is perfect all the major attractions are quite nearby, warwick avenue station is just a minute and half walk away. The rooms gets better with the increasing categories. The classic double room is small, compact and cozy. Perfect for solo travellers and for couples on a short vacation. Not at all suitable for family as it’s a small room. I would recommend their deluxe rooms for couples and families. As I said before the room size gets better with…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre visit ruined by the lack of hospitality,"Booked this hotel a month before visit, when we arrived we were taken outside of hotel to an apartment. Not what we had booked. Freezing cold, no facilities. Manager will not communicate with me and does not address the issues, letting his staff take all the angry complaints from guests. We weren't the only ones.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst service I have ever received,On arrival they told me I didn't have a reservation booked because my details wasn't in the system despite having all my groupon confirmation emails I was told to wait for the assistant manager to check reservations a sign the receptionistist didn't deal with the reservations. After finding the reservation I was told there wasn't any room available in the car park. The main reason for booking this hotel was because they said they had availability in their carpark on the 12th march. I emailed them the weekend before to confirm this. The receptionist didn't believe me and asked me to resend the emails which proved the communication between me and her colleague.  After reading the emails the receptionist called Claudia said we do actually have space and it's £20 for the night and…,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't recommend staying longer than two days.,"We booked here for two nights prior to our final journey further north. The hotel itself is located not even a two minute walk from Warwick Avenue Underground which is perfect. The quaint cafes and pubs surrounding the establishment are also varied and suit the area.   The hotel itself is a lovely building however when you step inside you can feel its age and not in a ""timeless"" or ""classic"" sense.  The main foyer has a few broken pieces of furniture which to be fair we would never have noticed had our room not been ready at the requested check in time of the hotel. Understandably blocked loo's happen and we're glad it was fixed prior to our stay. When we also requested a late check out that was accommodated with a further apology for the late check in and was without a problem.…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Hotel,"Very beatiful hotel with brillant service, rooms are very big. Especially Ellena and other lady at the reception, they are very nice persons and being very helpful I Would recommend this hotel to every one",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,Short business trip to London and I found this hotel to be clean and comfortable with professional and attentive staff who looked after me and my client very well during a short business meeting. Will use this hotel again in the future.,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant value,"Found this hotel on Groupon and for the money we paid, it was brilliant value - not only bed and breakfast but an afternoon tea included in the price.  The décor may be a little tired but did not detract from the overall experience.  A very short walk from Warwick Avenue tube station so amazing access with minimal walking. Lastly the staff in this hotel couldn't be any more helpful - great experience and would definitely use again.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Poor ,"Extremely tired hotel - wallpaper peeling off the walls in the bedroom, extremely uncomfortable bed and very noisy.  Not convinced on cleanliness levels either despite finding random cleaner products in the room on arrival.  Essentially nothing going for it - avoid !!",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"From check in to check out a very professional experience, stayed for a short business trip to the city - being an engineer i was particularly impressed with the ""historic"" lift - stunning. Room was good, breakfast also impressive! Good to see a hotel with original English character!",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Will Recomend,"Stayed Feb 19, booking process, check in/out, very efficient and professional, originally booked a club double and was upgraded to one of the suites 😊,  - very nice and completely in character with the building - staff extremely attentive and helpful   - will definitely be back, all in all a very pleasant experience.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel but lacked in other areas,"My boyfriend and I stayed mid week for one night at this hotel and although the hotel was very pretty, there is room for improvement.   Firstly, we had booked a parking space in advance which we were told was £20 for the night. On arrival we found that the ‘parking’ was down a tight back alley where the bins were kept and parking just enough to squeeze three cars in one behind the other. The spaces however had all been taken meaning we had to park on the road and pay by the hour (but this actually worked out cheaper) but still first impressions weren’t great as the reception staff said she didn’t expect the spaces to be taken and we did say that we had made a reservation for a space. We also asked how the parking worked as if you are the first car in you would be blocked in by…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed! Thanks to Alice,"Please do not stay here, it's disgusting and I really do not know what to start with. Everything of the poor quality, the rooms are very old, the hotel gives you a feeling of sadness, besides the fact that the hotel is a disaster we also found a mouse in the room. I should stay for a whole day to write everything I've seen in this hotel, which I can call the garbage can. When we arrived at the reception the Italian girl ( I do not remember her name, but  I heard she was speaking Italian) who made us the check-in she was in another world, everything was out of control, she talked a lot and without any resolution, she did not know anything or even understand our problems ... but, anyway, she was not even stressed to help us, in the end bored of us she said  that her colleague…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A bit of a let-down!,"Lovely reception area, but a bit like Fawlty Towers. Receptionist, English was not her first language and this was apparent in her trying to understand what the guests were telling/asking her. It was obvious she was out of her depth in trying to deal with various issues at the same time. There were several guests waiting to check-in I included. It took over half an hour before we were eventually checked in. Bar staff did not know how to make a Irish coffee. The food was mediocre. Breakfast was fine, coffee best avoided.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",London City Break,"Just returned from a 3-night stay at the Colonade. We looked at a few reviews before we stayed and were a little concerned at some of the negativity, however we were pleasantly surprised.  The hotel is well situated, just a short walk to the tube and the canals of little Venice.  All staff were very helpful and friendly, especially Claudia, who was a ray of sunshine and couldn't do enough to help us.  Breakfast was excellent, (we had a continental as part of our deal but it was only £5 extra per person for a full English).  Our only negative was the lumpy mattress (we were in room 44), although we have been assured that new mattresses are being ordered.  We would certainly think of staying here again on our next London visit. Linda & Stuart.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing find,"Arrived early before check in .no problem .Staff very helpful .fabulous room ,clean and tidy .Breakfast was superb and hotel was spotless.Ignore negative reviews .Claudia and rest of staff were fantastic.Well done.stayed on the 19.02.2019..Will stay again John stradling",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse droppings on our bathroom towel,"We stayed at The Colonnade on Saturday 9 February as we were in London celebrating my birthday, which was on that day.  Unfortunately due to traffic, we didn't check-in until 4.15pm and literally took our bags to our room (33) and went straight out to meet other family members.   It wasn't until our return to the hotel later that evening that we discovered a hand towel next to the sink which was badly soiled and had mouse droppings on it!!!  In all our years of travelling around the world and staying in numerous hotels we have never come across anything so disgusting - vermin are a health hazard.   I immediately contacted the receptionist in the morning and asked if she could send the manager to our room to see the towel.  We were told there wasn't a manager around so the…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Simply fantastic!,"We were greeted by a friendly staff member, when I told her it was a wedding gift she upgraded us to a suite! It was simply amazing!! The room was stunning, and beautifully clean, we had a little balcony, and the bed was super comfy! Breakfast was delicious and all of the staff were polite and helpful.. I would love to stay again and again!!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely atmosphere,"Amazing hotel with lovely staff, came for a city break and I'm glad I have chosen the colonnade for my 2 days of London trip. I've stayed in room 6, the garden suite on the first floor which is large and comfy.also they have good deals for the food and drinks in the Persian restaurant which is part of the hotel. Definitely will come again",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Appalling, don't stay here","When we booked this hotel we were accidentally charged twice for the room. Hopefully this doesn't happen to many travellers, but I'm talking about it in this review is because the way the hotel has dealt with it has been awful, and the customer service I've received has left me angry and frustrated. If you book here, bear in mind that if something goes wrong you'll really struggle to get it resolved.  When I discovered that I'd been charged twice, I notified the hotel and was told that a refund would be organised. Two weeks later I'd heard nothing so I rang them and was asked to put the details in an email. After a week there was no response to my email, so I rang again and was asked to forward the email to somebody else. Still no response. In all over the course of 5 weeks I…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Looks good from the outside but very poor inside and rude staff,"Hotel room was tiny, dirty and run down. The bathroom was damp/soaked as it wasn’t possible to turn the shower off completely. The staffs approach to this was to lift the shower head down and allow it to trickle all day and night. Bathroom was also freezing as it wasn’t possible to turn on the very retro rusty towel rail. The lift appeared like a death trap. Staff kindly asked if I needed to wait for my husband in order to leave credit card details - very rude considering it had been booked and paid for by me.   Definitely not deserving of its 4 stars!",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful old historic Hotel in great location,"First we have to give Thanks to Elena,(dining room) Alegra and Sakeen.(front staff)  They made our stay great. We were upgraded to the Turing Suite! Loved the old Lift, as well as all of the other decor. Will stay again on any return trips to London. Highly recommend!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely location very poor hotel,"Stayed last night in this hotel that is situated in a lovely part of the city.  On entering my room I found that there was not a bath plug and bathroom was dirty. I rang down to reception to ask for a bath plug to be rudely informed that the receptionist was the only person working and I would have to wait till the morning, I explained the water was extremely hot preventing me from showering and the receptionist was not interested. Whilst sat in reception waiting for a colleague another customer was complaining and received the same rude communication as I did, not recommend and staff need customer service training",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic stay,On arrival we were upgraded to a suite. The gentleman at the desk could not have been more gracious. The room was lovely with floor to ceiling curved glass windows/doors onto a balcony overlooking a residential area in Little Venice. The tube is close and there is an excellent French restaurant around the corner.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend,Arrived at the hotel at 12pm - check in not until 2pm so left our bags and were told to come back at 2 (fair enough). Arrived back at 2.15 to be told that our room was still not ready - come back in 20 minutes. We were shown to the bar but not offered any complimentary drinks while we waited. Went back in 20 mins as requested - still not ready. We waited again and were shown to our room at almost 3pm. Our room was at the top of the building - nice enough but freezing cold. One heater in the corner of the room that did not seem to work. Attempted to have a shower - water either ice cold or scalding hot so gave up. No information anywhere in the room about breakfast times or WiFi passcode - had to go down to ask. Clock in the room showed completely the wrong time - easy enough to…,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","My "" personal "" hotel","We stayed there last year and were absolutely thrilled abaout the cat  in thee hotel it did a great PR Job.. the rooms are spacious with a huge bed but the bath was just too small, especially compared to the size of the bedroom Breakfast was great with lots of choice, although I always take a full English when abroad. Reception was made by Nora and Bita and they also saw to our every desires.Restaurant was typicallty the persian style with  a 20 % discount the hotel is located in Little Venice with lovely canals from where you can travel all the waterways in Britain.( Alain Turing was born in this house ) Many restaurants surround the place a subway is wihin 5 minutes walk. Our room was at a special rate and I am looking forward to going back  ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"My husband visitedThe Colonnade on 18th November,  reserved a deluxe room with Breakfast, Dinner & a glass of wine. We were shown to a basement room with corridors smelling badly of damp. There was no main light only lamps so not very light for getting ready or unpacking. The view was of a wall and various metal extractors, but we were still feeling quite positive in our choice of hotel despite all this.  At 7pm we noticed there was no plug for the bath and having walked round London for most of the day we were looking forward to a nice soak before dinner. I requested at reception with Elena that somebody please bring us a plug even if it was brought from another room, 25 minutes later still no plug I returned to Elena to tell her and explain we were hoping to eat at 8pm having…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting room, disgusting service.","The say we were disappointed is an understatement. This is by far the worst hotel I have ever paid to stay in.  Staff were unhelpful. We booked a double room for two nights - upon arrival, we were given the key to our room which was in the basement. The room was in no way comparable to the photos on the website. The room was depressing. Wallpaper was peeling off the walls, mould in the ceiling, room was not clean, the shower was broken, glass door looked straight out onto a concrete wall and there was no window to even open.  We very politely explained to staff that we were unhappy and that this was not what we booked. Staff were dismissive, and refused to do anything other than tell us we could pay to move rooms. We asked to speak to the manager, but staff said the manager was…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in a great location,Nice hotel in a great location. The room was nice and large with a comfy bed. Breakfast was good but not great. Hotel was a little tired in places but it was great value for money that I booked through their website. Will definitely stay again as parking was free at the weekend outside the hotel and tube station was a very short walk away.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Visiting family,The hotel is located in a quiet residentinal   Area just opposite The Warwick Avenue tube station! Beautiful neighborhood just a few minutes Walk from little Venice canals. If you are looking for a quiet place to stay just a few stops from Oxford Circus Then this is The right hotel.  The Rooms are not very big but comfortable; The bed is quite acceptable too.  Breakfast is served in the Underground Floor which is bright and comfortable( glass roof);The food is standard so After staying for 8 days it became boring( always The same things) . All considerd I recommend this hotel to people  Who prefer a quiet atmosphere and  Are willing to adapt.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book here,Booked via Secret Escapes and have made a complaint to them as well as to the hotel itself.  The lift was out of order and we were offered no help to a pokey room on the top floor.  It was swelteringly hot - we wondered why all the windows were open even in late November.  We asked to change room because the first bed was so uncomfortable.  Cleanliness was not good and the décor needed refreshing.  The last straw was when we saw a mouse in the 2nd bedroom we were allocated.  Could not have stayed another moment - so we asked for a record to be made of our complaints and left to stay elsewhere.,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"I wont waste too much energy here, but just to advise do not stay here. Its old, dirty and empty. There are soooo many other places that will have you enjoying your stay in London. The price doesn't match the experience.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A big disappointment,"I recently stayed at London's Collonade Hotel Dec 22 througj Dec.30 2018.The hotel is in a fabulous location but it has continued to decline in every way.   1.  The room was NEVER cleaned.  Housekeeping only changed the towels.     2.  The glasses and coffee spoons were NEVER changed out for clean dishes/utensils.   3.  I pre--paid via a discount offered in the fall.  The room included breakfast.  However, when I attempted to have breakfast the first morning, I was told it was not included.  The dining room manager had to call reception to haggle regarding whether or not I paid for breakfast.  Was this a bait and switch?   4.  Even after speaking to the manager on duty, nothing changed regarding the cleanliness of the room.  I was astounded at the lack of care and customer…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"I organized my sons 50th birthday, told the person who I booked with that it was a special occasion, booked 5 rooms for 12 people and paid in advance, selected the rooms when we arrived we did not get the rooms booked, the family of 4 was sent to an apartment which had no heating nor hot water the next day they were given a room with only 3 beds the father had to sleep in a bunk bed which does not comply with UK health rules in the end he slept on the floor on a mattress. The family with 3 beds was put in a normal standard room with a camp bed attached to the French size bed, my son gave them his room which was bigger, the other couple who were supposed to get a superior room cause it was his birthday got a small room with a tiny bathroom that you hit your head on the wall, and…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Rats,"This used to be a good hotel. It is now terrible. There are rodents (rats or mice or both) in the hotel and no one seems to care, Also black mould on walls underneath peeling wallpaper. Sink got blocked and it stunk they had no one to fix. Manger is never there. I have now been waiting a month for a refund as checked out early as couldn't stand it. Worst hotel experience ever.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,"Hotel is very tired and the pictures are very deceiving. Our room was located next to the lifts, it’s a very old lift with a sliding shutter that slams!! This kept us awake all night with people coming and going. The room itself was very small , old mattress which sunk in  the middle, black mould on the windows, 2 x lights didn’t work/ coming out of the sockets, wallpaper coming off the wall in corners, tiles cracked in the bathroom floor,  mould in the  shower, hair in the shower and resulting in a blocked drain so overflowed when having a  shower , the list goes on…We stayed for 3 nights, on the next day I highlighted the problems, the first thing the receptionist said was  ‘we do not give refunds’ no apologies.  She called the manager who upgraded us.  To be honest the room…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers in Maida Vale,"We booked this hotel for my elderly father as he was travelling to London for my son‘s 15th birthday. It was terrible from start to finish, with problems arising from the moment he arrived. Upon checking into the hotel, he was shown to his room, which was extremely small and claustrophobic. The window was covered in pigeon poop and could not be opened. There was no chest of drawers or any other shelves for clothes, and only two hangers. When we rang the reception to ask for more hangers, they said that there were no extra hangers left, claiming that someone else had just taken them. Another thing wrong with the room was a broken toilet seat, which is not what you would expect from a 4 star hotel. The next day, my dad fiddled around with the shower in order to get warm water,…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice quite hotel in easy reach of attractions.,"Hotel was really well presented and we were greeted by two welcoming members of staff. The hotel was ideally situated in a lovely part of London but in easy access of everything.  We woke in the morning and had a lovely buffet breakfast and again were pleased by the attentive staff on that morning. As for facilities we used the bar which was relaxing and stocked a selection of spirts, wine and bottled beers.  Upon our arrival we were up graded to a deluxe room which had a 4 poster bed and a balcony and that was a lovely touch as it was my wife’s 40th birthday.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",WARNING- RATS IN THE HOTEL - DON'T GO! CANCEL YOUR TRIP ASAP!,"I saw a rat at the hotel while checking in and immediately cancelled my room! This hotel is in poor condition and has serious hygiene issues. I asked for a refund that I am still waiting for and management has been lying to me for weeks about refunding me. They do not care about customers and hygiene, and should not be allowed to operate a hotel.  I see on tripadvisor that several people had a similar experience and reported mouses and rats. Pls share this review and do NOT book at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",West London Trip,"Boutique style hotel in Maida Vale. Well situated for easy access to Central London and a 2 minute walk from Warwick Avenue tube station. Very friendly, pleasant and polite staff and spent a couple of nights there. Had one of the suites and room was very spacious and well laid out. My only comment would be that with a small outlay to put in a new kettle and fridge / mini bar and I would have given 5 stars! Also next door to a nice pub the Prince Albert which serves good food and nice decor. All in all though a very pleasant trip and would recommend to others wanting to be in easy reach of the city without the mayhem of central London.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse - on the bed,"The hotel could be charming - but is incredibly run down. Everything is worn, peeling, cracked.  It doesn't seem to be dirty - but it's definitely not 4 stars. I got back at 2.30 on the first day and my room hadn't been cleaned - I'd been out since 7am. They seem to have a very odd attitude to service - the first evening the barmaid got asked togo and clean and change a room becasue it hadn't been done during the day.  The reception staff dont seem to do too much. I upgraded my room (a fairly rude process in itself)  and while watching TV a mouse climbed on the bed next to me. Which was frankly the final straw.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Okay accommodation ,"The room was very small-tight to move around.  The decor was very worn looking.  The toilet didn’t flush well-takes about 4-5 attempts before a good flush.  The receptionist was rude when we checked in-December 6 around noontime.  We flew overnight from Canada and were exhausted.  We would have appreciated an effort to try to check us in early even though we understood that check in was 2pm.  We told us “she was doing us a favour by storing our bags but the room cannot be available any earlier (she didn’t even check).    While we sat in the lobby waiting for our room, we heard her same rude attitude on the phone with other guest requesting an earlier room availability.    The next shift receptionist and the one the next morning upon our check out were both very pleasant so it…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, dark and depressing","The ‘delux’ double was on the top floor, via a narrow corridor, with little light and space. The room was dirty - a used glass and half-drank bottle left on the table. Dirt was caked into the aging carpet. Black hairs were left in the bath. The curtains didn’t close properly as one had come off the rails. The window due didn’t close fully, leaving the room drafty on a cold December night. The shower head fell off as I tried to use it. This hotel is like Fawlty Towers, except it’s not that funny if you are spending quite a lot of money on a ‘four star’ hotel.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lots of potential but lacking in delivery,"This place is a fantastic London building in a great location near a tube and in the beautiful Warwick Avenue area. The hotel itself claims it carries a four star status but fails to deliver on that based on many other four star stays. It’s got a lot of potential with lovely big rooms but the place is just a bit shabby. Our room needed a clean, old furniture (very much in the style of the building) had stains, the shower was really poor and the mattress very soft, could feel the springs and generally uncomfortable. The breakfast was nice but more premier inn standard than a four star standard. If you like an experience of an old school London home then maybe you’ll like it but for us, it just didn’t justify the price tag it carries. ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled Booking,"On the basis of the TA reviews we decided to cancel our booking so cannot comment on the hotel. However, despite  having a 30 minute cancellation window shown in red on the booking confirmation with booking agent Agoda we were unable to get a refund of our money as they claimed no such option exists.  On contacting the hotel they were not prepared to refund, even though the cancellation was two weeks from the date of the stay and referred us back to Agoda.  Beware of Advanced bookings!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best family hotel,"Checked in this beautiful and cozy hotel with my 2 children and husband for few days get away , receptionist were very welcoming ,Beautiful room, location is amazing , we also tried the Persian food at the restaurant food was delicious , over all 5 star ⭐️ to this hotel I recommend this hotel to everyone",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and Awful,"Stayed here for one night and it was absolutely awful. The room was dirty, drab and dated. I’ve attached pictures to prove the state of our room upon arrival. Dirt stains, mould, ripped towels and a blood stain on the wall are just some of the disgusting things that I actually had to pay an upgrade for due to there being no rooms available for my original booking. The two girls on the reception desk were rude, unhelpful and unwelcoming. I would strongly advise to stay well away even if there is a discounted offer to stay here.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"Short version: Ridiculous service! Book elsewhere!   Long version: Booked the room via booking.com. Confirmed a late arrival (0500hrs) would be ok by calling the hotel. Arrived at 0430hrs after a long drive to find the hotel had no free rooms. I explained I had booked in advance, to which I was told that all the rooms had occupants (despite someone checking out as we were booking in). I asked how that could be when I have a booking confirmation and I was basically silenced while he got on the phone. A 5minute ohonecall which I didn’t understand as it was not in English, I was told they’re putting me in the Cranley hotel 15minutes drive away and that they would pay for my taxi. I explained I had my own vehicle and had booked here specifically for the parking they had advertised…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade review,"The colonnade was once a great hotel when it was part of the Eton group. It had the homey touch and all the special services you get at 5 star hotels. Fresh  400 count frette sheets, Molton brown toiletries, turn down service with chocolates and flowers, mini bar goodies, a crisp robe and slippers, stationery,fresh towels and on and on. It's sad to see the decay in the hotel since it was bought over. Nothing ever works in this hotel. They never change sheets, they don't Hoover the rooms, radiators don't work, wallpaper peeling off, broken chairs, curtains and canopies falling off, dirty bath tubs and running low on staff ,though those around are still friendly.   I have been staying here because it was home away from home for the last 13years. sadly I won't be staying at the…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A one night stay ,"Hi all me and my wife were here for one night as we had planned a visit to the O2.  Our room was cold, not cleaned, the quilt did not fit the bed. We did ask at the reception for on one but did not get one. We were on the fourth floor and the lift was not working, I have a bad break and ask for a room on the ground floor, but the attendant just replied saying just have a hot bath. Breakfast was average, for the cost there are plenty of alternative places to go that are far better, a waste of our money as far as I’m concerned.   ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What could be a nice Hotel made dreadful!!!!,"Dreadful !What a tragic farce! A, once Lovely building, that COULD BE wonderful, except that it is Faulty Towers with none of the laughs.  We booked a 3 night stay through Secret Escapes and were really looking forward to staying in a part of London we have not been to for many years. We should have guessed what lay ahead!   It took 5 unanswered emails and any number of  non returned phone calls before we could confirm our booking and reserve parking (which is actually a one car spot amongst the rubbish bins down an alleyway at the back).   Sadly the staff are the worst we have encountered anywhere in the World…. they are so busy on their own iPods and phones that to get any response at all one has to blow a trumpet.(An example of there attentively caring attitude; we asked for…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A traumatic night at the LONDON  Colonnade,"Dear Colonnade Hotel management    We flew back home on Sunday (4/11) after having spent the previous 2 nights at your hotel. The first of which you put us up in an adjacent building where we had to climb up to the 2nd floor on very uncomfortable (at any age) stairs as there is no lift there.   Once we settled down I undressed to take a shower and found the water freezing cold as, indeed, was the room temperature!    Needles to mention to you there is no phone in the room enabling to call you and ask for your interference/help.   So I had to get dressed, go down on those all but dangerous stairs at my age (b. 1935) back to your reception desk, where a gentleman agreed to come to our building and fiddle around assuring us we now had hot water and central heating.   The hot water…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Try somewhere else!,"My husband and I stayed for one night and it was an echo of the previous reviews. The room we had was on the fourth floor- in the attic it felt like.   There was a damp patch or stain on the wall, and a blob of old chewing gum on the  side of the dresser (room 47)! If that is 4* I must be getting picky in my old age.   The worst thing was the lack of attention by the staff. We found that our bed had been two singles pushed together. So a 6’ bed. It still had a double quilt on it, though the cover was king size, so was 1’ too big. I mentioned it to reception as we went out at about 3 but it had not been changed when we got back at 12! Awful!  Don’t stay",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",They owe us £350 and never paid back!,"We had booked and prepaid for 3 nights, When we arrived on Saturday around 5.30pm they said they had “electricity issue”... reading some other reviews is an excuse they often use when they overbook. They offer to relocate you to a 3 star hotel. Given we had paid £350 for the Saturday night we obviously didn’t agree to that. We have rebooked our own accommodation for the 1st night. We then came back to the hotel for the other 2 nights. Hotel itself is average, but location is convenient. I went back 5 times physically and wrote 5 emails but never had a response. I fear I will never see my money back, This is pure theft! Do not stay there.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very enjoyable stay.,"Myself and my daughter booked a 1 night stay  as an early birthday celebration for me. We were very concerned after reading the reviews, so we both emailed ahead to state our concerns, and we're assured all would be as per our booking. On arrival we loved the look of the hotel and public rooms were beautiful. We checked in early,room was just being finished so we decided to have lunch in the restaurant.the waiter was very attentive and the food delicious. We were informed in person that our room was ready. Bags had been delivered and the room was so lovely. We had the Mimosa suite. one keycard didn't work,but not a problem as we only needed the one. They had made up the bed as a double, we wanted twin (which we had stated in the email ) however,  we brought this to the attention…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not good at all,"Let’s start with the positives: yes, the location just of Warwick Avenue is hard to beat and yes, the interior is a lovingly different from the usual chain hotel. But this is about it. The rooms are really small, even for Central London, breakfast is nothing to write home about and staff is not reacting at all to complaints (in our case the key card not working several times). The sap windows did not open properly, so the room gets incredibly damp if two people have had their morning showers. There was a fault with the A/C which meant it frequently switched into cooling mode on one of the coldest days of the year – not very pleasant and the staff were unable to fix it. A complaint on check out was met with a large shrug, but not even an apology. As said, the key cards had to be…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Hotel,We were offered a lovely spacious room with lots of seating. There were lots of amenities available and the staff were very friendly and always ready to help.  Clean rooms and hallways. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location that's all I can offer.,"We were given a basement room that was in need of TLC. . The bed was shockingly uncomfortable , mattress was poor and was a small double not suitable for 2 adults, long over due to be  replaced. The door to the bathroom did not close as it was 3/4 of inch too wide. The shower cubicle was tiny and difficult too move in and constantly dripped. A lot of mouldy mastic in use in the bathroom also window cracked and needs replacing Wallpaper peeling off in the bedroom and carpet threadbare . Lift out of order Just don't understand how this hotel has a 4 star rating as I feel the room I was given struggles to get a 2 star rating.",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","I do not give this hotel any stars!! If you are thinking of staying here, don't do it!!!","I was bitten by bugs sleeping here, the duvet was spilling feathers all over the bed. I was grossly overcharged, multiple times, for 2 drinks in the bar and despite numerous phone calls and emails, I never received a refund! Their accounts manager appears to be on permanent holiday! Never again, a totally horrible experience.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Health and Safety check would shut this place down,"apart from the small rooms and lift not working, the room was not cleaned, the towels were dirty, hairdryer not working. Asking several times a day to clean the room did not lead to any change. no manger on duty. This place does not deserve to be listed. Heath and safety need to look in to this",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!,The staff are SO rude!  There is no manager on the weekends! No hot water for shower! And when we got our room walked in there to find someone else was already in this room! Then had to wait 2 hours them them to get another room which was ment to be a upgrade and ended up with some small little box room! It’s not often we come to London and this hotel has ruined our whole trip!   Trying to get our money back but got to wait till Monday to speak to the manager   Worse hotel I have ever stayed in! PLEASE DO NOT STAY!,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An old hotel adrift...,"first the good news: great location, charming quirky building. Now the not-so-good: this hotel is one of the worst/least managed places we’ve ever visited; in fact, in our three night stay we never even glimpsed a manager of any sort, just a disorganized rabble of staff passing the buck to one another. And it shows in a sagging infrastructure: key card system and elevator on the blink, room safe and reading lights unusable and unrepaired despite daily requests for maintenance, no porter available for fourth floor room check-in or check-out... We booked here for the location, BIG MISTAKE, will not be back",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Dangerous, BAD!!  Night CREATURES!!!!","This hotel was publicised as being 'minutes' from Oxford Street!! In reality it is 7 underground stations and many minutes' walk away - £12-£15 in an Uber cab to Covent Garden. Not such a problem as the bed, mattress and 'creatures' in the night which led to me and my daughter having the worst night's sleep EVER! The mattress was so soft (old), we rolled into each other. It was so hot (mid Nov), and the air conditioning unit kept coming on. The decor, furnishings, and carpets might have been good about 10 years ago but now they need replacing badly. The worst part of it all was that in the middle of the night I was woken by something I heard 'scratching' near to my head. I leapt up and put the light on. Scratching stopped and we couldn't see anything. Laid down again and it…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay,"Me and my wife Jimena stayed here for 3 nights!! First of all we had a fantastic holiday together. The hotel is amazing and we had a beautiful room on the second floor. The receptionist Alice is such a wonderful girl, I was feeling that she's working with love, she was very dedicated for her job, because we had a warm welcoming from her and bceuase si paid attention to details, it was my wife birthday, so next day Alice prepared a little surprise for my wife in our room , a cute birthday card and a plate with assortated mini cakes. My wife really was very happy ... Thanks to Alice and the chef for the cakes, were delicious !!! We must specify that all staff are very nice and kind ... We will return in Colonnade next year, for sure!!! Greetings from Spain !!! :flag-ea:",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, poor bathrooms","Liked the style of this hotel very much. Rooms are nicely decorated, very english.   Unfortunately, the bathrooms are very english too. They need to be updated - toilet is not wall mounted, there’s no toilet brush, you’re showering in the bath tub.  Staff is friendly, but don’t seem to be very organized. We had three rooms booked under one booking number. This was very difficult to grasp, and they had to get a manager to sort it out.  But all in all, a nice stay.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Place Lovely People,"We walked into a wonderful, clean and welcoming hotel, A very nice and beautiful lady Alice was waiting for us, she helped us with a map for our trip also cared for our luggage. When we returned to the hotel, i found them in the room and Alice explained everything  what we should know abot the hotel, she explained us also about the history of the hotel which is absolutely fantastic. Everything in the room was amazing, we were very pleased with what we found.The food is very tasty, everyone is friendly and tries to help you, it would also do anything to see you happy what matters a lot, I only stayed for a night but I would turn back all the time with great love.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Big meals, bigger rooms. ",I stayed here with work for 2 nights. The food was great with very genorous portions. The room was very spacious and comfortable. (I was booked in the Turing suite.) The staff were also very helpful. Highly recommend the baked cheesecake! ,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, great location","I stayed here for two nights and was very pleased with everything. The staff were very friendly and accommodating and the rooms very comfortable. I recommend the restaurant on site, the food was great and service prompt. Special thankyou to Chirag for making my stay pleasent. If you are looking for a quiet place to stay away from the hustle and bustle I Definitely recommend this place",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,Had a great stay here.... nothing was too much effort for the staff!  Rooms very spacious and had everything we needed.   Chirag and Melroy looked after us when we arrived and when we dined.   Would highly recommend wether it be a business or pleasure visit.   :),Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Miss Alexandra Collins,"Stayed at the Colonnade Hotel, the room was Amazing (The JFK Suit). On arrival was greeted by the lovely receptionist Elenor, she was very welcoming and lovely. Whilst staying at the hotel I went to their restaurant (Banu Restaurant) and was made to feel like royalty by the waiter I had never tried persian food before but I can honestly say that it was Amazing and the size of their plates are enormous. The hotel and the restaurant made my stay very enjoyable and I would definitely recommend them to my close friends and family if ever they was to visit, it's clean and family friendly and has some amazing staff they couldn't of been more helpful and lovely..",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Impressive building but really needs some work,"So after reading the reviews I was terrified about our stay but I seemed to have worried prematurely.  The building and the room were super impressive. Very historical and quite grand on first appearance but upon closer inspection you can see the peeling wallpaper and the threadbare carpets. It is a shame because the room was lovely but in dire need of some attention. We stayed in room 17 and we were kindly upgraded when we arrived. The staff were nice enough but we weren't told about breakfast or check out times when we checked in but I asked and they were more than happy to help. Breakfast was nice, a hot and cold buffet where you can help yourself with fresh tea and coffee.  The bed was comfy and the room clean, just worn out a bit!  I wouldn't be put off staying again as it…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS.,"Fixtures and fittings didn’t fit! Fridge didn’t work, room hadn’t been hoovered, shower screen didn’t fit so water poured on the floor. Worse of all - room didn’t lock for quite a few attempts. It finally locked but when we returned later that evening it was open. Outrageous!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable , clean overnight stay with  breakfast","Great location, warm welcome from Sakeen and a most enjoyable stay. Would like to have stayed longer. The reception area is amazing . We did not know the lift only goes as far as 3rd level. We were on 4, but offered assistance with our heavy cases.Sorry to see there have been so many problems We have no complaints at all and are likely to return in the future.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Old and Poorly Managed,"I stayed here because I had stayed here before a few years ago. I won't do that again.  And yes, there are mice. Another review said there were rats. I think that was a translation issue. Small mice. Cute, brown little mice. But still.  Which can be controlled for, in such an old building. But it isn't. Hence my thought that it's poorly managed. In addition to not getting the double room I paid for, and being told ""I could change rooms"" 3 nights into my 5 night stay. And that ""other bookings"" had just come up which meant no double for me. Lack of training is evident.   All in all not a good stay this time. The breakfast was okay, no change at all in five days, but okay.   Many other better options in London.",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely food,"We've just had two nights in the hotel for the first time and were very pleased with how it all went. The room though small was comfortable, clean and had a balcony. The staff were unfailingly cheerful and helpful ( the chef happy to produce food after ten in the evening  when we returned from a concert). The Persian food was delightful: not overly complicated and fussy, just good straightforward recipes that were very satisfying - the rice nicely done and the in-house hummus superb. Warwick Avenue tube station is just a stone 's throw away - very handy. We'll be back!",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Epitome of a badly run hotel,"This hotel is conveniently located in Maida Vale close to Warwick Avenue underground station. I had booked 2 rooms in 2 names and upon arrival, the receptionist had some difficulty in tracing my pre-paid reservation. After that poor start, it only got worse. I was informed that we had been given an 'upgrade' and that we had been placed in a self contained flat in an annexe.  Our bedroom was up 3 flights of stairs, no lift, with the bed against the wall on 1 side.  That meant that the person on the wall side, my wife, had to climb over me if she needed the bathroom in the night. There was no hot water in the bathroom and there was no heating in the room on a cold November night.  When I tried to complain, there was no manager on duty at 6pm on a Saturday evening to receive my…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel status,"Visited the hotel last week very pleased with the service at reception, and the way they handled my booking. Upgraded room which was pleasing, however the rooms are quite small, breakfast excellent  good choice and hot. The Cream tea in the afternoon was a nice touch, overall pleasant stay would recommend this hotel if you were staying over in London",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of possible scam!,"We'd booked a Club Double for 3 nights via Secret Escapes.  When we arrived we were told that our room was not available because there was no electricity in some parts of the hotel. We had not been contacted before checkin although this was supposed to have happened earlier in the day.  We were not the only people trying to check in - there were 3 other groups of guests all without rooms, and there was only ONE receptionist trying to sort out our accommodation.  We asked to be moved to a hotel of the same standard but was told this was not possible.  We asked to speak to the manager - he was unavailable! One extremely harassed receptionist trying to move 4 groups of guests. We waited 2 hours in total.  Eventually we were all moved to their sister hotel, the London Elizabeth, a…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute farce! My room was a pube-fest!,"What a nightmare.  I arrived just before 9pm. At first glance the hotel looked great, and it was in a handy location just opposite the tube. I was given room 38 and when I arrived the room was tiny. There was barely enough room to fit the single bed (I had booked a double room). In fact it was so small the kettle, tea, coffee and water were on the floor as there was no room for a table. I went back to reception to say I had booked a double and been given a single. I was told they were fully booked and had no other rooms available but I would be moved the next day (I had booked 2 nights). I returned to my room and had a proper look. There was an open packet of soap at the sink, the sink had hairs in it, the shower basin was full (20+) of pubic hairs and had hairs on the cubicle…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a strange hotel...,"I booked The Colonnade as a surprise for my girlfriend. On arrival, we were very pleased with the reception area and were told we had been upgraded to a junior suite. This was great... the room was not! On entering the room, it seemed to be alright. On further inspection, it wasn't! My girlfriend summed up the roo. By saying, ""It's like staying at you rich gran's house butbshe forgot to call the maintainance man!"" Everything that could be broken was broken! The toilet seat was broken, the drawers were broken, the table tops were scratched and chipped, the air conditioning unit was broken. I think that the room was styled in the 90s and has never been updated. The sofa was stained, the carpet was stained and the bathroom made me nervous!  The bed itself was comfy.  We had a meal…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not a 4 star hotel,"I stayed there 3 nights with my son. The good things with the hotel is that it is very close to the subway and has friendly staff. That's it. I have noticed from my trips that London has lower standard on their hotels compared to other countries I have visited, especially the hotels in old buildings like this one. Very old carpets, small halls, an elevator that goes to the 3rd floor, then you have to take the small stairs etc... At first we got a room with a king sized bed. Like in the photo shopped pictures. The problem is that the bed must have been 1,40m and definitely not big enough for me and my son. That was fixed by the friendly staff who got us another room with 2 beds. All this is actually OK. But what is not OK with this hotel is the cleaning! The second day when we…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing suite rooms,"Been there with my boyfriend for our anniversary and we have been upgraded to a lovely junior suite ,at the first floor, we had a four poster bed and a balcony with a nice view, the service was great and we really enjoyed our stay , definitly will come back. The area is very nice as well and you can get to central London very easily as the tube station is just 2 min walking.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay beautiful location,"The Colonnade Hotel is located in a beautiful location very quiet room, as the hotel is away from the busy road. The rooms are very specious compared to other hotels on London and the staffs are so lovely and charming. I would recommend this hotel and give it a 5 star.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful,"We booked through Secret Escapes months ago and paid in advance, supposedly a 4* luxury hotel.  Arrived at 11:30am and asked if we leave our luggage and return later.  No problem he said, the bags would be taken to our room and took £25 off our card for incidentals.  We arrived at 6:30pm to be told there is no room for us!  Apparently maintenance problems.  Nobody had contacted us during the day, even through they had both mine and my husband's telephone number.  The girl on reception said she would book us another hotel of the same standard and she would book a taxi for us.  She asked us to go to the bar for a complimentary drink.  The bar staff told us this happens regularly and said welcome to Faulty Towers.  We waited almost an hour for the taxi and then taken to Tophams…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty towers ,"Colonnade  I finally found faulty towers complete with Manuel .   Ideally situated in NW, London . This beautiful almost four star  depicts the image of a past era . The rooms are decorated in a old style, with comfortable spaces . However , the bathrooms are a little quirky held together with almost super glue . The cracks and over use are clearly visible . The cold and hot mixtures require some mastering or third degree burns are the order of the day .  The lift maybe a little tricky especially as it seemed more suited to cargo, more over if your room is located in the basement, good luck,  as it only serves the ground floor . Since there are no porters the helpful front office girl will offer to carry your luggage down .    So your left with a bit of a quagmire .  The staff…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",No room,Omg the checking in and no room available happened to me too - H&S maintenance issue they said - we didn’t want the Hotel offered and now they won’t give a refund as it was a non refundable booking - hang on you didn’t give me what we paid for so how come you can keep the money !!!,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovelly building, great location, awful service!!","We stayed at The Colonnade in February 2017 for my birthday for 3 nights and we had a wonderful time so much so we decided to go back again on the 5th October 2018 for 6 nights. In order to get the same suite again we decided to call the hotel directly to make our reservation. The reservation process was fine, but when I received my confirmation email  my surname was spelt completely wrong. (it was sent to my email address which has my name in it). So I decided to call to get it corrected after speaking to a gentleman, whose English was very poor, he said I should email back as the lady who did wasn’t there. So I did email and never heard anything.   When  arrived at the hotel to check in my name was  still incorrect! However we did get the right room. As we unpacked we noticed…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Our 1st trip to London,"It was ok, we asked twice for wake up call, both times they forgot. If your room is on the 4th floor, the elevator only reaches to the 3rd, then take very small squeaky stairs to the 4th. The bathroom (tub) dangerous to get in/out. Nothing to hold on to. The breakfast was delicious. The staff was friendly. Location was good, close to the underground station. We would stay again but not on 4th floor! ",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",No customer care !,"Arrived to a lovely lounge and then all went downhill from there. My details were taken at a table & then our receptionist disappeared for a good few minutes, once back asked for debit card reading (for extras) & told “I’m afraid I have bad news with loss of power to half the hotel we won’t be able to give you a room tonight (club double), spoke to my husband and said let’s go home, but were told can offer you room at our sister hotel “you won’t be disappointed”. Took him at his word, (terrible mistake) drove to hotel (not easy) & it was in a different league altogether (staff were helpful though, thank you). Given key to dark twin with no air con & no room to move. Went to reception and told this is the only room left. If advised at Colonnade we would’ve taken the decision to…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",OMG Teribble they double book & you are without a room!,"arrived at 16:30, only to be told we had no room! Told safety fault but found out they had double booked! They wouldn't refund our money & took 3 hours to find another hotel, oned by the saime chain, which was only a 3* called the Elizabeth. Disgusting service!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",OMG,Beware this chain overbook to guarantee full occupancy. They will tell you on arrival that there is a technical issue and move you to either the London Elizabeth or the Cranley both hotels are horrible do not go! Would not stay in any of their hotels if they were giving ot away for free,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"Just stayed for 2 nights at the Colonnade, and it was lovely. Getting into the hotel I was really worried after reading all these reviews so I'm not sure if we got lucky or what, but we have stayed in much worse hotels. Got into the hotel at about quarter to 9 on Friday night and we checked in fine, the receptionist was lovely and told us we had been upgraded which was a nice surprise. Got into the room and it was huge and very nicely presented and clean. Did look in some of the drawers but didn't go around with military precision looking for faults, what's the point? Didn't look under the bed as I've seen some travellers have done. What I don't know won't hurt me. A bit rough around the edges but not horrendous. Minifridge was empty and I suspect not plugged in, but it took the…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Huge disappointment,"Full of promise with grand building and furnishings, but my room on the lower ground floor had a lingering smell of damp, was dated and shabby with a carpet that made me wish I’d taken slippers! The dark wallpaper was peeling, the mattress was too big for the bedstead so overhung at either side and I felt the need to clean the bath before using it.   Even at a special offer price it’s the Travelodge for me next time I’m afraid.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",How to spend a night in hell.,"Extremely disappointed with the hotel room! It had not been cleaned, everywhere looked grubby. The bed sheets hadnt been changed. We were suppose to have a double bed but found 2 singles pushed together... neither the sheet or duvet was large enough to cover bed. Suppose to have a drinks cabinet and bath robes but nothing there. The bathroom bin was broken. Air con was not working. The only slight positive the breakfast was ok. We would not stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Budget not boutique ,"Everything that could go wrong .... Booked twin. got double  One cup to share Dirty bathroom Third floor and lift not working properly We advise reception and it was addressed but not the best first impression  Food not the best Service shocking with only 4 guests in the restaurant  Took 35 mins to move dirty plates from starters, then 25 for mains No vinegar! Staff not really interested in guests, witnessed bar man texting and drinking out of a bottle behind bar - not a great look Sadly it was a shame as the hotel looks lovely from the outside and not too shabby inside, the restaurant staff let it down",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"I visited a couple of weeks ago for work and was very disappointed. The hotel is all very tired - I had no hot water! When I was trying to drop my bag off, the staff were just extraordinary and oblivious to the long queue of guests waiting to be served.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice break,"Swapped from London Elizabeth hotel near Lancaster Gate to their sister hotel Colonnade because of overbooking. Such a nice hotel in a quiet area of London near Little Venice. Room quite warm and stuffy with air conditioning not functioning and just a small double instead of twin room booked but easily outweighed by surroundings, delicious breakfast and very pleasant staff",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Treated like a king!!,"First of all I would like to point out I had been a little concerned before booking this hotel, but it was the only fairly decent hotel I could find while in London in business. When I arrived I was given full attention from the receptionist, who sat me down and had everything organised and also guided me with requirements for my business trip. The original person who I booked with called Shaveen was pleasant on the phone booking my room and made sure my stay was a great experience throughout my time there, even sent me an email to let me know I left my reading glasses in my room and put it somewhere safe for me. The restaurant was plush, an Arabian/Persian feel to the decor all the way through. Severed with a smile from waiting staff and food was amazing and good portions too.…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"This hotel has no four-star-standard at all: Kettle and TV broke upon arrival, manager at least handled the exchange of the kettle after much ado and promised he would take care of the TV-set, which never happened.  No hot water on the first two days of our stay, which meant cold showers on crispy cool mornings in September – Mr Kneipp says hello. Again, the reception desk was not helpful, and I was starting to feel a bit embarrassed, as I was the guy who kept showing up, reporting ever new problems. I started to feel as if I was the problem, when only showing up for the third time, insisting that the kettle needed to be exchanged.  In a nutshell: The room appeared to be a bit neglected, an impression emphasized by the shabby condition of the tapware and dusty power outlets, and…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Overbooking extremely poorly handled,"Overbooking may happen, bad enough. But it is totally unacceptable to get rid of the guest by sending him for ""just for one night"" to another hotel mentioned to be ""perfectly comparable"" (which was not at all the case) plus the promise of an upgrade into a great room for the next day and to let the guest discover in the afternoon of the next day (i.e. in the moment of the transfer back to the Colonnade hotel) that in fact there is no room available for the next night either.  - Serious warning: when checking in, the receptionist gave us a key to a room that was occupied (and she was even surprised when we told her that is was not free); it would have been easy to steal items the guests had placed on bed, shelf, etc.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,A very tired hotel.  Rooms are rather grubby and faded.  The bed was quite possibly the worst I have ever slept on and eventually my husband and I had to lie on the duvet and cover ourselves with the throw to get a little comfort. Breakfast was also a bit woeful with cheap ingredients which were mostly cold.  The only thing going for this place is the location just a minutes walk from Warwick avenue station.  Don't be taken in by the photos.  This place is long past its best.,Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Left out in the cold,"Had booked a reservation here 4 months in advance and when we showed up at 5:30 in the evening, we were told (after a 20 minute wait) that they had no room for us because of a maintenance issue. Told us they would book us somewhere else but we had to pay them in order for that payment to be transferred to the new hotel. They promised us wine while we waited but that only came after a 30 minute wait. Told us they would get a cab but went out to hail one and disappeared. They never tried to call or email us prior to our arrival. Absolutely ridiculous!  The worst customer service I have had in a LONG time. Avoid this hotel like the plague.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking service - tired rooms - unclean - absent general manager.,"I have gone from being a regular user to a total boycott of this hotel.  A real sadness for what could be a fantastic venue in a great part of London - but the staff are poorly trained and have no idea of service values, to the point of extraordinary behaviour (or do they take ownership).  The general manager is absent and when present, takes no interest in what his staff are doing.  A few of the room have been refurbished (if you are lucky enough to get one) but majority are very tired, in desperate need of refurbishment and the cleaner needs a rocket!  Curtains hanging off poles etc.  Room 16 may have been glorious at one point (have never seen it) but if you choose this hotel - good luck!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly good,"I stayed here 3 nights in late September as well as my colleague. Our rooms very comfortable, spacious, clean and serviced. The breakfast was satisfactory and set us up for the day. The staff were friendly and helpful. It’s in a brilliant location for the price. It’s a bit tired but characterful. I’m back for work in February for 3 nights and plan to stay again because my experience was very good as was my colleague’s. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ethan gave great service,"When we arrived they had chosen to pull 5 rooms in a small hotel that was fully booked out of service.  That was no fun, but Ethan scrambled, got a room in a sister hotel, called and paid for cabs to and from that hotel that day so we could meet friends for dinner and then back the next day.  Tha Colonnade staff knew what had happened and we got an excellent upgrade for our remaining 3 days. Yum on the full English breakfast in the beautiful class ceilinged resturant.    This is an hotel with an amazing history.  Alan Touring was born here, JFK was to have stayed here, but his trip was canceled.  These and other placks are outside various rooms.  The staircase is one of the most interesting I have ever walked with two spirals coming together so yo can cross over.  There is lots…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade London,This hotel is deceiving. Upon arrival we were supposed to get a room upgrade. Nothing was mentioned to us. The room was very tiny and the bed lumpy. You could hardly get around the bed.When we got back that afternoon I mentioned the upgrade and the bad bed. Reluctantly I received it. The room was better but not great. The staff never ever acknowledged you coming or going. Very unfriendly. If you have a vehicle good luck with parking as they only have one spot or you park far away. Do not stay here.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding Anniversary disaster at Fawlty Towers.,"Well, where do we start. To set the scene, I booked my room for our wedding anniversary some months ago as a surprise for my endearing wife of 21 years, the present Mrs D, as it looked a delightful 4* hotel in the beautiful suburb of Maida Vale, and a fitting and just reward for putting up with me. Knowing there was limited car parking, I proactively arranged parking for our stay, and received an email confirming my parking being booked, and also advising me I needed to pay upon arrival. No problem, you may say, but let the farce begin.  We arrived late afternoon after a 3hr journey from Norfolk, and I pulled up outside for the wife to obtain directions to the car park. She returned 10 minutes later saying there was no parking available as the car park was already full...eh??…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beware you may end up in one of their other hotels,"Booked this hotel through Secret Escapes for mid-September as it looked charming and was in a quiet area so suited me for a work trip. However, on arrival I was told that the rooms had maintenance problems and they had booked me into one of their other hotels that was of the same 4* standard. It was late for me to find another hotel myself and so I had little choice, but to accept this. I waited 30 minutes for a taxi and travelled across town to a hotel off the Bayswater Road in a very noisy location.  Although told that the new hotel was expecting me and would look after me they did not seem to know anything about this. The receptionist was rude and after a further 40 minute wait whilst she made various phone calls I was shown to a basement room which was dirty, noisy, and…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Some good bits but mostly awful!,"First the good bits.  Very comfy mattresses, good breakfast and food in restaurant, convenient location.  But, after having been persuaded over the phone to upgrade to a Studio (junior suite) as we were celebrating my 60th, we were really looking forward to our stay having seen the photos on the website. We were also promised as part of the package a cream tea, and as it was my birthday - a surprise!  On check-in we were shown to a small and tired room which wasn't set up as a twin as requested.  When I went to reception I was told that was what I had booked. I told them of my phone call, they still said that was what I had booked until after a little while they admitted a mistake had been made, however, the hotel was full and they couldn't do anything about it. My husband and I…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel to Stay In. Great staff.,Stayed for 2 nights & it was amazing.Food superb both breakfast and evening meals.Staff couldn't do enough to help.Would highly recommend staying there.It's so easy to get to most places via the No 6 from outside.Well worth the stay.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Super Hotel,Stayed for two nights and loved it. A rather grand boutique style hotel. Excellent customer service and restaurant serving Persian style food. Situated in a quiet residential area but close to central London and the 'must see' tourist spots. Would definitely recommend.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice place !,"Nice hotel and rooms, good breakfast, friendly staff. Nice location in Little Venice not far from the train station with good conncetion to central london London. Had a wonderful time ;probably will come back",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worse hotel ever,"We stayed in the hotel on 27 September. I think the unfriendly receptionist and the dead flowers on the desk were only an indication of what we were going to find next.   Our room was on the top floor and was not only falling apart but also very dirty. There was a chair in the room completely covered in hair, fluff, what looked like dandruff and stains. We complained about this 3 times but nothing was done. In the end we told the duty manager who came up (at 11.45 at night!!) and shook the dirt from the chair onto the floor (with his own hands). We just couldn't believe it. It was like something out of a comedy sketch but unfortunately it was happening for real! Apart from that, there were damp patches all over the room, some of the lights didn't work, the bathroom had mouldy…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very unhappy with this hotel. Book it only as a last resort.,Stayed at this hotel on September 15th 2018. Our room was very small and dirty. The water was cold and the electricity kept going on and off (we had to go down to reception 3 times to complain and we were told that there was a problem with the whole floor and there was nothing they could do). I left an item of clothing behind  (had to pack in the dark) and despite emailing  the hotel 4 times i got no response from the reservations email provided on there website.  It is a two star at best.,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Unhappy regular.........,"Having stayed at the Colonnade app 15 nights each year for the past 10 years, I have seen the customer care deteriorate progressively as each new company has taken it over. Arrived at 10.30 with 3 colleagues to find that despite receiving confirmation of the 4 rooms, only 2 were available and the hotel was full. 2 of my colleagues were taxi'ed over to the sister hotel in Lancaster Gate, however the taxi promised in the morning never materialised and led to my colleagues arriving an hour late for a meeting. Am I wrong to think when you spend between £5k - £7k a year, you would expect to be looked after rather than be treated like cattle. Sent an e-mail asking for a call from senior management yesterday, promised contact but as of today, nothing. I think a review of our London…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",dissapointed - let down - crap  customer service..,"So booked in with 2 kids an 2 adults over 2 rooms over 2 floors  .   arrived  put kids to bed , noticed the  duvet had been ripped an feathers  were emitting from the duvet .  had had a busy day in London as u could imagine with 2 children.  in the late evening we had drinks at the bar , and were asked  , what is a white wine spritzer.  was charged £3 for a dash of lemonade out a bottle.  our first drink order was charged incorrectly and was paid with a card , which was £20 ..  i then bought the second round with a purple note  and was  told  ,' i haven't charged the first  bill correctly so can u pay  the  outstanding £8 now'' .  So back to my room for £16 .  took the drinks back to the room as the bar was now shut  and its 23:15 . We get a knock at the door an were   then …",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A disgrace. Awful service - they overbook!,"We booked to stay here for 1 night, when we showed up at 5 we were told our room was not ready as the cleaner had not turned up and told to go to the bar to have a drink. shortly after we were asked to come upstairs to be told what was happening with our room. After this ominous message we went upstairs to be told that they did not have a room for us and instead they would be putting us up in another hotel even though we had already paid for this hotel. Apparently they had maintenance issues now (no longer the cleaner). At no stage did they apologise they just stated the facts. There were rumors of rats from one other guest and checking the trip advisor it seems this is likely. The hotel they were sending us to was over 3 miles away and we were not even shown it's website before…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A hotel of 2 halves!,"We booked this as a Secret Escapes gift.  On first sight/entry this is a characterful, pretty, well maintained hotel with a warm friendly welcome. The decor on the ground floor and in the dining area is attractive, tasteful and welll maintained.  It’s location is brilliant - close to Little Venice, the tube, restaurants and bars. We were given a room on the 4th floor and the antiquated though rather charming lift sped us up to the 3rd....then an awkward door and steep, narrow, curving staircase to the 4th, so beware anyone with heavy cases or mobility issues. Disappointingly, the decor from this point was dated, scruffy, unattractive, ill maintained and grubby in places, and we both voiced concerns about a fire risk, and although exits clearly marked, it was tight to negotiate…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel that i have ever had the misfortune to stay in. One to avoid unless you like RATS !,"Arrived at hotel, advised room not ready, returned at 6.00pm, still not ready, then advised no room available at all. Other  couple we were with were slightly more lucky they did have a room. Free drink at bar so they could sort out the problem. Other guests arriving in same position, they were sent to another hotel, clearly this hotel overbooks. If only we had been asked to move on. They found us a room in the basement, Room 1 directly above the tube line ( you can hear it and feel it until stops at 1.30am in morning, more of a shoe box, the one with missing door fire seals, blocked sink, dirty carpet, corridor smelling of sewage, view of air conditioning units, water leaking over electric corroded wall plate, faulty lock, if only we had left. Anyway it all started happening at…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful,"“We are currently on the first train home from our extremely disappointing stay at The Colonnade hotel.  Where do you start - 2 rooms booked - only 1 available , so our friends were given the room next to reception next to the rats ! This apparently isn’t a room - guessing an impromptu put up as there were other people without a room,rats running across the ceiling all night. Rooms weren’t available until after 6pm despite advertising 2pm . Arguing management, broken  showers , blocked fire exits,Rats, electrical sockets with water damage  could go on forever .  Do not stay here ! A ruined weekend - home on the earliest train .”",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, fab location ","Stayed here for one night following an event at Hyde park. Never stayed in this area of London before and really enjoyed it. Great area with walks along the regent canal, London Zoo, Camden and Primrose Hill all within walking distance along the canal route. Hotel staff were friendly, room was well decorated and everywhere was clean. Didn’t eat here but breakfasts we saw looked good, hotel bar was a welcome sight at 11pm on a Sunday after walking back from Hyde park. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Belongings went missing from our room,"I booked the Colonnade Hotel for my wedding party this August 2018. My husband and I stayed in the Honeymoon suite which was lovely however our stay was ruined after we realised a number of our belongings, including wedding gifts, went missing. We contacted the hotel to launch an investigation and after calling every day for around 3 weeks and leaving messages for the manager, no one has ever bothered to respond to us. It's hugely disappointing (especially for a 4 star hotel) and has tainted the whole experience for us. Unfortunately for these reasons I can't recommend the hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",RATS in the room...DO NOT STAY HERE,"I booked this hotel through Wowcher to celebrate our anniversary in August.   Whilst showering in the room at 6pm, I noticed a Black Rat run from the Bathroom to underneath the bed. Having thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, I told my partner who said she didn't see it. However, after retiring to our room that evening, my partner also saw another rat run from underneath the bed to the wardrobe....and upon closer inspection, there are big wholes in the wall in the wardrobe.   I phoned Reception (using my mobile) as the room phone wasn't working. The night staff came up and apologised, however could not move us rooms as they were ""full-up"", so I asked if they could move us to another hotel, and they refused. So we were expected to sleep in that room for the night (with…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat to London - STOLEN PHONE,"Arrived at the hotel everything was great asked to fill out registration form.  I realised my phone was missing when we arrived at the room so rang reception immediately as I knew I put the phone on the reception desk when completing registration form.  Went down to reception was told no nothing here I then asked to see CCTV this was 7ish at night, told only security could look at CCTV and they weren't in until 10am????? Asked in the morning regards this ""yes security will view CCTV at 10am"" (I was thinking this is a bit strange having CCTV at 10 in the morning but not at night). We arrived back at the hotel at lunch time to be told ""sorry security cannot look at CCTV has to be the managing director who is away until next week"".  So I am sure you can imagine what I am thinking…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very hard-working staff but too antique,"Hi. We stayed in the Colonnade Hotel from Sept. 2nd to Sept. 6th. O.K. So the bad news right away...the Colonnade Hotel is not a four star hotel. Nor a three or two star hotel. Maybe it´s a 0.8 star hotel... But let´s be honest...many of us booked it via ""SecretEscapes"" with -70% or so... Usually you HAVE to think there is something wrong...otherwise (and if you have enough money;)) you would go directly to the sites of Grange, Meridien or Waldorf Hilton London... The question is...is the -70% still a scam or not?  We think not. The hotel is admittedly very old and in a very bad condition.   But on the good side of things...the Hotel is very well situated and quiet... basically 30 seconds away from Warwick Avenue Station which takes you to  Piccadilly Circus in 10 Minutes :) The…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great staff but ..,"We had booked a club room for 4 nights at Fawly Tow ... eh, The Colonnade but on arrival we were ushered into a bedsit room in the basement that was not the 17 sq that was advertised. We brought this to the Manager on duty and she - without complaint -moved us to another room only slightly better. We were tired after a day of travel and just wanted a sleep. The next morning we awoke and in the silence of the morning could hear the unmistakable plopping of dripping water ... the bad news was that it was coming from our wardrobe!! The air conditioning unit had been leaking into said wardrobe and the only reason we did not hear it before was because it was dripping onto a spare blanket! We had wondered where the funky smell came from the previous evening and we had hung some…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel full of CLOTHES MOTHS !!!,We came the third time and liked the hotel before.  Now we had the second time a room which was full with flying clothes moths and have them now at home.  We mentioned it to Shiraz (?) one of the managers but he said that’s normal in old hotels like this.   Would not recommend the hotel anymore. There are nicer options in Paddington.,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely overnight stay!,"I booked with wowcher as a surprise night away for my partners birthday. Initially the hotel didn't recieve my email to book, but this was quickly sorted over the phone and email communication was very quick after this. Swift check in, and we were able to leave our luggage when we arrived and it was taken up to our room once it was ready.  No problems at all: great location; friendly, helpful staff; good breakfast (although hot drinks had to be ordered); and the room was gorgeous - very spacious with a huge comfy bed, and all very clean. The only thing for us was the bathroom seemed modern but dated (if that makes sense!) and not in keeping with the style of the hotel, but it didn't affect our stay in any way. Overall a great experience and I only wish we had booked to stay for…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",what a disappointment!,"we (family of 4 adults) stayed in the 3 bedroom flat for 2 nights in July, we paid a lot, expecting charm and luxury. the only positive was the location. other than that, there were old very tight, narrow, rickety stairs, the bannister broken in 2 places, the walls needed painting.  We had to carry our luggage up ourselves, first floor is the tiny, tired kitchen with mismatched DIY looking cabinets, and a living room with old smelly, uncomfortable and stained furniture. The radiator cover was broken, as was the wooden floor in some areas. Up to the second floor for the master bedroom, which had not been cleaned properly. there were huge dust balls under the old bed. the bathroom was also in desperate need of refurbishment, the sink was blocked, the shower tiny and with a plastic…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not The Luxury Hotel We Were Sold,"On paper the hotel looks great and their websites show some wonderful rooms. Our experience, however shows that the room we were given was worse than any other 4* hotel we have stayed in. There were cracks around the ceiling lights and along the coving on one side. Grout was missing from the tiles on the bathroom floor, the centre of the toilet roll holder was missing and paint was peeling from the bath panel. The furniture in the room was scratched and tired and the minibar empty (not that we would have used it).  On the plus side, there was aircon, albeit a bit noisy.  When using the old and creaky lift there was a smell of dampness evident, something borne out in the basement (where the restaurant is located) as there were signs that the plaster had blown and there were…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",So very disappointed - Secret Escape deal,Very disappointed - room stank of sewage - so spent one night with awful smell as no other room available. Couldn’t actually plug the kettle in where placed in either room as only 2 plugs in entire room neither in a good location. Cream tea not great. Lift antiquated which looks lovely but frequently got scarily stuck. Waste of money - got better facilities at my 2* B&B that we stayed in for rest of the week.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away 30th Anniversary,"The room was very spacious and there was tea and coffee making facilities. En-suite. The building has a lot of history to it and the decor was in keeping, it had a lovely atmosphere. The staff couldn't do more for us, they were very friendly, they catered for my severe nut allergy, we also ate there, the food was Persian cuisine, and was outstanding. The portions were a good size. Very good value for money.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","""Worn Out"" Not The Same As ""Charming""","We should have been warned when our taxi driver from Paddington Station said ""the Colonnade?  I thought that place closed years ago.""  I want the staff of the Colonnade know that they are the most overworked employees I've ever seen at a hotel.  From having to constantly run up and down those damn stairs, individually letting people into their rooms (the key card system was on the fritz) to getting that elevator (oldest in England) to operate, they always did their best with a great attitude. In fact, they were so desperately pleasant, I felt I was watching a group of school chums trying hard on their own to keep  the hotel working so their old Aunt Clarinda won't lose her mortgage.  (Or more likely kidnap victims who think the more they are happy in their work the sooner their…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible room, bathroom and mattress","Room: small, dark, with ugly views.  Furniture dusty and dirty.  Carpet dirty  Mattress/bed: very small mattress (felt smaller than 1.50m wide), most uncomfortable mattress my wife and I have slept on in a long time, and had a very bad sleep.  Poor quality springs feeling through mattress, sinking in the middle, bouncy, excessively hot.  Bed base was dusty.  No sheets provided, only a covered duvet.  So either we were very hot with duvet or cold without any sheet.  Bathroom: mold/mildew on walls, cracked paint, extractor full of dust, cracked and blackened silicone, cracked floor tiles, only one roll of toilet paper available, toilet roll holder broken, bathroom extremely narrow.  Not to mention the key machine was broken so we had to be escorted to our room.  Breakfast quite…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but not great either,"Our overnight stay in The Colonnade hotel in London was given to us as a Virgin Experience Day by a friend. Once I had received my voucher the staff at the hotel were very helpful and secured our booking straight away.  We came to London on Sunday (as there was no Saturday experience) and checked in easily. When we got there the receptionist told us that all the key cards weren't working and therefore every time we wanted to enter our room, we had to ask someone to let us in. This wasn't very convenient however not a deal breaker. The reception decor was beautiful.   Entering our room was easy however the room was not what we expected. It was a lot smaller and nothing like the pictures on the website. We had a balcony though which was nice, however no tables and chairs to sit…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Attention to detail lacking,This hotel could be so much better!  Our room was pretty small but had a bath and fridge with two bottles of beer and two small bottles of wine to purchase (minibar?).  Perhaps that constitutes a club room which we had booked.  The room was well worn with minor fittings not functioning. It was a first to have no soap provided for hand washing!  Breakfast looked OK but there were no covers on hot food containers meaning that the food was tepid on top. Yogurts were not in any kind of cooler. Coffee did not arrive at the table and was eventually brought on request after we had finished eating.  The dining room was not busy!  The staff could “talk the talk” but failed to deliver. We were asked if everything had been OK when leaving. The gentleman seemed to listen to one point…,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet location - Great 4 poster!,"Differ to some of the other reviews - I found this boutique hotel excellent, with great large bedoom and supper 4 poster bed. General reception cosy - did not eat here, so cant comment on restaurant. Quiet central location easy walk to Little Venice canals",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Spend some money on the rooms.,"I imagine the reason the member of staff didn't ask the usual 'How was your stay?' was because he was fed up with hearing the replies. I saw nothing but mistakes, problems and faults at this little hotel which appears so charming from the curb and website.   For the following reasons - I would rather be in an impersonal Travelodge, than pay the money to stay here, and trust me, I stay in a LOT of hotels.   On arrival I thought what a lovely reception. That was until I was asked to take a seat as they were trying to find some poor guest's lost bags. I sat there, and sat there and waited for the female member of staff to try and find the bag, take a couple of room service orders and do some filing. 'Can I check in yet?' I asked desperately (quite tired after a day at work). 'Not…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable stay at charming hotel,"We chose this hotel based upon its location, off the beaten track of hustle and bustle of London city proper.  It turned out to be a charming, historical property in a very pleasant neighborhood with superior service, and delicious breakfasts.  The tube stop is convenient - just a short block away. The accompanying restaurant was excellent also.  Prior to an early arrival from the US we had requested an early check-in and the manager, Sakeen, was quite accommodating, giving us a bright room, albeit small.   The room/hotel was certainly dated, but comfortable.  A couple of issues had to do with a need for the curtains, which opened onto a balcony, to be cleaned due to a bit of mold and the carpet had not been vacuumed when we first arrived or during the following day.   I…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Please read this before you book,"Be careful when you book this on a debit card. I booked this hotel in Feb 18 for a visit in Aug 18. When my payment for the room came though they had over charged me by £13 ( I know this isn't a fortune,but if I had sent this money short they would have expected it to be paid ) 5 phones calls and 3 emails later they still hadn't  refunded it.  On my visit to the hotel they said they did not have the cash (no petty cash  no cash behind the bar) to repay me and I had to wait until I got home so they could refund it through the bank. I said I didn't trust them to do this as they had not done this in the last 6 months. After an hour of arguing and threatining to take an orniment as payment they found the cash.  Obviously they was just trying to not pay me back.  On a separate note…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid unless you like Mice,"Stayed here for 1 night after flying home from holiday wish we had chosen another hotel. Hotel very dated, AC in room a joke and even though we were on 3rd floor we had snails on the wall inside room. Plus room had a mouse in it. Thought we had seen a mouse out corner of eye but dismissed it as jet lag or result of being tired but 3rd time we saw a mouse squeezing itself under table with television on. Called management who sent night manager up who had a 5 second look but could not see anything so kindly offered us complimentary drink and breakfast( who would want to eat in a hotel that had mice, oh and a mousetrap! and would have to see if alternative room could be found. After waiting half an hour we were told no alternative rooms available in hotel or sister properties…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",2 night stay,"loved the Victorian style bedrooms.Room quite small but lovely.Bed was extremely comfortable.Staff very helpful.Breakfast was first class,only missing a choice of coffees,but im sure had I asked I could have had a latte",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",In need of updating ,"We booked a weekend in London and decided on our last night we would book something special. Usually we stay with the chain hotels and I wish we had.  First impressions were amazing, outside view when walking down, reception and the seating area were all rather grand compared to what we are used to.  We were checked in and shown to our room which on first impressions looked lovely, however, it could definitely do with updating, a lick of paint and a decent bed. It was the most uncomfortable mattress I have slept on and for 4 stars I would’ve hoped for better.  The area the hotel is in is lovely and would visit again just not at this hotel. ",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A bit like Fawlty Towers,"A hotel that is in need of an increase in staffing and some renovations. Our room was quite chipped around the edges, with a panel on the front of the bathroom sink falling off to reveal cobwebs, dirt and dust and amenities that we're very clean. The in room information was very out of date and promised amenities and services that didn't exist anymore. Hotel security was questionable - one our first night another guest was given access to our room by mistake and walked in to wake us up, plus when leaving luggage at the hotel on check-out this was simply left in the foyer rather than put behind a desk or in a secure area. Breakfast service was unfriendly, unhelpful and limited - finding anyone to ask for a coffee was a challenge! The final frustration occurred on check out when…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Still   w a I t I n g !,"I actually reviewed this hotel  a couple of  weeks ago after we stayed and gave it quite a reasonable review. Unfortunately my experience since has led me to rewrite.  A few days after our return home I noted that £9 had been taken from my account by the hotel. The drinks we bought were paid for in cash and nothing had been put on the room. I called and spoke to Ethan, he promised he would look into it and get back to me. Over a week later I called again as I hadn’t  heard anything. I don’t recall the name of the female I spoke to but she wanted to hand it back to Ethan to deal with, when I said no she said she would put it in the hands of the general manager. Still nothing so I called again yesterday and spoke to Diane. It took her a few minutes to investigate and find the slip…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fur coat no knickers ,The hotel sounds lovely and is rated 4 star. It’s not. It is very dated and in need of a good clean and a lick of paint.  I booked a studio room but on arrival I was given the keys to a standard room. Very unimpressed with this.  When I explained I was told to wait a few hours for the new room to be ready as I was too early. I understand check in times etc but an apology or courtesy drink might have been nice.  Not overly impressed with the studio room. Shower barley ran and room was very dated.  Good location. Short walk to little Venice and Paddington station. 10 min walk to Hyde Park.   ,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely room,"I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel when I had to stay in London for two nights.  My room was very attractive - a large ground-floor room with small sitting area and desk.  Good quality teas were provided (as well as a large bottle of drinking water).  The room had an iron and board (thank goodness).  The bed was very comfortable.  My only gripe with the room was that there is a dangerous step down from the bathroom (which I tripped down, injuring myself).  The breakfast was fine apart from two issues: a loud radio playing throughout breakfast - some terrible local radio show - and secondly: there is a long flight of stairs down to the breakfast room, which I found difficult.   Just behind the hotel is a small street with cafes, grocery and newspaper shop which I found…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",not a 4 star,"Stayed for just one night, but not ready to return. The room was very small, smelly and very poorly mantained (e.g. electricity wires exposed close to the bed). The elevetor is the most creepy experience ever: it's extremely uncomfortable and very smelly. Breakfast is quite basic and available in an undergrand area (again, quite creepy). Basically, unless you sleep in the beatiful lobby (or in a suite, I guess) do not expect a very pleasant experience.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Hotel,"We stayed at the Colonnade London from 29th June - 4th July.  Upon reflection our initial impression was disappointing  - shabby.  Tired looking furniture, dirty and mismatching cups in the room. Safe interestingly place on the floor! However, ideal location for public  transport and friendly staff.  You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear!",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Slovenly,"Very poor night in this hotel. Dirty room, broken loo seat, wire on iron broken and taped together - dangerous. Requested hairdryer twice and it didn’t arrive. Staff not interested. No apology. Just don’t waste your money here. ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Place...,Had a reservation but had to cancel it 5 days before visit because I fell in France and needed total hip replacement.  Contacted hotel thru phone calls and emails for 5 months with promise for call back from manager and or owner...nothing... not even a partial refund offer considering plenty of time was given for them to rebook the room.  Will NEVER recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Bad experience,This is a so called 4 star hotel I DONT THINK SO very dated needs a lick of paint and updating corridors smell musty. Service was terrible shower didn’t work tap fell off in my hand couldn’t alter the temperature scolding hot phoned reception took over 20 mins to come and help.  Over all not a very good standard premiere inn has better service,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"We found a deal on Wowcher for The Colonade Hotel and phoned to check availability before we paid for the voucher. Within 10 mins of booking the voucher I emailed the hotel, that was their recommendation, to confirm I wanted 2 rooms. 48 hours later no confirmation so I phoned to be told they hadn’t received my email and i shouldn’t have been told there were rooms on that date. I copied myself and the other guests on the email and everyone else received the email so I think they lied. After insisting on talking to a manager and reporting them to Wowcher I suddenly received a confirmation emailing for the room bookings. However upon arrival on Saturday we were allocated the 2 rooms one of which was a basic room and the other a full suite. I asked at reception if the second room…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Historic and Convenient,"Booked via Secret Escapes.We had a lovely room on 2nd floor.Everything you need - comfortable bed,safe,good lighting,accessible sockets etc. Quiet surroundings considering the underground is quite near.Breakfast was OK - would have like some yoghurt though.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Central and quiet area,"It is a good hotel, clean and a nice breakfast. They have different kind of rooms, so be sure you ask not to be placed in the basement. The rooms upstairs are very nice. It has a historic atmosphere. It is very close to the metro, so you can easily enjoy London.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"We stayed at this hotel a few years ago and were surprised by the number of poor reviews that it had received recently, unfortunately they were well deserved.  We stayed in room 46 in the attic, the room looked worn and it had a number of issues that really rendered it unsuitable for use. Firstly there was a fault on the air conditioning unit and it buzzed loudly every couple of minutes, so although it kept the room cool it made sleeping without ear plugs impossible, on complaining about we were told that staff were aware but as it was so old they were struggling to get replacement parts for it.  On our second night we only had a trickle of cold water which meant that we couldn’t use the shower as it was too hot and the bath took and age to run, this happened again on night 3, I…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",ALERT - they take your money and don't refund,"I booked through Booking.com in mid March for a mid June stay.  They took full payment from me in March which they subsequently said was an ""error"". I cancelled the booking within the correct period and had written confirmation that there was no charge. Almost one month after cancellation - and after several emails and telephone calls - they have still not sent my refund. terrible service. They take your money when they are not supposed to and then refuse to return it!!!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Boutique Hotel with history,"Very comfortable small boutique hotel with an old time feel. Many people have complained about the elevator but it adds to the mystique with a 1920's flare. Our air conditioner was not up to par but then again when we were there, it was the hottest it was in years, so it should not be a factor. We were on the 4th floor which when the windows were open, it gave a nice breeze.Warwick avenue station within a 2 minute walk and it takes you to every place you want to go. Great part of town with restaurants within walking distance and my favorite, Prince Alfreds , breakfast shop, French restaurant and bodega around the corner",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"This is a booking we made via Secret Escapes at The Colonnade Hotel in London. It was an absolutely terrible experience. We arrived late at the hotel and met a unpolite receptionist, we then got a room at the top floor and had to walk in tight stairs with two big suitcases with no instructions. When we entered the rom it was dust everywhere. The shower did not work, the TV did not work and the kettle was filthy and contained rust. We swapped room the last night but the toilet was out of order.. Both the pictures and the description of the hotel at secretescapes.com lies. To complete the disaster we missed our flight home due to the recepsionist advice to take one of the car services to Gatwick.. Thanks alot..",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",i wouldnt bother,"we booked and paid to stay here months in advance as this was a special weekend celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary, sadly we were very disappointed with our room  which was in a poor state and the bathroom being dirty, we left as soon as we managed to find another hotel and we are now trying to get a full refund, we had to cut our weekend short as we had no money left after having to pay for another hotel, our weekend was ruined this hotel is nothing like in the pictures they provide",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointment,When we booked we were looking forward to some old world luxury.  What we were given was a basement room with no outlook.  We asked to be moved and were given a room that we subsequently found out someone else had rejected.  We were pushed for time so we had to accept what was offered and make the best of it.  Would I rec commend this hotel NO.  The only thing going for it as far as we were concerned was the location.,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a good overhaul!,"First impressions not good, lady on reception left us standing there whilst she went to collect customers luggage from room, they were perfectly capable of doing this themselves! No advice on where breakfast or the bar area was! Reception area had very shabby furnishings, and awful piped music! The rooms need a good overhaul as well shabby paintwork & furniture, not even bothered to replace a broken toilet roll holder in room! No attention to detail at all! Would not stay again, its a shame because it could be a great hotel!",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",We feel like we've lost an old friend.,"We have extensive experience with this lovely old establishment.  We lived around the corner for six years, during which time we often put guests up there.  Sometimes when our kids and grandkids visited, my husband and I stayed in the Colonnade so the kids could spread out in our house.  After we moved away in 2006 we continued to visit yearly and always recommended it to others.  Our youngest daughter and her husband spent the first days of their honeymoon there in 2015.  When we visited in May of 2017 we expressed concern about the rundown condition of the place.  Tattered sofas, stained carpets, torn wallpaper, and chipped paint, but were assured that renovation was scheduled so we booked three suites for June of 2018 as part of a long-planned trip with friends.  We have…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel...reception good,"This hotel is beautiful and stylish, reception is good... However I deplore the need for this hotel to have to goldfish in a very small bowl with no plants, and not able to swim properly or other than up and down..it is not a necessary feature and I can not comprehend why anyone in this otherwise lovely hotel thinks its ok .. It made me sad ...if you wish to have fish at least get an aquarium ...",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in historic house,"I stayed in room 25, checking in for one night on Sunday 10 June. I had booked a Deluxe room. Complicating my travel was that earlier in the day I had fallen down a flight of stairs and sprained my ankle, and was unable to walk on it. At check in, the staff were eager to help with my bag.  As noted by other reviewers, the elevator is antique, although charming and clean. I would however suggest that as you reach your destination floor, you should bend your knees rather than lock them, since there is a bit of a lurch upon stopping.  Upon reaching my room, access was straightforward via keycard. The door opened into a closet-sized anteroom, which was open to the bedroom. To the right was the bathroom through a door. A climate control unit of significant size was mounted on the…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely restful hotel,Tucked away near Warwick Avenue tube station it was the birthplace of Alan Turing.  Bedrooms are delightfully old fashioned and it has the oldest lift in London.  Great location just a short step from Little Venice.  We stayed one night only and it was a gift so I don't know the cost.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,When we checked in we were given no information about the hotel so I assumed that there would be an information booklet in the room which it wasn't. When we got to our room I was expecting certain items that are listed on their website e.g Robes and Slippers -they weren't in the room A stocked mini bar - there was a fridge with a bottle of wine in it and 3 miniature bottles of alcohol Details of the shoe shine service A room service menu Deluxe toiletries - there was some bottles of shampoo and shower gel but they certainly weren't deluxe I then went down to reception to find out where the dining room was and what time breakfast and dinner were served and when and where I could have our included cream tea which they told me.  I then told them about the lack of robes and slippers…,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",From the outside...a lovely looking hotel...On the inside...needs renovating!,"A gorgeous looking ""4 Star"" hotel from the outlook, but once booked into your rooms, you can see the tired look to much of it. Wallpaper peeling off. Broken tiles. broken toilet roll holder, so toilet roll left o floor. Shower door hard to close. Also, be prepared to feel the earth move!!!...not so much by passion...but by the underground system running directly underneath the hotel, every few minutes! Also...even though the breakfast ran to 10am, we had to ask the staff to replenish the trays of individual food items at 9:30, when we arrived to eat.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Small room with bugs, dirty cracked window and sewer smell ","This hotel was a disappointment. Although in a good location and the staff were friendly, everything else was not good. The decor was very tired and wall paper was peeling in the very small room just off reception.  There were bugs in the room and hairs on the sheets.  The window/ window sill was filthy and the window had a crack which was a little draughty.  The toilet roll holder was missing and had a bedside cupboard in the bathroom.  The spoon supplied still had coffee only from the previous occupant.  The smell of sewage was masked by the plug in air freshener. Overall, an over priced stay for a very mediocre room. Very disappointing.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel in a great quiet neighborhood,"This is a pretty, charming, historic hotel in a quiet neighborhood.  Easy access to the Underground and neighborhood pubs.  Very friendly staff.  The only negative is that the mattress was not good (saggy and a little lumpy).",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Would no recommend this hotel anymore,"I have used this hotel on several occasions on business trips and keep giving it the benefit of the doubt.  Enough is Enough !  I arrived to find my parking space which had been reserved had been let out to someone working in the hotel, this is happened on my last visit ,so i had to find a street parking position.as before . They even tried to charge me but i explained the parking position was not there after further discussions they agreed to credit the parking.  This hotel is now well past its best !  It  needs major refurbishment  Furnishing well worn and paintwork terrible   I feel sorry for the cleaners must be a very difficult work in this place Room TV not working  HOW DOES THIS GET 8.2 AS A RATE  On a good note the receptionist Bouch is excellent and very helpful  This…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",quiet location,spent 2 nights at this hotel..got an upgrade to a suite on our arrival which was a pleasant suprise as it was our 25th wedding anniversary. the lady on reception was very welcoming. we were directed to the 3rd floor via a lift which is reputed to be the oldest of its kind still in use. our room overlooked the restaurant below.even though we didnt use the restaurant the smells were wonderful. very close to warwick ave tube and about a 20 min walk to paddington via little venice(not a lot their) overall lovely hotel very quiet good location for paddington,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",In need of an update,Firstly can I say that the hotel has the nicest friendliest staff you would find. We have stayed at this hotel several times in the past as we love the location. They always served amazing breakfasts but sadly no longer. They used to cook to order but now the food is pre cooked and put in containers and I couldn’t see that there was any heat underneath but that wouldn’t have mattered as there were no lids to keep the heat in. The bacon and sausage is really cheap and the scrambled eggs looked just like rubber. We were upgraded to room 25 but it was a very dark room in desperate need of a makeover. I suffer with a bad hip so the 4 poster bed was almost impossible to get into. The bathroom was grubby and the shower over the bath was a danger. There was no mat for inside the bath…,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not even a 1 star hotel.,"I got a room under the ground that smelled, the mattress was broken and there was no connection. I got changed room after a little discussion. The following day, my macbook and some other worthy things will be stolen from my room in just 15 minutes. At a 4 star hotel there is no camera and a manager at 4 star hotel does not take responsibility or refund my money. That's fun enough.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A very tired hotel,"First thing you see in the first part is a radiator facing you with plugs and dirty wires hanging from it.   The lobby has chairs in it that are soiled with holes in them.   Seat cushions all have the zip on the front instead of the back.  Reception was not too bad.   Went to the room down a corridor which was smelly and into an ancient lift which smelt disgusting.   The de luxe room looked adequate BUT one of the bedside lamps was not working, USB ports were not working and there were no travel adaptors available in the hotel.   The safe in the wardrobe was so high that it was unreachable for a short person.  The mattress was lumpy.   First morning ordered scrambled eggs and fried eggs arrived.  On the third morning no breakfast at all - the order had not been taken from the…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly hotel,"We had a very comfortable weekend stay here. It was convenient for travelling around a London and Little Venice was delightful to stroll round.  The staff are all very friendly and helpful.  Our only slight criticism is that some areas of the hotel are a little “tired” and could do with some TLC. Eg ripped curtains, seats and worn carpets. Our room was ok and well serviced on both days. We would definitely return.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Our 1st Anniversary,"So we saw that this hotel was on wowcher but we needed a specific date so contacted the hotel directly. We wanted to treat ourselves for our first anniversary (20th). They came back with suggestions after all the wowcher allocations had been booked up. We decided to go for the double deluxe and have a romance package (roses, prosecco and chocolate dipped strawberries). We arrived early to drop off our bags before a show and they said our room was ready. The receptionist was friendly, but more friendly to the little girl who was in the banking hall. I feel he got distracted and failed to mention important things such as the breakfast timings. But he didn’t forget to bill us £25 as a deposit type thing. We hope we get it back since we didn’t take anything from the limited mini bar…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A bit of a Fawlty Towers,"My husband and I recently stayed here for a 2 night break the I had booked via Secret Escapes. On first inspection everything looked really swish. The welcome was warm and friendly and we were offered an upgrade to a de luxe room.   The room was large, we could open the window properly, the air con was quiet and more importantly efficient. We hate sleeping in a hot room with insufficient ventilation. We even had a four poster bed, which was a bit high off the ground. However the mattress was very comfortable and gave us a good night sleep. The pillows unfortunately where aliitle too flat. Despite being at the front of the hotel there was no noise during the night due to the hotel being in a quiet predominantly residential area and the curtains blocked out any light.   Now for…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"Many thanks for a fabulous stay for a birthday visit to London. Super location in Little Venice. Hotel very welcoming and comfortable. More than helpful staff and a special thanks to Maria, the reservations manger who pulled out all the stops to make our trip very memorable. Would recommend without hesitation. Many thanks again",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",London in May,"This was not our first visit to this beautiful city, nor our first stay at this lovely hotel but both are worth mentioning.  The Colonnade is a jewel of a ""London-as-it-used-to-be-before-chain-hotels place to stay in the equally charming Little Venice area of London. Canals and riverboats, white-washed town homes and tall trees all lend to the sense of peace and serenity so different from the frantic pace of downtown London.  We love it all and especially love coming back at the end of a long day to the comfort of the Colonnade. The rooms are ""period appointed"" but still very 21st century comfortable - A/C, flat screen tv, room service all the perks you'd expect of a fine hotel and a staff that measures u[ to those expectations also.  For us it is the best of both worlds - a…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful location and size of rooms,"We booked 2 nights b&b through Secret Escapes over the May Bank Holiday.  We opened the door to the Garden Suite and went WOW! The room was a really good size for a London hotel room with two leather arm chairs and table as well as mini bar fridge and free bottles of water. Separate large bathroom with lovely fluffy towels.  Very quiet neighbourhood and very close to the tube station, Little Venice canals and shopping area with Tesco express for those little snacks.  The staff were very friendly and a lovely atmosphere everywhere.  Breakfast was enough choice and on the second morning it was hotter than the previous day.  Would definitely stay again. Recommend the Garden Suite on the ground floor but be careful small step up to bathroom.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ms,All I can say is WOW absolutely amazing the location is perfect all the staff are so helpful and friendly especially sakeen on the reception desk so warm and friendly I can’t wait to come back in July for my sons birthday. I would highly recommend a visit.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Gem!,"Stayed here for one night whilst in London on business. Free upgrade & a complimentary drink on arrival which was a lovely surprise. All the staff throughout the stay were superbly friendly, courteous & helpful. Dinner in the restaurant was wonderful & a perfect fusion of Persian spices & flavours. Breakfast was fresh & well cooked with a lovely choice. The room was comfy & well supplied with toiletries, water etc. The furnishings are a little tired but that really didn’t matter. The lift is amazing! The old gated sort. We will definitely be back & understand that it’s best to book directly with the hotel to get the best deals. Great location & literally 2 minutes from Warwick tube station & within easy walking distance of Paddington station. Thank you Colonnade for a lovely…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent food,"We went just for a dinner in The colonnade hotel restaurant, becouse we had voucher for 3 course meal Persian cuisine. We like loved it, the food was amazing tasty and fresh, customer service excellent, we enjoyed a lot that evening",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Historical charm and amazing food,"We stayed here for one night and were very impressed. Will definetly stay again. Had a great deal. Great location in quiet suburb close to tube. On arrival booked in by friendly staff and were upgraded to a junior suite. Impressive room. Had early 3 course persian dinner and wine which was delicious, compliments to the chef! Staff were attentive and polite. Good selection of breakfast in morning. On checkout they did try to bill us for some things that were part of the deal but that was corrected within 5 minutes. So good overall experience. The hotel matched a Groupon deal classic double room with 3 course dinner, wine and breakfast included.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Would I stay here again? No!,"This is my second stay within 2 months at the Colonnade and this time is no better than the first. I made the mistake of booking the 2 stays by paying in advance through Booking.com  It’s stretching the truth significantly to claim this is a 4 star hotel. It should be placed somewhere between 2 and 3. Closer to 2 in fact. It’s hard to think of a positive comment to make.  Check in is a cold non smiling experience. The morning welcomes from reception staff are just the same. They know they have to wish you a good day but it certainly doesn’t sound as though it’s meant.  Lounges and settees in the reception area are filthy and torn.  Our room (6) was dilapidated. Carpets are worn, leather chairs have splits in the leather, curtains in our room have rotted and have split linings,…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Comfort and service.,"An oasis in the desert. I have stayed before and would choose to do so again over any other hotel in the area. I was greeted by Sakeen who proceeded to ensure that my needs were accommodated throughout my stay. He even remembered my name and room number! I regard this hotel very highly, my food was excellent and delicious. My room spacious and comfortable. All hotel staff were delightful and pleasant. Sadly Minnie the cat has passed since my last visit. Comfortable, friendly, quaint, peaceful, well managed and above all my favourite.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay spoilt by bad communication,"Great part of London, Hotel could do with a little TLC, Staff very polite. Do not ask them their nominate taxi, Late, Overprice, No display on cost, or drivers detail. I ask them to sort out, but a month later I am still waiting. Spoilt our stay.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Delicious Authentic Persian,The three of us ate here the other night - We were warmly welcomed by charming staff - and then served such generous plates that despite our best efforts we could just not finish -   The two ladies I was with were Persian - and they say this is the most authentic Persian in London,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","loveley location,quiet yet close to central london attractions","having never been to this area of london before was really impressed with the area,the hotel is in a great location just 2 mins walk from the warwick avenue tube station, hotel clean,quiet with charecter,great reception from bouche and latterly by oana,room and bed very large,comfortable,large bath and view to the outside street,breakfast on a serve yourselve basis and ample for a long day on the streets of the capital",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Brunch with prosecco ,Stash and Niyousha were absolutely fantastic. The food was excellent and prosecco was free flowing as stated. Would definitely recommend. We came to celebrate a friends 50th birthday and we had a great day - thank you - we will be back  ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday afternoon tea,"Came here for an afternoon tea to celebrate a birthday. Lovely venue, good location, friendly staff and great company! Would definitely come back again. I just can’t recommed it enough!! The atmosphere was so nice!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Dated, mean and not welcoming to all.","The hotel looks like it hasn’t been up dated since the 1980s. It is very tired looking. It is situated in a very pleasant but boring area of London. Also, the breakfast offering is poor. The food on offer ( e.g. the ham) was of a poor quality, and was sparse. Another guest and I requested that the scrambled egg be topped up. We waited patiently for it to be so until eventually one scrambled egg was brought out for us to share. I alerted the hotel in advance of my dietary requirements as a sufferer from coeliac disease. The hotel made no allowance for this at all. On my second morning at the hotel I didn’t even bother to go to breakfast. However, my biggest criticism of the hotel is that they think it is ok to promote a partisan political agenda. I know that this will not upset…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful Experience, excellent choice.","We had a NaFSaFF (Namasagali Former Students and Friends Foundation) dinner event to fund raise for a solar project for our old school and to be honest, I could not default the service of the team lead by the outstanding General Manager Chirag, the restaurant Manager Arash, wonderful team Kultan, Paulo, the hotel's Chef. The Persian menu was the best, our guests enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. We will surely return.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I booked an afternoon tea, we received a warm welcome on arrival, we enjoyed an afternoon tea with prosecco.  The service was good and it was a lovely relaxed atmosphere. The home made scones were amazing and we ordered more! The staff were lovely and nothing was too much trouble, I would go again.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay,I stayed in the Turing Suite and then the JFK suite this week and had the most amazing stay. The decor is quirky and vintage and has real charm.  The service was great - I thoroughly recommend this place; standing on the balcony of an evening and seeing Maida Vale go past was good for the mind and spirit.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Okay but not worth the 4 stars it advertises,"Booked a stay here whilst going to see a show in the west end for our anniversary thinking the boutique hotel would be perfect for a romantic night in London. Location is perfect for easy access from Paddington and the tube. On arrival, the hotel seemed well presented and the staff were friendly and welcoming. Although we arrived at quarter past 2 (check in is at 2pm), we were told our room would not be ready for another hour... which was completely baffling. However, we went to grab a coffee and returned an hour and a half later finally getting access to our room at about 4pm. The room was simply disappointing. We were in Room 48, the room service breakfast card still had the previous person's order on it, there were hairs still in the shower and dust all over one of the desks.…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent choice in a nice area,"We've stayd at Colonnade Hotel for 4 days and we have been really happy for the choice. Located at less than 100 m from the tube station (Warwick Avenue), the personnel is nice and helpful, the breakfast has a good variety of food and the rooms are comfortable. Mrs. Bouch has been lovely with us (together with a blond colleageu that has quickly solved a problem happened during our stay). We'll return there in future !",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not a great experience ,"Booked a Club Room through Secret Escapes.  First impressions were good, a lovely building with an interesting history, in a pleasant, quiet area of London, in the Little Venice neighbourhood and a very short walk from Warwick Avenue underground station.    We were welcomed well and the reception area was comfortable, well decorated and characterful.  If only I could say the same for our room.  The first room we were given (Room 2) was in the basement and really dark, with no view other than a wall and air conditioning units.  We asked if we could be reallocated and this was dealt with no problem albeit we did have a small wait for the room to be ready.    The new room (18) on the first floor was at least nice and light, as there were 2 windows, though all the glass was frosted…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Expectations meet apart from---,I'd been waiting a long time to book at room at the The Colonnade so our wedding anniversary was the perfect reason to book a room.  K so room booked show booked ect. My findings below.  The Hotel? The Colonnade was as expected in photos and reviews. The staff seem very attentive and seemed to be professional.   When we arrived late check in was treated with respect as expected.   Was shame to see no bell boy or assistance with luggage as the lift in the hotel is outdated and very difficult to operate with titanic style door rail.  The steps up to the hotel also seem hard to get luggage up which was disappointing to see no ramp for luggage or disabled people.   The Room? As expected with a difference! Personally this room was a good size as a double however was clearly a single…,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little Gem,It was nice to stay in a private hotel and NOT a chain....The Hotel was clean warm and the staff more than happy to make your stay there pleasurable.The cost for bed and breakfast was very comparable for London prices. A good choice of eating places nearby and only yards from the tube stAtion .,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good location ,"The location was the best thing about this hotel, next to the tube station and really central to London attractions. However, I would not rate this hotel as a strong 4 star. The room, 41, was extremely cold- especially the bathroom, so the door had to be kept closed to try and keep heat in. The tea/coffee/sugar/milk were not replaced over our stay and the bin in the room was not emptied. The staff are friendly, and bought us tea and coffee after we complained, however they will not check you in a minute before the check in time so just be warned if you are travelling from afar! ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",a very pleasant stay.,"We booked this hotel at quite short notice to stay on a Sunday evening in March. I first saw it on a Groupon deal then discovered if i booked the hotel directly they were offering a free breakfast. I booked it directly with the hotel . All was fine until i read the reviews on tripadvisor. to be honest i eas shocked and was dreading my stay at the hotel.  In fact on arriving at the hotel itwas a very pleasant check in and as the room was not ready the staff took our luggage and stored it until we arrived back at the hotel later. We initially had a problem with the room key, It would not allow us into the room. the receptionist advised us she would upgrade us to a suite. Our room was nice and warm if not on the smallish side but included a huge en suite bathroom. It was spotlessly…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good as Always,"Our third visit. A great room at a really good price in a lovely area. It is 2 minutes walk from Warwick Road station on the Bakerloo line. Little Venice is a great area for walls, pubs and restaurants. Service good as always. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A really lovely non-chain hotel,"The Colonade is an interesting hotel - if you are looking for the ubiquitous 'luxury' of the big brands you wont find quite that. But what you will find is genuine, excellent service, an extremely comfortable bed in a large well equipped room in an interesting part of London. It is a bit 'faded grandeur' but that really does add to the charm - and the bar / restaurant serves great food and wines at sensible prices. The restaurant manager also deserves a special mention - she was attentive, friendly but still maintained a fun personality. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing and Comfortable Experience,"I stayed at this hotel for 10 nights and could not be happier with the service and the people working at this hotel. From the moment I arrived, they made me feel welcome and made themselves available to me. The hotel is located in a quiet and desirable location. It has great character and charm. I enjoyed the breakfasts and the delicious Persian restaurant downstairs. Obe was one of the staff members who made sure my stay was seamless and pleasant. I greatly appreciated his help. Overall, I would give this hotel my highest recommendation to any traveler seeking a comfortable hotel at a reasonable price.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",One of my favourite places in London,"I discovered this place a month ago, and come in at least three times a week to get coffee or lunch. They take great pride in the freshness and quality of their food, the staff are brilliantly accommodating and friendly, and the decor is stunning! Massively recommended!",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome ,"I have to say in short, you should stay here. You will meet Very kind staffs and clean and nice room which seems more like traditional and historical room! Access to the hotel is so easy because of just a few steps from Warwick Ave underground station. Again, you should stay if you travel in London!",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice surface,"Nice surface and pictures on their webpage. Nonetheless, its service could definitely be improved. Our room was delayed and the welcoming in the beginning of our stay was a slow check-in and arrogant behavior.  The breakfast was nice but if you were late (half hour left until closing) most of the food was running out. We had to ask for more sausages, cheese, croissants, hot water etc.  Our room was located on the fourth floor and the only elevator, which was kind of scary, did not go further than the third floor. The room was nice but quite worn and torn. The goodbye was pleasant and the improved reception staff took very good care of the check out.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","""Classic London Hotel and Neighborhood""","This is a great boutique London hotel! If you are looking for a Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton type of hotel you are at the wrong place. If you are looking for the London experience of staying in a neighbourhood environment with all the small shops, ""GREAT"" Pub and great small boutique restaurants, then this place is perfect! The area is called Little Venice where British Royalty resides, not the queen and the royals but Londons famous royalty. You will have to find out for yourself who but it's very enlightening eating somewhere and next to you are people who helped made Britain famous.  Within walking distance is the Warwick Street Station, actually, you can see it from the hotel, 2 minutes if you walk slow. Just hop on the Bakerloo Line and it will take you to all the stops that are…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Old English,"Great Location, Friendly staff, a bit tired, quiet, food and drink on site and in the adjacent neighborhood.   short cab ride from Paddington Station.  Full english breakfast is included---but although plenty of choices the quality of the food needs improvement.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Just right,Lovely Hotel and a delightful room. Staff were friendly and helpful. We only had breakfasts but they had a good choice in a busy light room. This is a great place to stay if want to get into London easily the tube was 5 mins up the road. It was a good meeting place for our friends and a pleasant bar. Good to be able to park the car at the back of the hotel,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a welcome!,"This hotel is a stones throw from Warwick Avenue tube station and Little Venice. It's a beautiful, quirky building with a proud heritage. Alan Turing (enigma code breaker and computer scientist) was born here, and Sigmund Freud also frequented this premises (a suite is named after him).  I received the warmest welcome from the lovely girls on reception (those of you who have read my previous reviews know how important this is) and genuinely seemed pleased to see their bedraggled guest (it was tipping with rain on my arrival, so I was pleased the hotel was so close to the tube station!)   Nothing was too much effort, and my request for a quiet room on a high floor was accommodated with a smile.   An old lift (reputed to be one of the oldest working lifts in the uk) took me to the…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",OK for a 1 night stay,"We booked a room for one night after a trip to the Theatre. The location of the hotel is very good, being just a short walk to Warwick Ave underground station and Little Venice. We found the check in very pleasant, the staff were very friendly and made us feel welcome, though it would have been helpful if we had been shown to our room as it took us a few false starts before we found it. The public rooms are very well presented so it's a bit of a shame that the décor of room we had (9) wasn't of the same standard. The paper is in need of replacement, both on the walls and on the ceiling which showed signs of coming away at the edges. The room was very warm, which was nice on a cold day, but became rather stuffy at night, possibly because it is in the basement room with limited…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Incompetent and patronising,"There were so many problems with this hotel I'll only mention the worst. The lock on our hotel room did not work properly. We came back on four separate occasions after the room had been cleaned (I use the term loosely) to find our room unlocked, anyone could simply push the door open. When we went to complain at reception the last time the girl (Wanna) actually rolled her eyes at us. Simply terrible and possibly the worst hotel we've ever stayed in. Any budget hotel would have been better.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE PLACE. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL,"The hotel was a lovely hotel 15 year back, luxurious with a lot of attention to detail. But now it is a hotel nightmare! The check in was the worst I ever had, the receptionist asked me to send my reservation back because she could find me on the system. She was so rude that I couldn't believe it. She was so unprofessional and robotic. I was travelling from Dubai with a lot of luggage, they don't help you at all with it. I paid for one of the expensive rooms and they gave me the FREUD suite. The configuration is very odd, there is a lot of furniture disorganized, many chairs, and a terrible sofa. The room has a very small heater, the wall paper is peeling off from the walls and there was a bad smell coming from the bathroom. After 3 minutes in the room, I realized I couldn't…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling hotel...so disgusting we couldn't stay there and they refuse to now take phone calls and refund the room fee,"We booked the 3 bed apartment  for the night of the 22nd October 2017 via the hotel website. Having  booked AND PAID IN ADVANCE online, we arrived to find the apartment totally separate to the hotel which is not conducive when you have children who will go to bed earlier. The fact that it is a separate entrance is buried in the text on the website as the 18th point on the list of the room after things like complimentary WiFi!  This is ridiculous and should be flagged up at the beginning of the description so the prospective guest knows exactly what you are offering/what they are choosing.   Then there is the question of the awful quality of the accommodation for the incredible rate of £675!   This was what we were charged for one night in a shabby student flat with a disgusting…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best Quality Buy in Towb,"The hotel is comfortable, close to a subway station that takes you into the City within fifteen minutes to all relevant places, very friendly staff, good quality and very complete breakfast.  A really good place to stay.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade,"So I’m basing this off of my experience. We stayed here 7 days (9th-17th). We had the Freud Suite. We had an amazing experience. I was worried about the hot water situation since most have had issues, but not once did my husband or I have any issues. I took my showers at night and my husband took his showers in the morning. The bed was small, but comfortable. I have a bad back and was surprised that I was able to sleep so well.  There is a couch but unfortunately it sags in the center and is not very comfortable to watch tv. We did have an issue with the blinds. The button to open and close them did not work and we had to manually shut the one side. After the third or fourth night my husband went to close them and the whole curtain came down... we notified the front desk and…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade London,"A very nicely appointed hotel, lovely furniture and decorations, mainly in the style of a country house, I read of someone complaining of lack of water for taps and toilet, I then read in the paper that there was a burst water main nearby, that is totally our of the hotel staff remit, fixing water mains.  I ate breakfast at the hotel on the two mornings I was there, it was well done and there was plenty, staff very helpful, and nice, because I walk with crutches the receptionist asked if I would like to change rooms because of that, so I did not have to walk down the stairs, I was okay with a room down stairs and thanked her. Well worth staying at and I hope to stay again.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A very bad experience,"The location is great and the hotel is attractive. In almost every other respect, based on my recent experience, it is a very badly run hotel that shows complete contempt for its guests. I write this on my way to Gatwick after 2 days of intermittent hot/cold water in my room, no explanation until check out and no apology from staff. I will be reporting this to the booking service and writing to the company for a full refund. I would have spoken to the manager but despite being responsible for a hotel where the toilets did not have enough water to flush this morning, he did not bother to turn up for work until after I checked out at 9.46. Such a complete lack of respect for guests is disgraceful. I am aware there were water issues in the neighbourhood and this is not the fault of…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very happy with stay,Staff excellent. Breakfast good.Rooms good. Loved the old lift.Perfect for underground and Paddington station. Went to see Tamala Motown show. Great. Give china town a miss to expensive. Quite roads around hotel.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas present from my son,"Although this nights stay was a gift through Groupon on a special deal, the room we were allocated was a far cry from the pictures advertising the rooms in the hotel.  Small. Old lumpy uncomfortable bed.  Threadbare bed linen.  Window that did not lock. Air conditioning unit that could not be activated.  Bedside table lamps that flickered on/off when we tried to turn them on. Dusty and remnants of previous occupiers of the room.   Fully appreciate that this is an older style hotel and in need of redecorating in some areas, in a fairly good position and has a presentable dining room, but for a 4* rating the room we were given did not meet the standard expected.",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel - But,"We enjoyed our stay but had a couple of little things that made visit less than perfect.  My husband being the sweety that he is booked the romantic package but we were only give a glass of prosecco each rather than the bottle as advertised ( waiting to hear back from hotel about this) and no one collected our breakfast in bed order even though we hung it on the door when we went out for the evening, to be fair this was sorted in the morning when I phoned reception. We will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Staff,"It was a wonderful afternoon tea with some friends, the staff were very helpful specially Veronica. who was very well coming. She went out of her way to help after a small spillage on my clothing. Staff like her are very rare these days, she made our visit memorable.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,I have just completed another lovely stay at The Colonnade. I have been staying at this hotel for years and have just spent another comfortable week. As always the staff was friendly and welcoming and my room was very comfortable and quiet. The hotel is located in a most convenient and attractive neighborhood which is in close proximity to all of central London. Thank you again for making my stay with you so perfect.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quaint hotel in the heart of London,"I've stayed here twice, at this historical and pretty hotel. The building itself is quite old but charming, in a quiet location of Little Venice, just near the station and a gorgeous canal. My first time i stayed in a Junior Suite, which had a four poster bed and spacious bathroom. The second time in a standard classic room which was nice enough, but a bit disappointing as it was a lot smaller than what i had compare it to!  The breakfast both times have been sufficient, although the buffet is quite limited and service can be slow. I had dinner one evening and that was very tasty and good portion sizes. The staff are nice enough but i didn't really notice anyone go above and beyond. If anything i'd say they seemed a bit disorganised. Thankfully i got it on groupon both times but…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Girls night out,"It was really nice dinner with my friends at Banu restaurant. Nice staff, very friendly atmosphere and of course delicious food. I would really recommend the place if you are planning a nice pleasant dinner with friends. Special thanks to the chef!!!  Location is also very convenient, 2 mins walk from tube station!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Really charming,My room was very comfortable. The desk staff was very friendly and always helpful. The breakfast was delicious...smoked salmon and fluffy omelets. Terrific coffee.  Very easy to get around with three busses and one tube stop. I would definitely stay there again. Several good restaurants in the area.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Festive Afternoon Tea,"My daughter and granddaughter gave me this as a Christmas present , when we booked it we were told had to be used by certain date which being festive is understandable .  When we arrived we were disappointed  despite even going through the menu with the lady we booked with that the festive afternoon tea was finished . We also told the same lady that we had a dietary need of no nuts , cakes arrived with nuts on etc , we spoke to the manager after and he appeared to be very apologetic and told us to email him . we have and as yet have had no response to emails or telephone calls .  Very disappointed .",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel& Restaurant ,"I had a lovely experience at this hotel, staff are very welcoming and the decor is absolutely lovely. I dined in the restaurant here also and the food was of great standard and generous sized portions. I would defiantly recommend a visit.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Room!,My boyfriend and I stayed here for our anniversary and the hotel staff gave us a surprise upgrade to the Freud suite as I’m a psychologist which was absolutely spectacular! The most beautiful room we have ever stayed in and the staff were so polite and welcoming. Gorgeous old English decor and will most definitely be returning!,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dinner with friends,"I must say we enjoyed our dinner at the Banu in The Colonnade hotel! The staff was attentive and polite, everything tasted delicious! Time passed so quickly we didn’t even noticed how, as it was a flawless night with a laughter, drinks and food with a cake made specially for the night by a chef. Thank you!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel,Everything was nice and cosy (especially if you are in to these old-ish and historic hotels)! The staff was nice (and multilingual). I highly recommend! ...and by the way: Chirag was totally professional! Thanks!,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Restaurant,One of the best service I ever had. Situated on a great location. Amazingly tasty food. Big portions and came really quick. Very friendly and helpful staff. I would definitely recommend it. Veronica and Chirag,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Little Hotel in Amazing Neighbourhood,"ok... this is a very 'British' feel hotel which can be an issue for those not used to the UK and its style of old fashioned furniture and fittings. For me this hotel is perfectly nice in terms of room decor and cleanliness. However I did not appreciate the room in the basement with no windows I could open... feels too boxed in. Go for a ground floor or upper floor room. Public areas very nicely decorated, and the neighbourhood of Little Venice is simply stunning. Can highly recommend this location for London Sightseeing / Shopping thanks to very close tube station (150m to Warwick Avenue stop of the Bakerloo line).",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",New Year's Stay at The Colonnade,"This is an historic hotel in the upscale West End part of London - birthplace of Alan Turing, hosted visits by Sigmund Freud and President Kennedy!  It is older now, with an ancient creaky lift, but still charming. The first room I was assigned was tiny and no heat, but was then relocated to a better room. The staff are nice if a bit under-trained and overworked.  The Banu restaurant serves a nice full English breakfast and delicious Persian dinners.  ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",less than average,"very low standards hotel, the bed was awful, dirtiness all over, torn sheet, smell of mould, dirty carpet and overpriced. Although, it is next to Warwick avenue tube station and very nice pubs and restaurants.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel ever,"The linen on the bed was worn through and had holes.  The room had not been cleaned properly for a long time and the bathroom was filthy and disgusting.  There was damp patches on the walls of the rooms. The lamp shade one of the lamps had a hair on it.  There was feces in the toilet.  The restaurant in the basement meant that the whole hotel smelled of food and curry and it was not pleasant.  In the night we could hear snoring from the room next to us and when guests flushed the toilets it woke us up. The bed was old and to short for people over 1.70.  There was a hole beneath the door so there is no sound proof room, we could hear everything from the hall and I am sure that other guests would have heard us from outside our room. The lift was old and scary. It did not feel safe…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusted and very upset from the whole experience ,"On arrival the staff were helpful, we were just told where the room was no one showed us the room. When we entered the room we were shocked to see dirty curtains, stained carpets and very outdated bathroom but we were only there for one night so thought till the beds are clean it will be okay. The room was unbearably warm but as we had outside all day we found a warm room a comfort, but then we noticed two of the windows were left open and as it was -2 degrees outside we were puzzled why they should have been left open so the kids closed the windows . I checked the radiators and none were on so we thought this strange given the heat in the room . We ordered some lunch in the room, sandwiches and some welcome drinks, this took ages to arrive after speaking to several staff…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",EXCELLANT,"We had Christmas Lunch here , first class in every way.  This hotel is in a great position , truly old world charm and a welcome difference to the bland and sterile atmosphere of so many branded hotels ..  I was sceptical beforehand , having attended several christmas lunches beforehand even at 5 star hotels that proved disappionting .   But the food here was truly exceptional as well as the wine , coupled with first rate attentive service from the beginning to the end  .    Compilments to all of the staff that were on duty .    Thumbs up , this hotel is a gem .",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","pics dont match the place, no pancakes on a sunday and theres a live in cat","Stayed in July, was supposed to see Adele but she cancelled... it was 2 couple of ladies and when we booked it the pics looked quirky and cool. when we got there we got the first room that was in reception and a room that was obviously next to the subway/train tracks. both rooms were small and didnt match the pictures we had seen for the hotel being advertised. we paid for breakfast, to find out it was just continental. if we wanted a full english it would be an extra £17. came to the last day of our visit, we were gonna order and pay for breakfast to be told 'oh we dont do pancakes on a sunday'. bit strange like! staff didnt really have a clue, was very difficult to check in. had to sit in reception for over an hour after they said we could check in, to which we were greeted by…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Faded Charm,"I imagine The Colonnade was an amazing hotel 20 years ago. Today, the same old world charm (and, dare I say, enchantment) still exists, but age has taken its toll. I found The Colonnade on Hotels Tonight. As a traveler I hate staying in sterile, Holiday Inn-inspired rooms and was immediately drawn to The Colonnade’s history and uniquely appointed rooms. When I arrived for my one-night stay I found the shimmering tapestries and ornate furniture pictured online had a bit of a dusty quality to them in person. The cream coloured couches in the lobby were frayed around the edges and discoloured in places. Paint on the walls was peeling. The fridge in my room had a few bottles of wine and liquor that appeared to be randomly tossed in before quickly closing the door. But what The…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas Lunch,"Had a lovely experience, we were here for Christmas lunch and had a wonderful time. The spread was delightful and the service was impeccable! A definite stay and/or visit when in London.   A special thank you to Chirag, the manager and his team Arlene, Jay, Vlad, Veronica and chefs.   Thank again guys for the special memory on Christmas Day!   Bianca Heyns and family, from South Africa.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing!! Please note this is NOT a 4-star hotel anymore,"I reserved online, prepaid, non-refundable.  This was based on several previous stays, where the rooms were comfortable, spacious, clean and luxurious.  Upon check-in I was told I needed to pay an extra 80 pounds in order to UPGRADE to a room large enough for 2 (though my reservation had always been for 2).  The gentleman was insistent on collecting the money, did not allow me to see the room I was ""upgrading' to, as it was before check-out time.  I left my cases and returned a few hours later, to be let into a room that was not much larger than a closet, all the way up at the top (presumably a maid's room back in the day).  There was no way 2 people and their bags could comfortably fit.  On top of that, the room was filthy - black stains on the furniture, disgusting bathroom,…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Shocking ,"We arrived from Manchester having upgraded to a junior suite as we was going to the Harry Potter tour in Watford we dropped the bags off at around 12 as we couldn’t check in till 2. We had a lovely day at Harry Potter and returned around 8.30pm we where charged 180 pounds for the upgrade immediately, we walked into the room initially it looked as we had requested as we have 3 children. Then I walked in the bathroom there was sewage in the bath tub absolutely shocking I went straight back to reception and told them to come and look he was very apologetic but that’s ridiculous and he acknowledged they have a problem and he personally cleaned it as I deal with plumbing none of us used the bathroom in the hotel and checked out without breakfast at nearly 300 for the night. I…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A delightful setting for an afternoon tea.,"I visited here for the first time yesterday having found a special deal for afternoon tea on groupon. The setting is really lovely with really pretty colourfully upholstered chairs and sofas. You go downstairs to get into the room where the tea is served but it has a partial glass ceiling so it is very light and feels very spacious. Our tea was very good with as much tea to drink as we wanted and also a glass of prosecco each. There was a choice of four different finger sandwiches, two of each, a fruit scone with jam and cream for each of us and a good selection of small individual cakes. The service was quick and friendly and the room lovely and warm. Warwick Av tube station on the Bakerloo line is really near and the canals of lLittle Venice are just round the corner. I would…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",recent visit to a great hotel,Hi  We recently stayed at the above hotel which is one of my favorite venues . May i say what a great experience. Staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel has a great Art Deco ambiance   I often stay on business trips when in the area Breakfast is 10/10  ,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary break - great service and warm hospitality,We arrived mid afternoon to be greeted by a lovely lady on Reception who immediately offered us a seat and some details looking biscuits and we were thrilled to be given a complimentary room upgrade. The manager then came out to greet us and when he heard it was our anniversary he congratulated us and said he would give us a friend drink and celebratory dessert for our evening meal. Our room was beautiful spotlessly clean and well appointed. We dined in the restaurant and the service was both discrete and professional. The food was superbly presented and tasted amazing.  our waiter Vlad was smartly dressed polite and courteous at all times. I would highly recommend this hotel we couldn't fault it. The location was perfect for Little Venice and exploring city with the help of the…,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cold shower....everyday,"We have just returned home from London after staying at this hotel for 3 nights. The location is great; tube station is 2min walk away, pub just round the corner and a 24 hour Tesco 5mins up the road. The area was very quiet and we felt very safe walking around here. We had a great night's sleep. So why are we only rating it 2??  Well, on the first morning I went for a shower and there was no hot water. My husband tried to call the front desk from the phone in the room - the call buttons didn't work. We had to call from our mobile and were told that they would send maintenance up straight away. After 10mins it was clear nobody was coming so my husband went down to reception. Clearly other people were having the same issue as a woman could be heard shouting down the phone at the…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A life saver!,"I have a small flat in London which I recently had the locks changed on. Rather unfortunately I picked up the wrong set of keys, so found myself wondering from Hotel to Hotel at midnight in North West Lodnon. 6 fully booked hotels later, a mile of walking and countless phone calls, The Colonnade were the one ones with a room available.  The gentleman behind the desk was so lovely and had me checked in, in minutes in a cute little room.  I’ve stayed before and will definitely stay again. Thank you! ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",My first time back in 7 years,"I used to like this hotel more. I'm wondering if the ownership changed, because it used to be that everyone at the front desk was Italian, and that's no longer true.  The reason I used to like the hotel more is simple: they no longer offer the neighborhood rate with £25 taken off for no breakfast and then a little more. Now they talk about ""including the breakfast for no charge.""  Too bad.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Apalled, disgusted, disheartened.","I cannot begin to describe how disgusted I am with the service of this hotel.  We arrived at this hotel and the receptionist was so rude, she physically looked me and friend up and down and sneered, she made us feeling like we did not belong in your hotel. She bluntly asked us ""what we wanted"" and when I explain I had a booking she gave us another disdainful look. She eventually processed our booking and then proceeded to shoo us from the lobby as soon as possible, she did not explain where the facilities were or where our room was, she simply pointed and said follow the signs. Her rudeness made my friend feel that uncomfortable and insecure that she no longer wanted to dine at your hotel, which is what we had originally planed. I later asked if we could order drinks to our…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Needs to be upgraded,"We went there on a deal and stayed for 4 nights. The room we got was on the 4th floor, the elevator (which dates back to when the hotel was build) only went to the 3rd floor, we don't mind having to walk up one floor, but the steps on the stairs are very small and we slipped on the twice though without falling. The room was very hot the first couple of days and smelled like something was wrong with the bathroom (smelled like someone just pooped). The last two days the room was cold and no longer smelled, we couldn't open the windows - all 4 days we struggled with the water being cold, so showers were no pleasure.  The bed was good and the staff very friendly, we did have a problem with delivery of some tickets, but it was sorted out. The continental breakfast was the same all 4…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Poor room, good service","we stayed here for a couple of nights during midweek, the hotel is well positioned, close to tube line and Paddington station.  The hotel itself is very dated and the room we stayed in was very poor.  The bathroom was dirty and in poor condition.  There was no hot water for a shower on the first morning and the water which did come out was not strong enough to shower in.  The hotel is also located right over the tube lines which you can hear whilst the trains are running.  On the plus side the staff we meet were friendly enough.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charged twice for our stay! Worst hotel experience in a lifetime of travel,"I still feel a bit sick to my stomach about this. The Colonnade knowingly charged me twice for the same room: $1416 for five nights, plus $1006 in cancellation penalties for the same room, penalties they had full discretion to waive, all because of a double-booking error.  In fairness, the double-booking error was mine, but with no harm intended or suffered by the hotel and plenty of time to fix the issue. While the Colonnade has insisted their hands were tied, that the second reservation I made via Booking.com could not ""be cancelled or modified due to the terms and conditions with our third party partner,"" that is not true! In fact, Booking.com actually intervened on my behalf to request that the Colonnade allow the cancellation and fully waive the fees including their…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely underwhelmed. ,"We purchased a package deal off Groupon, reading the reviews, we thought we were in for a lovely treat and didn't hesitate. We booked a junior suite, including breakfast and dinner. We stayed for one night as we were going to watch the football, we stayed on a Saturday night and were charged and additional  £30 as it is ""a busy night"" which it did not clearly state on Groupon. We were willing enough to pay as we expected complete luxury. The pictures attached are what we received. A dirty, grimy bathroom with lime scale lining the taps, peeling furniture, stained lamp shades, random stickers on the walls left by previous guests and, overall, A rather bleak experience. There was literally a chunk missing out of the wooden dresser. (Bearing in mind, this was meant to be the luxury…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A STEP BACK IN TIME,"From the moment you step into the living room/reception area of this stately non-chain hotel you are immediately surrounded by life ""the way it used to be"": refined, courteous, a little over done and very anxious to please.  The rooms are charming with all the modern amenities but not at the expense of old-school decor and charm.  The staff however are through and through up to the moment in abilities to make your stay effortless - scan or fax business documents or boarding passes, computer access and a tireless amount of energy and desire to help with any issue that may come up.  Little Venice itself is a charming area to base a visit to London in and the Colonnade and its staff will make you want to return often.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mr Spencer Jones ,"As a frequent hotel visitor worldwide I just felt compelled to mention this particular hotel.Customer guest relations in general is not as it used to be,particularly in London. I've just been greeted by Oana,a remarkable young lady who has just restored my faith in public relations. Such a pleasure,courteous,professional and helpful and I'm so looking forward to the rest of my stay.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","""We don't have a problem "". ...other than our 4 Stars !","Having been booked into this Hotel by a friend who lives nearby in Maida Vale I was reasonably happy on getting off the local Tube to see the impressive front entrance which warmly welcomed me through and into its compact but well appointed reception area....from here it soon went down hill.... Rather than be shown to my room , my room was merely pointed to...yes, that is correct , my room was 3m from the reception desk !! No wonder the reception was so small, they'd squeezed a room into it....mine !!!! So , not wanting to be a pain I entered my room and unpacked . The room was obviously small but well appointed so I opened the curtain to allow some light in and noticed my bed that looked like a rough sea at best. Switched the shower on and after 2 then 5 then 10 minutes I could…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, great location!","Stayed for one night as a present from my boyfriend. We paid the upgrade to get a better room however the room wasn't brilliant and quite dark and small. My boyfriend went and asked if we could be moved as it was a special occasion for us and they tried to make him pay another upgrade but eventually they let us move to a better one without another payment. The second room was on the top floor and much better - bigger and a nice view of London.   The location is brilliant, two minutes walk from Warwick Avenue tube station. Perfect for getting into central London.   We had breakfast included which was ok, some pastries, toast and yoghurt but nothing special. I would not pay the extra for this if it wasn't already included.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A couple of night at the Colonnade,"A lovely hotel in a good location. The staff were very attentive and pleasant and the continental breakfast more than adequate. However, our room, No. 8 on the ground floor, was disappointing. It had no view, in fact to disguise this the windows were covered and, though comfortable, the room needed a major upgrade to get it up to the standard of the rest of the hotel. The bathroom, too, was badly in need of a refit. Next to the lift, it wasn't the quietest and people could clearly be heard in the room above.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","The Apartment is rundown, broken-down and dirty!","We booked 4 nights in the Colonnade hotel's apartment - we stayed two nights - after the first night we requested a refund so we could move to another hotel it was so bad! The hotel moved us into two rooms in the hotel, this was better.... but back to the apartment.  The apartment is on the 1st, 2nd & 3rd floors, up very narrow and steep stairs - but this is London..... only a few of the lights on the stairs were working and the window was filthy. 1st floor is the living room and kitchen. The living room was very sparsely furnished, the lounge was filthy and threadbare. The kitchen was very rundown and dirty, the glass doors onto the (very dirty) terrace were in desperate need of a good clean! The kitchen cabnetry was broken and ill fitting.  2nd floor master bedroom and…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, however not a four star hotel ","The location is fantastic! The architecture of the exterior of the hotel is beautiful. The building is all lightened up at night which is nice to come back to. It looks so great on the website, and it could be an outstanding boutique hotel.... But, the glory days has gone - it's in need for a face lift, without a doubt. Definitely not a four star hotel, a 3-star is more accurate. Not sure how to describe this hotel. It gives me the feeling of being in a movie, back in time, and the hotel is the scene. It'd be an amazing Halloween setting for a large group of family & friends, who would book the entire premises, or a Murder Mystery party event. The lift gives you the feeling it's about 150 yrs old, after four days we started to like it, it's quirky, quaint and different. Like…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel with lots of history and character in a great location,"Our stay was booked as a thank you by a family member  We did contact the hotel prior to our stay to arrange parking and afternoon tea  Upon arrival everything was executed as requested, i asked if it was possible to upgrade my room at all. I had not seen my room, but i wanted to see what the hotel offered  A staff member ""Dana"" showed me the options,upgrades are offered in tier rates so easy to explain what the new rate for the chosen room would be  The old school lift is part of the charm of the hotel, with some parts of the hotel being quite modern while others are honestly vintage  The location was great for a Sunday walk  Used both the restaurant and bar, nice food and nice service  Will stay again - very enjoyable",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A very mixed bag,"If a hotel were reviewed solely on the basis of the graciousness of the staff, then this hotel would rate 5 stars. But it is sorely in need of refurbishing, with an ancient elevator, temperature controls that do nothing, and a general sense of being worn out. The restaurant downstairs, with a middle-eastern accent, is OK.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in the uk we have ever stayed in,"My husband booked this on laterooms as we had to attend a funeral early the following morning. We arrived at the hotel at around 8pm. Waited at reception for a while and eventually the receptionist arrived, checked us in, gave us a key and pointed us down the corridor to the lift. We waited. And waited. The receptionist saw us sill standing there and left us to it. Eventually she said it must be broken again do you want to walk up. We started walking up, following her. We were in room 18. I told her we had reached room 18 but she said no, it's up here...I was stood outside room 18.....  We let ourselves in, it was small, dark, dirty and disgusting. The two windows had frosted glass. There was a broken aircon blocking half of one window. The carpets were stained, the lampshades…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Secret Escapes Break,"We booked through Secret Escapes which has always been a fab break and booking. On this occasion it was not so good. Before we arrived I sent the hotel an email ahead of a arrival to ask how much and if I could pay to upgrade and ensure we had a room with a bath not just a shower and a king size bed. It was almost a joke that the responses did not correlate with the emails I had sent, it became frustrating so I asked if a manager could take over the request on email. A gentleman confirmed all would be ok and confirmed the amount I would have to pay on arrival for the upgrade. On arrival it was as if I had never emailed! I tried to explain even forwarded the email trail again, the Receptionist tried to blame secret Escapes when Secret Escapes had not been involved in the email…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel perfect located near the metro station,Very fiendly Italian staff. The room was clean but we got underground level. The restaurang served an acceptable breakfast. A positive thing was the we were served a free afternoon tea which was really good. But the menu in the restaurang shows more than they actually could offer. We recmmend the hotel but not the restaurang,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing much,"A four star hotel in need of renovation. The staff in reception very friendly and helpful. The staff in restaurant tired, forgetful and not very serviceminded. Location is great. Quiet neighbourhood and just near the subway. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Return visit ,"After a great stay at the start of summer, my girlfriend and I returned for an end of summer treat.   Still a gem of a hotel, with beautiful rooms and delicious breakfast. Also such a warm and welcoming team, starting to feel like a home away from home.  We plan to return with friends in a couple of months, looking forward to seeing The Colonnade Team once more.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Short break to celebrate anniversary,"Hotel is in a great location within a few minutes of a tube station. Staff are really friendly. Reception and restaurant areas really lovely. However, hotel room, although clean and with a comfortable bed, still was disappointing for the price and breakfast not included. The decor was rather tired and the bathroom layout awkward and a very pathetic shower. Windows could'nt be opened as the cords were broken. The kettle was positioned behind a lamp on the edge of a desk. We asked for the milk and tea to be replenished via reception, but to no avail.  Breakfast and service in the restaurant is good, but pricey.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel goes out if its way to help,We were moved to this hotel from another one in the same group which had had a technical failure on one of the floors. The staff could not have been more helpful in overcoming the transport problems that this move caused (albeit paid for by the original Hotel (The Elizabeth in Lancaster Terrace.) In particular Oana on reception was a delight and is an asset to the hotel never failing to go the extra mile.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,"I don't like leaving bad reviews but feel that for the price we were let down. We were in room 9 the basement . Didn't find it noisy but smelt heavily of damp, carpet was very stained bed vey uncomfortable and bed linens threadbare.  To be fair tho the carpet was stained it felt clean as was the bathroom. Furniture was badly marked and in need of replacing. The public areas were lovely and the staff were excellent. Thankfully we were out most of the time as the room did not have a pleasant atmosphere to sit in. It was a shame as the room was a good size and had comfortable seating. From the reviews I assume the other bedrooms are better. Sorry but wouldn't return I do feel that if a room is for sale it should be of a good standard",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed with the shower,Hotel is in a nice location decorated in an old English style.     Positives Bed comfortable  Nice size room  Negatives  No hot shower.  First time ever I've had a near cold shower when staying in a hotel.  Strong Cooking smells from breakfast and dinner coming up from the kitchen below the room.  ,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Distinctly Average Overall.,"The hotel is well located, easy to find from the tube.   On arrival the receptionist was lovely. Very polite and friendly (i didn't get her name but she was a brunette, perhaps of Southern American or Spanish decent) Unfortunately the same can not be said for the receptionist on duty when we left who was quite unhelpful, inattentive and not particularly friendly (blonde hair and I think Eastern European).  Moving on.... - The room was dated but of a good size and comfortable. However, it did smell damp.  - It was quite noisy, partly due to the tube line nearby but there was also some kind of generator that was humming throughout the day and night that got intermittently louder and quieter in 5 minute bursts.  - The phone, trouser press and iron all didn't work.  - There wasn't a…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Staff incredibly helpful. Hotel Bedrooms tired looking.,Some confusion at check-In and agreed bed request not followed through. Room was supposed to be a 'Club' room. It was very very small and up a level beyond the lift's capability. The stairs were steep and terrible with luggage. Room fixtures in need of repair.,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little Venice,"This was our second stay here within 6 months (we loved it the first time!) I was slightly more disappointed with the room choice this time though; we were placed in what essentially would have been the basement, and every few minutes at night we could hear and feel the vibrations of the tube train at Warwick Avenue! Very off-putting and irritating during the night. However, the bed was comfortable and food very good (especially the afternoon tea) The staff were attentive and friendly and you can see the tube station from your window, so it's in an ideal location too.  The whole vibe of the hotel is certainly charming and quaint, but it is in slight need of some refurb to bring it a bit more up to date (including new bed sheets, the odd nail fixing here & there and a lick of…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty bedrooms - Blood stains, hair in bed, wet bedding, toenail clipping on floor, dusty",We arrived tired and keen just to freshen up and get out. So we were not being picky...But my husband had booked an upgraded room. We were given a room on the 3rd floor that was the quality of a commercial hotel. The bed sheets were not aired or ironed and there was a hair under the pillow suggesting the bed had been slept in. The furniture was tatty and the room needed a good dust - I could write my name in it. So my husband asked for a better room. This time the sheets were wet - really wet - the bed valance had blood stains on it. To cap it all there was a big toe nail clipping in the middle of the carpet. At this point I just wanted to leave. The receptionist pleaded with us not to go and offered us free drinks and a main course (we did not take her up on the food) and a…,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel.......but,"If you don't like lugging your luggage up a narrow winding staircase between the 3rd and 4th floors don't request a room on the top floor! If, when requesting the top floor, I had been informed the elevator only reaches the 3rd floor I might have thought more about my request. Having said that I must say Room 41 was comfortable and spacious but the mattress was not the best we have ever slept on. Breakfast? OK is as much as i would say.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A lovely hotel, well situated","Stayed two nights at the Colonnade and thought the hotel was excellent. The breakfast was very good with the cooked breakfast freshly cooked with a good choice. We had a standard room which was on the small side but a big wardrobe to store everything and a good sized bathroom. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is ideally situated for Warwick Ave tube station and the canal (5 mins walk) or a 15 min walk to Paddington Station, along the canal, where the whole area has been redeveloped with some nice restaurants. Located in a residential area we found the hotel extremely peaceful away from the hustle and bustle of London. We will definitely use the Colonnnade again for staying in London",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing! Disorganised staff and mixed messages,"I booked this hotel for one night. I stopped. Y the day before to see if early check in was available if a room was available. I was told if one was free I could otherwise I could leave my bags.  I arrived the next day on the day of my reservation at 830am. I was immediately told check in is at 2pm and I could leave my bags. I explained to the same receptionist that she had stated if there as a room available then I would be able to check in early. Her manager came and went to see if there was a room available. She then told me, I have a club room for £30 upgrade. I said that was fine. I handed her my credit card. Her manager then came out and said I would have to pay an additional £40 for checking in early. These types of practices are usually reserved for a Premier Inn and not…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",High Expectations Unmet,"We had a special weekend planned for us and arrived with great anticipation.  From the outside the hotel looks lovely.  Inside it has character but I feel that when you manage such a place you still have to maintain it e.g. it needs a lot of TLC - change the carpets, paint the walls, repair window frames, update the bathrooms etc.   The receptionist greeted us with a red eye and asked us to sign some paperwork.  I couldn't bear to hold the pen she was using for fear of conjunctivitis, however she was friendly and kept our luggage whilst the room was being prepared.  The desk area btw needs updating - it felt like Fawlty Towers with all the messy paperwork screens where you could not actually see who you were talking too.  When given our room I had to go back to reception.  It…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great place, Excellent staff, Delicious food","I stayed here 2 nights with my friends. Hotel was clean, modern and comfortable. Breakfast was included and had a good selection. Staff is really friendly and willing to help,especially Isabela,she was very kind and very personable. So we felt like we are home .  Certainly one of the cleanest, friendliest, and most pleasant hotels that we have stayed in  London. We will return again soon !! Many thanks Colonade Hotel.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Highly recommended,The service was excellent and the staff very friendly! The rooms were clean and tidy. It was the perfect location for holidays in London. I highly recommend it for every type of visit. I hope we will back  soon!,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The single worst hotel stay I have ever had.,"I'm writing this review on night 3 of a 3 night stay.   My wife and I are expecting our first child in December so we booked this trip as a treat before she couldn't fly anymore.   We stayed at this hotel before and had a lovely time. What has happened to it in the last 2 years? I am truly puzzled as to how much worse the entire experience has been.    In short, why is this the worst hotel stay I have ever had?  Moved to 3 rooms for various reasons and currently our passports are locked in our safe which can not be opened.   The longer version:   Day 1: We have to change room as water starts coming in through the ceiling because the roof leaks when it rains heavily.   We're moved next door to a similarly sized suite. Turns out that the room has been repainted within the week…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",1st Wedding Anniversary ,"We stayed for two night's at your hotel to celebrate our 1st Wedding Anniversary. The setting was absolutely beautiful, we adored the wonderful buildings in the area and the peaceful surroundings.  Oana, the lovely lady at your fabulous desk was very helpful and so polite. You have definitely got a great member of staff there, her smile was beautiful, just the right welcome after a long journey. In fact all of your staff whom we met were.   We had continental breakfast which was very good. Love the fact you can help yourself to as much or as little as you want.  I also adored the little welcome letter with the handmade brownies. Such a thoughtful thing to do.  We will definitely return one day as everything about our stay was memorable.   Thank you so much. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap & the price reflects the experience,"Little Venice is known for it being a wealthy, clean area and we definitely expected more from the hotel. It's a small hotel, and the room was beyond small. First, our room was located IN THE LOBBY. That limited our privacy. Then the room was so small, that could even have both of our suitcases open at the same time. Room service changed the prices on the same items anytime we ordered & I requested a blow dryer and was given a broken one. For the price, if you want to stay in London & in a beautiful area, then yeah, this hotel does the trick. But not what I was expected by any means. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,"Amazing hotel, was made very welcome on arrival we were served a complimentary drink of our choice. Rooms are clean and tidy. and I love the idea of the mobile phone provided in the room. we defiantly be booking again.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming in a lovely area of London.,"The 'little venice' area is absolutely charming and the hotel is close to pubs, theater, and the Warwick avenue underground. The colonnade is an older hotel with one of the oldest working lifts in London. If you are on the 4th floor, you will have to carry your luggage up 1 flight as the lift only goes to the 3rd floor. Rooms are small but quaint. The restaurant has fantastic Persian food. The staff is nice and helpful. A cool feature- they have a cell phone you can take with you so you don't have to use your data for maps etc. And it is where Alan Turing , the famous computer scientist and code breaker, was born. There is an 'Alan Turing' suite too 😀",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location with cosy rooms! ,"Had a night stay and was pleasantly surprised to see the English character survived still in a London Hotel. The Deluxe rooms are lovely, four poster beds and little balconies. You can't find this often in London. Breakfast was delicious, A la carte English but they have a buffet as well for continental. Helpful staff. Will return with family as they have family rooms as well. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I couldn't have been happier,"Excellent service from kind, patient, helpful, professional & personable staff, who made our short break truly enjoyable. A comfortable room, very clean & quiet.We also really enjoyed the breakfast that the hotel provided, it was great being able to woke up and have breakfast at the hotel before we headed out for the day. Thank you and WE DEFINETLY WILL COME BACK .",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous stay,It was our wedding anniversary and told the hotel so in advance. The room was prepared with extra effort to create a special atmosphere. Staff was friendly and ready to offer a help needed. Thank you!,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"Chose hotel mainly for location and hoping the general theme of the reviews was exaggerated , but afraid not . Place needs serious refurbishment whole place looks and feels grubby , bathroom was really unpleasant with tepid water , reason given when reported is we were 'showering at peak times' !! . Service at breakfast was appalling , forgot order , no cutlery , dirty bowls although the actual good was tasty. Clearly targeting single trip overseas visitors with their free smartphone use , but money would be better spent on the basic quality . Cannot see how they still state they are 4 star hotel. Don't give them your money might make them think about investing some of it , looks like a decent Novotel in Paddington Central 5 mins away",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What is happening at The Colonnade ?,"I am a regular in this hotel, but I noticed that it is going in the wrong direction, and quite fast. Which is a pity because I really like it there. The rooms are in dire need of renovation, cracks in tiles and woodwork, the window are from the last ice age, paint is peeling, carpets are dirty. To a certain extend this was the hotel's charm, but it is too much now. They used to provide quality newspapers, now they just give you the freebe you can collect at the metro station. They used to offer apples, not anymore, no more bathroom slippers either. All small things, but it adds up. At breakfast the two young girls were completely lost as there were maybe 6 or 7 tables busy, so nobody served me until I was ready to leave. All the time rap music blaring at you, so not very…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A certain charm?,"As one can see from the reviews on Trip Advisor this place gets s very mixed opinion! It's London so the rooms are bound to be small and they are! Aircon was loud, bathroom basic but to be fair the room was ok. There was tea and coffee and a safe. No coat hangers though? Toilet flush was a bit dodgy too? But the receptionist was very pleasant and the hotel has a certain charm. Location is ok too as it's only a two minute walk from Warwick Ave tube on the Bakerloo line. Breakfast was typically expensive for London but the breakfast room was very pleasant with a glass roof...nice when it's sunny outside. Didn't stay for dinner but apparently it's Persian and pretty good? Would I come back? Probably not as there are so many other options in London but it's not too bad ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Not just tired, exhausted!","Pleasant staff, but the hotel is in serious need of refurbishment. Although we were staying in what was considered a suite there was no hot water, no face cloths, no tissues, and the electric kettle was broken. The hotel directory claimed we had a fruit bowl of apples and a trouser press, not present. The paint was chipped and the overall appearance was depressingly grim. The carpets and fittings were stained and grubby. Breakfast was surprisingly good, but not good enough to ever step into the place again.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump!,"This is our second time staying at the hotel because of its Little Venice location...but never again. The first time (4 years ago) they gave us a tiny room on the top floor. We could barely squeeze our suitcase in! So, this time we booked a suite. The bathroom was filthy. Cracked tiles, black, mouldy grout.  The room smelled even after maid service. There is a noisy cafe outside the hotel. Smoke from the sheisha pipes was disgusting. It is not a 4 star hotel as advertised.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Living in a Past Glory Alas...,"Sigmund Freud lived here for several months a long time ago awaiting renovation of his new home. JFK stayed here in 1962! Really!! Alas, those were a long, long time ago and today the Colonnade is only a shadow of its former self. Built in the Victorian era of the late 19th century this hotel has seen many changes and it really needs more. Our room was adequate in size but the lampshades and carpet were stained and not well cleaned. WiFi and A/C worked well and the teapot did a grand job. On one day of our stay we returned in mid-afternoon being caught in the rain to find the room was not made up and it took over an hour for housekeeping to even begin. Accounting could not tell us our final charges because the reservation was made online through a service. We had an ""upgrade"", a…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Try to stay away,"The property is a lovely town house but once you step in it is more like a haunted house. Very run down hotel which could be lovely if the owner would invest in hard- and software.  The rooms including the apartment which is on offer is in the 70's or early 80's. The carpets are tacky and I wasn't brave enough to step on them barefooted, the bathrooms are basic and don't offer any shower gel but funny enough shampoo and conditioner...  The breakfast though is rather good and you can choose hot items form the menu which are very tasty. But it is a place you want to feel comfortable to stay rather then looking forward to the breaky only. So i would not go there anymore and rather stay in other places.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",One of Londons gems,"Hotel is located less then a minutes walk from the nearest underground in a beautiful quaint area. Upon check in, we were greeted my name with a warm smile. Felt we were in good hands. The room was incredibility spacious with a semi walk in wardrobe. In room radio was playing music as we walked in and we felt right at ease. The mini bar was too temping on display on the table! Extremely comfy beds. Breakfast was standard but the hotel offered lots of charm in the hotel. I can't wait to stay again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Needs improvement.,"We stayed here using a Groupon deal & it was the first time that we had ever experienced any difference in service when using Groupon.  Reception staff were unfriendly & rude.  The room was absolutely shocking that should not of been open to guests in relation to the health & safety hazards in the bathroom and the bedroom.  The restaurant downstairs lacked atmosphere & we chose not to eat here as we had concerns regarding the cleanliness of the kitchen & quality of the food.  The manager will offer a complimentary return visit but we wouldn't want to stay again. If the hotel could provide 4 star ""luxury"" service the 1st time people would return & pay.   This is most certainly not a 4 star hotel I wouldn't class it as a 1 star hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Full of Charm,Located in a mostly residential area The Colonnade was once a double mansion. It has lots of history.  What makes it worthy is the feeling you can only get in a small hotel where the staff knows and welcomes you. It is not super luxury but the rooms are spacious and well appointed.  We usually book a junior suite. Several times we have been in the suite where Sigmund Freud stayed.  For us breakfast is included and is served in the restaurant located in the lower level. The full English breakfast is very satisfying.  If you need a place for several days you can get comfort and feel at home at The Colonnade.  ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Awful awful awful,"If only there was 0 stars. Absolutely dreadful, on first appearance I thought the hotel looked beautiful.. 'from the outside & the outside only' as we were early for check in we were told our room would be ready at 2pm.. we went away and came back to sit in the lobby to find a dirty cat bed and toys behind one of the chairs (not what you expect for a 4* 'luxury hotel') - their words not ours! We were given room No.2 from the second I walked in the room was small, dark and dingy. With a view of an air conditioning unit. There were marks all over the walls, the light fitting was loose and the bathroom was vile!! Once we got into bed we realised that we were the basement room.. every 5 minutes the rumbling of the tube below us kept us awake all night. We complained the next morning…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Enigma is how they retain 4 star status,"The enigma reference is to Alan Turing who stayed in this building until his death in 1954 - he surely would have left if still alive today! Despite a ground floor room,different floor levels meant it is not for the disabled. We arrived late at 10.30pm and no one at the bar,so headed for our unclean room with a bathroom which would not pass muster in a prison. So outdated,as were all the furnishings and decor,as to be frozen in the 1970s. Noise from an adjacent room until 1am then again at 7am,  probably a welcome relief from the noise from our ancient air con machine which was like being in a prop plane. And the 'breakfast ' - nothing cooked available,not even a boiled egg! The choices were chocolate cake (yugh!) diced melon and 2 cold cuts - 1 cheese and 1 piece of ham. A poor…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Complementary return trip,"After speaking to Dev Nandy the Manager of the Colonnade Hotel about our previously disappointing visit, and excepting the kind explanation given by Dev, we were invited back for a complementary visit which took place on 24/6/17. Upon this occasion we found a much improved experience, the staff were friendly and helpful, the room was delightful, and the breakfast service which was our major issue with our last visit, ran smoothly, food was delicious and the staff were polite and attentive to all customers that morning. We would like to thank everyone at the Colonnade for allowing us to re-visit and experience the hotel as it truly is, delightful.  I would also add that the management of this hotel do truly have the customers best interest at heart which is a wonderful thing in…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Please ... avoid !!!!,"I had the misfortune of booking 1 night at this hotel on a Thursday evening, through a last minute deal. I paid 130gbp instead of 235 gbp , for a single room. WHAT A MISTAKE. The room i received was no more than a closet - probably a total of 10 m2 , the smallest room i have staid in, in the last 20 years at least. Not only small, but tired small is how I would describe it. Plumbing / bedding etc all sub-standard. Well at 130gbp per night it was only half a rip off. Imagine when it is full priced.... It was  enough to make me swear, though, that i will never set foot again in the place. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",In need up upgrade,"We were supposedly upgraded to best room in the hotel as ours had blocked sink when we arrived. If this was best I would hate to see worst! The good... Bed was very comfortable, room had great view. The bad... Carpet was worn, shower couldn't get wet in cause was so old and lime scaled, bath tiles comming off underneath bath, grouting comming out, the window ledge/ door was very dirty not been cleaned for while, wallpaper comming off,sofa bed wouldn't attempt to sleep in, mattress on bed about 4 inches too small for bed. The whole room needed cleaning and was very dingey and In need of doing up. My opinion no more than 3 star. Definitely not 4! Area was lovely. We stayed on a deal but if paid full price would beVERY disappointed.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a facelift,"I have stayed in many old hotels - most recently the Les Trois Rois in Basel- so know that old hotels can be wonderful if they are maintained.  The Colonnade has not been maintained.  Examples;  carpets are old and smelly, tile surround of the tub was coming off, toilet seat would not stay up, paper holder coming off wall.  The bed was just a boxspring and mattress sitting on the floor - no bed frame.  Extremely small room- had to walk sideways to get to other side of bed.  No plug in bathroom for hair dryer.  Location is the only positive - quiet neighborhood close to transporation. ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Flawless in every way,"What do we look for when we try to book a property for a few days or maybe even many days?  Affordability of course is top of the list, then comes comfort, accessibility, service, cleanliness and yes, the warmth and the hospitality. If The Colonnade falls within your budget then it scores aces on all of these fronts. The rooms are some of the largest I've ever experienced in London, the area itself is very quiet and elegant, the breakfast is perfect and the service and hospitality is impeccable. And yes, I forgot to mention the location, it is a minutes walk from the metro station and bang in the middle of London. Go for it!!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Place to stay,I stayed here on a business trip and it was a real find. The staff were great- Bita and Oana (i hope that's the right spelling) I had a good night's sleep and the breakfast was excellent. It was close to the tube and there were some very pleasant coffee shops and restaurants nearby. I think this hotel will become my regular place to stay in London.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Loved my stay!,"I have just had a perfect week long stay at the Colonnade Hotel..the only hotel I would ever stay in when I visit London. As always, I was made to feel so comfortable and welcome. My room was comfortable and peaceful. The staff, was lovely. Thank you as always. I will be looking forward to another stay in the near future.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great traditional hotel ,"A really good hotel in central London with very good staff and location. Our room was very nice and quiet, also a good size and traditional furniture. It was nice to stay in a characterful English hotel. The associated restaurant was a great Persian restaurant.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice stay!,This is a lovely hotel and the staff are very helpful and friendly. Although the rooms are a little tired looking (taking in accounts it's a 200 odd year old building) we really found them comfortable and cozy. The afternoon tea and breakfast were very nice and all fresh.   There's also a gorgeous house cat walking about but he's pretty hard to spot! ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect stay ,"Stayed here over the bank holiday weekend for a few nights. Great hotel, amazing location (Warwick avenue is literally a few steps away and gets you into central in under 10 mins).   Room was beautiful - high ceilings, four poster bed and massive windows opening up to overlook the hotel's terrace. Breakfast was great, we enjoyed this once in our room and then on the garden terrace in the sun! The restaurant also serves Persian food - our first try and it did not disappoint.  Hotel has a resident cat too (Minnie) who adds a nice, homely touch.  We will definitely be returning again! ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quick Visit,"We stayed for one night in a club double on the 4th floor.  The room was clean but a little tired, particularly the bathroom. The air conditioning was welcome and the bed comfortable.  We had booked a parking spot which as it turned out was the only one so if you will need it make sure you book early.  Breakfast was good with a good choice.  ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Marvelous location; fabulous, kind, friendly employees; wonderful hotel and rooms; would love to stay there again!","My friends and I traveled to London and stayed at the marvelous Hotel Colonnade, wonderfully and conveniently located in Little Venice, London.  The staff was so warm and friendly, extremely helpful (ie. printed out boarding passes the night before our departure back home), knowledgeable the area -- or would look up the information for you, and the hotel felt more like a wonderful home rather than a cold, typical hotel.  It is somewhat bohemian, interesting, and unique.  It's not a Holiday Inn, Marriott, or standard hotel; it had endless character.  The staff were great and made you feel very welcomed.  Extremely helpful and very pleasant, and the hotel seemed immaculate at all times.  A tube station is about a 1 minute walk away, so it was a great location if you need the Tube…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Great Location.","A nice hotel in an excellent location, close to Warwick Avenue tube and Lord's cricket ground. The surrounding area is lovely and quiet. Rooms were clean and well presented, staff made check in and out nice and easy.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Pleasant, friendly hotel and handy to Lords","Good value hotel very close to Warwick Ave Tube and less than 15 minutes walk  from Lords, great if you are going to a match.  Standard rooms and bathrooms are small but quiet.  The reception staff are friendly.  Breakfast was good. Decor was a nice change from usual minimalist modern style. Lots of books on notable Tories in the foyer! Some interesting looking cafes/restaurants behind the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice quite hotel in beutiful suroundings,"Excellent service and standard. Maybe a little small size bed, but a really nice stay :-)Located next to Little Venice and 15 min tube to down town London. Nice and quite area, upper class recidenses.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel with a nice staff. Special thanks to Margherita. Very professional and kind person. I will comeback.:),"Room very nice and clean. Hotel is in a calm area.Near a metro station, what helps to move in London. Lovely hotel with a nice staff. Special thanks to Margherita. Very professional and kind person. I will comeback.:)",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mr G Wyatt,"I have just completed my stay with yourselves for my other halves birthday.  Staff were extremely welcoming, friendly and extremely helpful which is what promoted me to leave a review which I have never done before   I paid extra as it was a special occasion for the package with drinks, meal, rose petals, 4 poster bed  via groupon and was extremely happy with the stay.  Meal in the Persian restaurant down stairs was beautiful and came out in a timely manner.  The finishing touches to the room make this a great place to stay for a special occasion.    ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful quiet neighborhood,"Room and facilities very nice, despite, literally, the oldest elevator in the city. The neighborhood of Little Venice is a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of London, but minutes from the Tube.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A marvelous short-time stay in an oasis,A quiet  and idyllic place in London´s centre - Is that possible at all ? Yes it is: The Colonnade is such an oasis. Friendly staff combined with a high service level in a charming art noveau ambience.   We enjoyed our stay in London at The Colonnade very much. Thank you !  Josi & Frank,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden Gem in London,"Stayed there last week end. Located in the charming quarter of Little Venice. The personnel/management is iranian. Perfectly located - 100 metres away from the next underground station..and then in the centre of London in 10 min time. Thd rooms are spacious.. we were on the second floor in number 25 just above the polo terrace. Very nice view. Beds are very high, around 75 - 80 cm..you need ""to climb to bed "" Staff is more than friendly..especially Norra and Bita . I'd like to mention above all Minnie the Cat.. permanent resident for 14 years, "" PR Manager ""to the Colonnnade .. I am a coffee addict and the double espresso is just marvellous Will stay there again next time  ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and Convenient ,"The hotel is situated close to the subway station, so close to the City. It is nicely decorated and comfortable. It is a very English hotel. Breakfast is good and extensive. It is a good place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy accomodation,"Very cool hotel close to Warwick Avenue tube station (2 minutes walk), in Little Venice romantic surroundings. Lovely rooms, clean and quiet, and super friendly staff (Maria, Maggie, Aimée...). The atmosphere is great, and the Persian restaurant is worth trying. Deserves another visit...    ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great and authentic!,"We booked this hotel for the nights we were staying in England. We wanted somewhere authentic feeling for London. This hotel was perfect for the two of us. 15 min walk to paddington down town. Bed was super comfy and we had a great view with being on the top floor in the corner. The whole place is tight and cozy, not like a standard cookie cutter hotel. We will definitely be staying here again. It was our favorite hotel throughout our week trip! ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Visited for a weekend trip here for my boyfriend's birthday as a surprise,Managed to book a direct package for one of their Junior Suites which included lots of extras including chocolate dipped strawberries and some bubbly on arrival! Dinner was included too - absolutely delicious! We have breakfast in our room both days which was lovely. There's also a cute cat (Minnie) - great addition to the team!  A big thank you to The Colonnade team for making his birthday surprise a delight! Will definitely be returning again.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","a fantastic weekend, in a fantastic hotel!","The Colonnade is beautifully situated, and the staff were kind, friendly and attentive to all our needs making the service great all round (does the lovely cat count too?!). We stayed in such a nice room, had such a brilliant and comfortable night's sleep and to top it off... the breakfast was delicious!   It was my second stay here, and reconfirmed why I loved the first time so much. Unfortunately (for us!) we only stayed one night but next time, I'd love to spend longer here.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Classic with a twist,"We stayed the bank holiday Sunday here and the hotel was just perfect. Location is spot on, right behind the tube station. The hotel and rooms were decorated lovely and very clean. The restaurant was beautiful and Persian food served there was perfect. The staff were amazing. Can not fault the place.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed picture from a former hotel owner......,"PRO:  I loved the location (friends nearby and I love Little Venice neighborhood).  Friendly staff.  Historically important property (home of Alan Turing who cracked the enigma code in WWII).  Also, very fast free internet was appreciated.  Nice touch: free cell phone use locally.  (see below for more Pro's).   CON: DO NOT accept being placed in a basement room. And I mean basement - one window with opaque glass that is lit from the exterior 24/7, and add to that the noise of the adjacent subway = no sleep.  The idea that this room is rentable is really difficult to imagine at any price, and I paid 206 pounds for it via an AMEX travel agent.  Shameful.    PRO: When I asked to be moved the next day, the front desk staff did a great job, and I was placed in a top floor room,…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Cramped, dusty, minimal luxury ","We stayed at this hotel for our honey moon, the location was great but food and accommodation was lower standard than travel lodge or premier inn. Apple juice at breakfast was badly gone off, and breakfast far to expensive for why you got!  The staff were friendly and polite. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly, Historic Hotel","We stayed at the Colonnade Hotel for 10 nights.  Our room, #23, was small but had a nice terrace which, when the door was open made the room feel more spacious.  Our room was a little worn and could have used a deep cleaning but we were satisfied with the quiet area, terrace and en-suite bathroom.  My only complaint was that the mattress was not very comfortable.    The staff at the Colonnade were very professional and friendly.  We enjoyed talking to them and getting to know them a bit while we stayed there. They always greeted us when we were coming and going and made us feel like we were at home.   The location of the hotel is great - just 1 block from the Warwick Avenue Tube stop  on the Bakerloo line.  There is also a bus stop for the #6 that goes through downtown out to…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Superb staff,"Had a slight hiccup with our room but the staff dealt with it superbly,in fact the reception staff are the nicest we have ever dealt with, great credit to the them. The hotel is very nicely placed, not central to the sights but the surrounding area of Little Venice is very nice, not too busy and very handy for nice restaurants and walks along the canal.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay ,"Where to start! The colonnade ticked all the  boxes for me, lovely quiet area but 1 minute walk from tube station and a few stops away from the hustle and bustle and  all the attractions. Rooms were lovely and clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If you purchase breakfast the night before you get a substantial discount and it's well worth it breakfast was to a high standard And paying in advance with the discount makes it really good value. The hotel cat is very cute. I will definitely stay here the next time I am in London as can't fault it. Thank you for a fabulous stay. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive but felt like we were put in steerage,"Paid £350 for 2 nights at the Colonnade. We were put in a gloomy attic room (floor 4) with a mouldy bathroom. Shower was very weak and didn't get warmer than tepid. In the middle of the room was a sky light which was inadequately covered so sunlight woke you up early in the morning.                   Originally booked this as part of a 'special deal' from Expedia - will be much more picky whenever I see these special deals again.                  Normally, never write a review but I felt that this was such a poor experience that people should be warned. It may be that other rooms on other floors are ok. BUT why would you put guests who are paying decent money in such a poor room?                  I thought it was very telling when we left that the staff did not ask about our…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Extra Charges Be Aware!,"Charged my credit card 125 pounds for incidentals and was told it would be refunded at check out if we didn't use anything in the room.  We did not have any incidentals and have an email stating that our 125 pounds would be refunded and that we should see that refund in 5 business days, it is now 7 business days past that and still no refund.  Every time we have called all we get, as well as when we were there, is they will pass it along to their colleague.  I am done with this place and have now had to file a dispute with my credit card company.  Be aware of this charge!!",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",New ownership or management ?,"I use this hotel less than I once did but it's stepped up in class. It's been modernised in the public rooms although the suit of medieval armour is a bit scary in the reception area. Seriously,wifi was always a problem but it's now super fast at about 45 meg. Breakfast is more than adequate. Service is friendly,efficient and better than before. It's a lovely quaint bolthole,well situated so well done to the new management team",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"Typical London hotel, old style with small rooms especially bathoroom. Look nice but is not confortabile. Expensive compared with other 4 stars in Europe but in line with the London price and style for similar piace.  Amenities is not adeguate and part of staff not so proactive. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Good Time Was Had By All,"Myself and 3 friends had brunch on Friday 7th April it was freshly cooked  and very tasty we all opted for the all day breakfast and wasn't disappointed Dalston on reception was extremely pleasant and helpful and the restaurant staff equally so, thanking you once again Karen",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A GREAT STAY!!!!,We stayed two nights at tis beautiful hotel. The staff were so very helpful and friendly. We were concerned by how easy it would be to get in to central London but it could not have been easier with a no.6 bus (24 hour) just around the corner and a tube station just as close.We would certainly visit again!!!,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky London stopover.,"We live in Peterborough and quite often stay in London for 1-2 nights. We expect to pay around £200 - £250 a night for somewhere pretty reasonable. We stayed one night at the Colonnade a few weeks back and had no hesitation in booking for 2 nights this trip. Firstly, the hotel is literally a minute and a half from the tube (Warwick Avenue) a nice location just at the edge of Little Venice. Although the hotel is quietly situated there is still a lively buzz just around the corner. The staff here are great, not overbearing but on hand all the time. The hotel is Old Elegance: very relaxing and lacking the corporate smiles that can get up your nose. We had a very large room (with small balcony) real 4 poster bed and everything else we needed. Coffe, bathrobes etc. Breakfast is fine.…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away,"Lovely hotel, friendly staff. Beautiful room with enormous four poster bed.  The restaurant is in the basement and does a great breakfast.  Ideal for access to Little Venice and the Canal  tow path into Hyde Park and the Zoo",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",lovely afternoon tea birthday treat,"I will admit having read some of the reviews of afternoon tea we were a bit apprehensive . We were given a virgin experience afternoon tea voucher for Christmas and chose this hotel due to its location in Little venice as we both wanted to take a canal boat along regents canal to Camden . We were very glad that we did , it was a gorgeous warm sunny day and this hotel had a beautiful garden terrace where we could take afternoon tea. upon arriving we felt very welcomed and were even greeted by the beautiful resident friendly cat Minnie who was sunbathing on the front step . The hotel reception area is just beautiful and feels like a very upmarket Victorian living room it was very sumptuous and had a fabulous suit of armour standing in the front window. the hotel is steeped in…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A little break ,"Decided to take the wife to London for Valantines day and found this hotel in the internet, arrived on the morning of the 14th and stayed for the 15th also in room 44 I think on the top floor. We had traveled from the Norfolk coast so arrived early couldn't check in as the rooms where not ready so decided to go downstairs into the restarant for a couple drinks and a mezze board which was very nice.  The hotel has plenty of charm the lift is very old made the wife feel a little scared but it's a very old traditional lift which just needs getting use to its charm, the room was spacious clean and well maintained sadly our window opened up onto the fire escape and you could smell cigarette smoke outside the window every night.  Breakfast both mornings was freshly cooked good…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"Arrived at the hotel , too early to check in the room but left our cases in a small room at the side of reception and then went off for the day.Arrived back later after a great day out.Our booking included a welcome drink and dinner with a glass of wine.we ordered a drink to be bought to our room which arrived promptly.The room was great , Large comfy bed,  everything  you needed  hairdryer, iron bathrobes ; tea coffee etc. Dinner was really tasty, the staff were very friendly and professional.  After a good night's sleep we had afull English breakfast and excellent coffee which is very important to me ( can't bear cheap coffee).The location is very close to the tube .We will definitely  stay here again.Thankyou.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Booked for our anniversary ,"We booked to stay at the colonnade on Sunday night to celebrate our 12 year anniversary. We live in London but decided to book a room in a part of London that we don't know well and have a Mini break in the amazing city we live in and often take for granted.   The colonnade didn't disappoint. The staff where very attentive and polite, nothing seem to much for them to do.  We booked champagne afternoon tea, which was lovely and very traditional, with amazing homemade cakes and scones. We decided to take tea in our suit after seeing how stunning it was.   We stayed in the sigmund freud suite (room 17) and it was like nothing I have seen before. The room is split over 3 levels, a lounge on the first floor with comfy sofa and a couple of arm chairs, desk and all of the normal hotel…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Decorative yet cold,This hotel is well situated for the tube but it is an unusual place.  The decoration is a little OTT for me with it's own resident cat in the lounge area.  It has the oldest lift I have seen; however it does not reach the top floor which is a bit of an inconvenience.   I stayed on an attic bedroom - the lighting was poor & the bathroom absolutely freezing as there was no heater in there.  The shower took an extremely long time to heat up.  It was well decorated but not sure it is for me! ,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ok stay,"When we arrived at this hotel, my first impressions were great. They said they upgraded us, but to be honest I'm wondering what the other room was like, after our first night the toilet got blocked, the guy came after two attempts at ringing reception, he was in and out and told us it was sorted, but to no avail it got blocked again, by this time we were on our third day the manager kindly offered to get us another room, which was nice but the cleaner had just finished but wasn't very clean, never mind we had our last night there in a suite, nice big room. We stayed bed and breakfast, the food was ok not much continental selection tho, but was average. Probably would stay here here again but maybe just a one nighter, Warwick Avenue tube station was few hundred yards away which…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great from the outside but...,"I have just come back from an eight day stay at the hotel. Lots of take aways from the stay so here goes. Pros: Very close to Warwick Street Tube Station, literally a short stone's throw away which is perfect for commuting. Also close to the bus stops. Low key hotel with lots of character, you instantly feel like you're in a friends house, who is charging you money to stay over and has a great restaurant for a kitchen.  Cons: The hotel is old and needs major renovations. I'll skip the small annoyances like the impossible to adjust hot-cold water tub, or the room service staff who never got a single order right or the lack of a microwave in the rooms (we stayed in a Junior Suite..thank you)..actually those are big annoyances. But..we were told at check-in that we had a king size…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Once again had a WONDERFUL stay!,"Second time staying at The Colonnade London and we will return. Perfect safe location in London's Little Venice area. Close to Paddington and Warwick Tube stations. Beautiful neighborhood with several super restaurants and Pubs. So nice to stroll the streets of this neighborhood in the evenings up and around the canal, so much to see. This is NOT  a Holiday Inn! It is an old quirky and clean building with loads of charm. Staff is very friendly and helpful and most important to us, is Minnie the beautiful hotel cat that stands guard at ""check in"". Can't wait to visit again!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",2 night stay,"I booked this hotel due to proximity to Paddington station and Price. I was exceptionally pleased as it is tucked in Maida Vale on a small crescent with both some other restaurants and a tremendous Pub. The room was a little over the top country house hotel but very comfortable and spotless, missing a kettle for morning tea... The food for dinner was good and well priced I choose the Lebanese meze and Lamb kebab, I could not finish the portion. Breakfast was also very good. I can not complain about anything and would really like to thank the entire staff who obviously enjoy being part of this rather quirky hotel. I will be back",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Just don't!!,Words fail me...just see pictures...given as a gift otherwise there is no way we would have stayed here. Two things going for it....1. The staff were friendly and helpful which is to their credit.  2. The location right next to a tube and in a lovely area of London with easy access to all popular sightseeing attractions.  ,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Over Priced & Tired Hotel,"On arrival I was extremely disappointed with the size of the room in relation to the price. Balcony full of cigarette ends, tiny bathroom and very dark. However they did upgrade us to a larger room after I complained. I think this is a tired hotel which operates on its location and is extremely over priced for what you get. The breakfast was poor, the only saving grace were the friendly and professional staff. Overall I wouldn't recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 4* hotel,"My wife booked this hotel for my birthday weekend being as it was close to where she was taking me for dinner, we arrived and all seemed well until we got to our room, broken door handles on wardrobes, broken furniture, mouldy bathroom, broken and bent light fittings this is not what we expected so we went to complain and got told the manager was not around until later that evening so we went out for dinner. when we came back around 12:00am we spoke with the manager, he informed us the hotel was fully booked and that we couldn't move rooms. 5 minutes went by and then he managed to ""find"" a room, So we took it. We moved our things in at and realised this room was worse than the 1st! Another mouldy bathroom and damaged light fittings in the room. We gave up and decided we would go…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","well priced, great location and helpful staff","Quiet corner right by Warwick Avenue Tube station. Staff were very pleasant, breakfast was simple but ok. Room more than adequate.  The location is great though, only a few stops from Piccadilly (10 minutes or there abouts),",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very good cost x benefit,"The hotel is in an old and charming building, very beautiful  place with an awesome lobby, the staff is gentle and very helpful, the location is perfect, just a few steps from Warwick Avenue subway station (Bakerloo Line) and is in a very calm and beautiful neighborhood. I would stay there more times. Is important to note that as it is in an old building some things there are old as well (I.E. Elevators and bathrooms), but it could be a plus depending on your vibe, for me it was not a problem. The decoration I luxury and pleasant. I didn’t have breakfast there.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service in Average Hotel,"This is the second time my husband & I stayed in this hotel only because it's close to our daughter's flat. First time was in Jan 2016 for 2 days. And we stayed again for 1 day first week in March of this year. Not much selections for hotels here. Reception service is very good. Rooms & bathrooms especially are tight. The shower door did not open all the way. These bedrooms are for smaller people, at least the ones we got. I think the receptionists sizes you up to see if you will fit the bathroom and then determines which room they can place you in. Each room is very different. Cleanliness is average. Bed is comfortable. We had the free breakfast which was nice. The reception area looks fancy but they do have a brownish cat lingering around which seemed rather tame. A few times,…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely visit :),"Came here with my partner on a Wednesday night for my birthday, we stayed in the junior suite which was beautiful....4 poster bed, really traditional English feel to the hotel and friendly staff. We had afternoon tea which was delicious! And breakfast in the morning which was also good.  The hotel is located in little venice which is a little away from the main centre of London but it was very easy to get to using the tube...Warwick avenue is a 2 minute walk away from the hotel which is really convenient!  Our stay was very good and bed was very comfortable, the only small downfall is that our toilet wouldn't flush without putting water down it, something very minor and we told them about it when we checked out.  Thankyou for a lovely stay :)",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel! ,"Me and my wife had a nights stay at this hotel in a very nice and quite part of London. It was part of a groupon deal.   On arrival the staff were friendly and polite. We stayed in the JFK suite and this was the nicest room we have stayed in. It was big, very posh and have a massive four poster bed. The bed was decorated with rose petals and towels made into swans, so the staff took along time to set that up! It had an upstairs section and a nice bathroom too. Our view was also nice,as the room was at the front of the hotel we saw a lot of the area from our window.   We had a glass if bubbly and chocolate strawberries on arrival which my wife enjoyed!  We had an evening meal included in our stay, I did try to book a table before hand but the restaurant was fully book. But the…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice hotel,"This Hotel is situated next to Warwick Avenue tube station. In no time you can be in central London, with its busy life, coming back to the Colonnade in the evenings its so lovely and quiet. I even slept with the aircondition off and the window open. The staff is very friendly, and trying to help you in all possible ways. One note, I booked a Classic double room, and if we had been travelling 2 people, we would not have been able to fit into the bed, so upgrade yourself to a club double. There was a private party making a lot of noise downstairs saturday evening, but the staff was very helpfull and insured me, that the music would stop midnight, and so it did. Ive stayed many times in London, this was one of the best hotels.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good but a bit unusual,"Nice frontage and location, enjoyed my stay (in the basement so no view). breakfast was good and service good. A little attention to detail - a tea pot provided but no kettle tea or coffee? The tray that you would expect to see these in, had 3 packets of crisps, a packet of peanuts and a dairy milk - a bit strange.  The room however was clean and well set out and the bed extremely comfortable!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Smell of drains,"This was my second stay as my first had been so good, but this time there was no fresh fruit or biscuits for your morning tea, the little things that made it special last time, but worst the pungent stink from the drains in the bath room meant that I resorted to keeping the bathroom door shut and making a wet towel barrier to plug the gap between the door and floor but a least the towels were put some use as there was no hot water to wash with let alone take a bath. The staff however were very helpful but its  one thing to smile sweetly and say sorry but with no discount on this 1 night disaster I was left feeling very bitter that they could be so blasé to ones needs . Also a small point was the long dark hairs on the bathroom floor not forgetting the half used complementary …",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",very friendly and attractive hotel..beautiful building an asset to our area of Little Venice,"We have our friends stay here as we live close by...all our friends have been happy here. The rooms are very old-fashioned in the nicest way...beautifully finished..and very comfortable, and clean. I often eat at the restaurant..good value and nice Persian food..my favourite is their lamb on a stick with herbed rice..delicious..and comes with a free starter. You will not be disappointed with the friendly and efficient staff, both for the hotel and restaurant. An asset to our area",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",present from family,we enjoyed our stay here our room was really nice we had a four poster bed which was lovely  the staff were all very polite would highly recommend it. it was a short walk from warwick avenue station  and  little ven.ice which was is worth a visit,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff..,I enjoyed my stay here.The location was perfect for transportation. I had a great start every morning with the breakfast  and would highly recommend it. The staff at the front counter were friendly and helpful. I will definitely be staying here again on my next visit to London,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Must stay in London ,Thats a Great hotel...With a great service...and a fantastic staff... always ready to help... hope to visit soon. .. recommended for a comfortable stay ... will definitely recommend it to family and friends... ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Stay ," I have travelled a lot and stayed in hotels all over the world, but this one so far has been the best. The staff was amazing and helpful with brilliant service. The rooms were clean and modern.   Overall I enjoyed my stay.  I will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely staff and would def visit again!!,"I was very pleased with our stay. From the minute i have arrived to the hotel everything we asked was handled immediately with a smile.  The rooms are well appointed and decent sized too, and everything works well.Clean, friendly hotel that caters well for the value market, specially to the staff, hats off to them.They are the ones who will make me come again up here. The rooms are well appointed and decent sized too, and everything works well.Thanks again",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Girly catch up weekend,"On approach the Hotel looks fine, but once past reception the cracks begin to show. our room was above the kitchen so noise from clanging pots and pans, and the most awful stench of cooking, which meant we avoided the restaurant at all costs apart from continental breakfast which you can't really go wrong with. Room was large enough but on closer inspection the sofa and cushions smelt and looked worn, the aircon unit was hanging off the wall, there was dirt and dust on the windowsills which had to be cleaned at the same time as the air con unit was being fixed. dirty bathroom, filthy curtains, drain and overflow on sink, stains on floor, mould on shower screen. Just very grubby and disappointing. we bought a bottle of bleach and did our own cleaning!  However the staff were very…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Elizabeth P,"I'm in love with this hotel. One of the best I have stayed in by far. Clean rooms , beautiful location, ever so helpful staff and a lovely little cat strutting around the lobby. I totally enjoyed my stay and will definitely recommend to my family and friends.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",'Exceptional Hotel',"Very nice hotel with exceptional staff!!! Organised and good hotel with with easy excess to London tubes. I would recommend to anyone, weather on leisure or business this hotel is perfect for all!!!!!!!  ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic service,It was a great hotel with a fantastic service. Whatever asked got served on time.   Booked a room for a couples outing and both enjoyed a lot. Very close to central london.   Will visit back again if looking to stay in a hotel.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed my stay,"Visited this gem of a hotel recently and I would say I have never been happier with a hotel stay as I was with the colonnade.  Quiet location, beautiful ambience and such warm and friendly staff.   I would give this hotel a 6th star if I could or perhaps even more. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mr ,"Everytime I stay at this centrally located hotel I m impressed by the high standard of customer service and the amenities at The colonnade. The whole team there is dedicated to making sure everything goes well and smoothly. From the super comfortable room, to the great food and excellent meeting facilities, this property has everything.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel with lovely staff,Great hotel and lovely staff. Felt so comfortable during my stay. Will definitely be coming back. The area and location was nice. The staff was very professional. Will surely recomend this hotel to my friends and family.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay during visit to London,"Very comfortable, good service and an enjoyable breakfast. A very handy location for Regents and Hyde park, we walked along the Regents canal to London zoo. The journey to the hotel from Charing cross could not be easier, the No.6 bus is virtually door to door. The stay at the hotel was a major contribution to the success of our trip.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic ,What a lovely hotel. The staff were all very friendly and welcoming. The room we stayed in  was clean and very well presented. The reception area is beautiful and as an animal lover I was pleased to see a cat making herself at home on one of the chairs.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",very pleasant! great location,"a gem of a place, got a groupon deal for the Junior suite (room 16) with that we got free arrival drink,  free afternoon tea and chocolate covered strawberry and wine, service was good however their breakfast service needs a lot of work but id stay again. also has a very old working lift and some interesting history very old school royal English.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good overall. ,"A very good overall stay with warm, homely and welcoming feel with tasteful decorations throughout. The hotel also looks nice from the outside and the staff are very professional. The reception room and lounge are also very welcoming.   The hotel has parking only for one car at a charge of £20 per night, and this one spot is likely to be taken by another resident. So you will struggle for parking. The floorboards creak badly throughout the hotel and the temperature control in the rooms are difficult. I cannot comment on the food as never had any but the menu looked ok.   There is no gym or sauna facilities at this hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Shame about the breakfast and bill,"Went with my wife for our wedding anniversary, nice room with nice but small bed,  Reception was good. Went out in the evening and came back about 10 to be told the bar was shut. All going well until breakfast, went into the restaurant to be told that no tables were ready and could we wait. 3 waiters rushing around the 4/5 tables where people were seated, waiter then comes over and asks for our order before we had chance to look at a menu.  Finally moved to table after 5 minutes, went to look at food but there was no fruit or pastries left!, eventually got some Luke warm toast. Kept waiting 3-4 minutes at reception as there was nobody there, then was told that  I couldn't have a vat invoice for my stay as it was booked via secret escapes. Went back to secret escapes and they…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Romantic Valentines break,"The Colonnade was booked as a Valentines surprise and it certainly was the most lovely surprise! It is located in a fairly quiet and picturesque part of London, easily accessible via local tube stations. The welcome we received and the reception staff were faultless throughout our stay, however the dining staff lacked some care. Our 'Club' room was pleasant, with a slightly slopey and uncomfortable bed, but a lovely bathroom and beautifully decorated. The continental breakfast could have had slightly more selection, but was served in a spacious, bright and open dining room with a glass roof.  Overall, the hotel is situated in a perfect location, with friendly and professional staff and is beautifully decorated to invoke a relaxing and calming weekend. Will definitely be staying…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay in Little Venice,"We stayed here for one night with breakfast on a Sunday deal £99, was able to park outside for free on a Sunday but had to move the car first thing Monday morning when the parking restrictions came into play, moved to a pay on phone space. Nice quaint clean small family run hotel. Room on the ground floor was small but ok. Nice safe area of London , there is a pub in the same block which was good. All the staff were very pleasant. We would stay here again, we ate out at a restaurant on the canal which is just a walk away. Maybe next time we will come back in the summer.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or665-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Value for money, great location","Have stayed few times at the Colonnade, good room sizes, nicely furnished, a little bit old-fashioned. Staff are doing their best to provide a very comfortable stay. A great pub on the back street with very nice food, also the couple of restaurants in the area are worth while visiting. I liked it",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or665-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous hotel in Little Venice with a family feel and resident cat! ,"We stayed a couple of nights. The rooms are very cosy and the hotel has a colonial feel to it (old fashioned, in a lovely way).  The Hotel came with its resident cat (Minnie) who was very sweet.  The only thing which let it down was the bathroom, which was cramped and in need of decoration.  Other than that, I would definitely go back. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or665-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely boutique hotel,Stayed here for the first time and was upgraded to a suite as a VIP Expedia member. Lovely elegant room and really lovely welcome at reception. Quick response for room service. Breakfast superb. Evening meal in the restaurant was tasty and big portion size meant I couldn't fit dessert in! It's not a newly furnished hotel but a great deal for a good price. I will be back.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or665-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",No hot water!!!,"Stayed 27th & 28th of Jan although we called reception on several occasions we were never given any explanation or apology for the lack of hot water, I was told that as I was in a room on the top floor it would take a while for the hot water to get up there!!!! As we had paid in advance for our room we were not offered any compensation for the massive inconvenience the lack of hot water proved to be.   It was very disappointing that non of the staff could provide any answers about the hot water and we felt that we were just being dismissed by them!",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or665-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay!,"Our stay in this cosy hotel was superb. We were  welcomed by the receptionist. The interior of the hotel was very  luxerious , the rooms were very clean and big, we had a lot of space. We enjoyed a nice high tea,  and the restaurant is worth a visit. The staff is very friendly. We also met the GM Dillon who was very helpfull in giving us some tips about the area. This hotel is definitly worth a visit, we will be back!!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or670-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent!!,"Our stay at the Collonade was nothing but perfect, the rooms were very cosy, very good  beds. The staff was very friendly, even the general manager Dillon was very helpfull with any question we had. The hotel was very clean and the food was  lovely. We will definitly stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or670-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hot water,"27th, 28th, hot water was down in the entire hotel Dylon the GM spoke to all the guest in the restaurant  and tackled the situation in a very professional manner. Very impressive.. I've been to many hotels.. I know how similar situations can turn into guests' nightmare..",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or670-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Groupon Goodness,"Brought a voucher off Groupon for a mini break and do not regret it. Welcoming staff, fabulous lobby and cosy rooms. Welcome drink and breakfast in their restaurant was brilliant, couldn't fault the food (we had a full English). Only downfall was the parking spaces were limited and didn't have a great lay out but on street parking was available. I personally loved the vintage, classic, Victorian hotel look. Also there was a cute hotel cat that greets you on arrival too! ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or670-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Luxurious and relaxed retreat, 4 and a half ☆","We arrived at the hotel and were warmly welcomed by a friendly lady at reception who, hearing it was my birthday, bumped us up to Sigmund Freud's suite.   The room was luxurious, on two levels as the bed was elevated allowing Juliet to wave down from the balcony to her Romeo or Rosaline for that matter.. and  if you count the bathroom three levels. The bathroom soaps were gorgeous, there was a beautiful bath big enough for sharing and a good power shower too. A gentle balance of classic and modern features throughout the hotel, paying attention to those little details that really make it - such as the high end magazines in the hall I would never usually buy.   From the pictures you can see we had a lovely glass of prosecco and chocolate dipped strawberries and later enjoyed…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or670-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The worst breakfast ever - certainly not what expected of a 4 star hotel,"Booked a last minute deal through Travel Zoo and was happy with the price for  B&B including Afternoon Tea. Reception staff were efficient and friendly when we phoned prior to arrival and on arrival. The afternoon tea was great, although the staff in the restaurant seemed rather disorganised. The only issue was that my husband went to the Gents and narrowly missed a nasty accident as the floor was  left wet and slippery with some cleaning agent that hadn't been mopped up. He reported this to a member of staff and he seemed to respond straight away. Our room was on the 4th floor and it was as described, full of character, with a comfy bed and nice laundry. There was no soap, but there were bottles of shampoo/shower gel etc.There was a small bottle of wine, a container of drinking…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or675-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Thank you as always,"I have stayed at the Colonnade more times than I can count. The hotel is charming and perfectly located, the rooms and beds are so comfortable and the staff makes me feel so welcome. I just left about an hour ago after a two week stay and I am already looking forward to another stay before too long. Thank you Colonnade!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or675-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty & run down,"Extremely disappointing since I had considered previous review on trip advisor prior to purchasing Groupon voucher. Please see some of the photos which show dirt, torn bed linen, hanging curtains. See picture of menstrual stained seat in the seriously scary lift! We had to change room & we upgraded to an equally dirty dilapidated room. Dinning - My husband ordered a med rib-eye steak which clearly was not & was over cooked! Although offered another Persian dish this too was only marginally better, but when you're hungry and now have to eat alone you just eat (fearing if you complain you may be subject to the mercy of an angry chef)! A peak into the kitchen was also worrying as two sweatshirt & jeans chefs were preparing the food! Obviously not hygiene conscious, I hope we…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or675-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend treat,"I booked two rooms in this hotel to celebrate my daughters 30th Birthday in London, rooms were dated but very comfortable all be it very compact. We had a bed and breakfast deal firstly I'd like to say the full English breakfast itself was delicious, complements to the chef. Unfortunately I cannot say the same for the restaurant front of house staff, the service was diabolical to say the least, firstly no staff were in the restaurant until my husband went back to reception to complain after we had waited 15 minutes, we had to help ourselves to glasses from behind the bar area as none were available to us and nobody to ask, no orange juice etc etc, another couple couldn't even have the continental breakfast they had paid for as no bread available, and they said pastries were…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or675-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fine Hotel,"Didn't spend much time in our room as we did plenty of exploring. The staff was very accommodating and the bottomless mimosa brunch was fabulous. We had neighbors who were a bit on the roudy side, but it is what it is. Abbey Road is about a 20 minute walk away. The tube stop was about 3 minutes away. Great location; however, was a bit pricey for what the accomodations were. This was the final stop before zone two so I am glad we did not stay any further out as the Oyster would have not been as cheap. The elevator is as old as the earth and there are a lot of stairs. I would probably stay here if I had to on a crunch, and it would be fine. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or675-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Location,"This property as a good location in Maida Vale.  Interesting that is was the birthplace of Alan Turing (Google it if you must).  Our room was halfway up a back stair, and looked out over nothing.  It was typical London-cramped with older furnishings. it was clean enough with a modern en suite.  The breakfast was ordered from a menu in the facility's dining room.  We enjoyed all that was served, but seconds on coffee appeared to be at a premium.  Our tea and coffee supplies were not serviced regularly.  The property is close to the Warwick Avenue tube on the Bakerloo Line and is situated close to dining and drinking establishments.  This made the cramped lodgings bearable.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or680-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Deteriorated !,"I have previously been very complementary about this Hotel which is why I have used it regularly. On a stay this week I was kept awake until 02.00 due to the noise being made by people in the room next door.I pressed the Reception button on the room telephone at midnight only to get a dialling tone. The insulation between the rooms and gaps in doors allow background noise to transmit to rooms. The evening food choice is limited and looks restricted to Persian food which is not my preferred food type. The Hotel Cat is always around dining room at breakfast and dinner times. ,m sorry Colonnade but I can't stay in a Hotel and attend important meetings in the morning having been deprived of sleep. As someone else said 'your room is only as good as the people in the room next door'",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or680-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Birthday Present! JFK Suite is something else!,"Stayed here for my birthday in December, Such a grand hotel. We stayed in the JFK Suite and it is something else, four poster bed, stairs to a upper tier and double window doors to a balcony that looks out onto a view.  Its got a homely touch and feel to it rather than just a posh hotel! there is so much decor and detail in every part even the reception.  Breakfast was lovely too a bit hectic at times but it didn't bother us. There is a hotel cat roaming about quite happily but i think the head waitress could tell i wasn't a cat person and asked me if i wanted the cat removed. But i didn't mind as she wasn't harming me. i thought it was a nice thought though. over all amazing stay and hopefully we will be back again soon.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or680-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for high tea on a voucher,"My wife and I had a nice and relaxing experience for high tea this week. It was a voucher deal and overall, we thought it was great value. We got a fairly respectable selection of sandwiches, pasties and scones. We were served prosecco for the bubbly drink rather than champagne, but it was fine given the discount. I would return again under the same arrangements. Unfortunately I can't comment on what it's like for the full price. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or680-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great service!,"Hotel Colonnade is one of its kind! I absolutely enjoyed staying there and would definitely book it again for my next visits to London. Super friendly and helpful staff, special thanks to Kamelia and Bita who went out of their ways to make my stay comfortable.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or680-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Old fashioned but well maintained,The hotel is situated in a beautiful building just next to Little Venice tube station.  Friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are large but are designed in an old-fashioned style so not for everyone likings.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or685-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful place, great staff","Had a one night stay with GF and we couldn't of been happier, prime position, very friendly staff, especially greeting. The lunchtime menu was small but perfect, food fantastic, chocolate fondant, yum. Would definitely go again and stay longer to explore more. We got upgraded on arrival as good will gesture as our other room wasn't quite ready. The room could do with a tiny bit of TLC, not due to cleanliness, just a bit of touching up.  Like i said before would definitely return, as the area where situated looks amazing, really upmarket. 15 minutes on tube to all major London hotspots, with tube literally 200yds away. I hope to return in the spring and stay for longer. Don't think I would like to stay in any other area now. Thanks Colonnade, see you soon! X ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or685-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A real character hotel,"I really liked this hotel. For those who want standard hotel brand type offerings this is probably not for you. For those who want some thing a bit different, with lot's of character this fits the bill. The hotel is situated very conveniently next to a tube station and a couple of stops you are pretty much in the centre. The area itself has a lot to offer in nice walks, cafes and restaurants. As far as the theme of the hotel is concerned, it looks to me like an eclectic mix of stuff all put together that some how works. I would say the pictures on their web site pretty much tells the storey.  All the staff with out exception were all so friendly, welcoming and helpful. If a have one criticism, it is the hotel needs a going over for minor maintenance peeling paint, cracked tiles…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or685-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Food for a king or a queen,"If you have never eaten Persian (Iranian) food-this is a must try. We went with two Iranian friends and both said the food was delicious and authentic. We were a group of six so we had a chance sample almost the entire menu. Starter choices included hummus, roasted eggplant, chicken and potato salad and a few others. Everything was served with some nuances (flatbread). Portions were generous. We had to wait a while for main courses but everything was made to order.  But the wait was worth it. Beautiful Persian kebab, seabass, and lamb dishes to die for. It was dead silence when we ate. Really tasty and aromatic. Our biggest problem was seeing the other person's dish...which looked better than ours!  After a pause,  we ordered dessert. Everything is fantastic! We were suggested…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or685-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel with lovley staff.,"Nice rooms. Perfect location , really close to subway.Super serviceminded staff. A really nice hotelcat named Minnie. Wonderful interior, feels luxury. Restaurant have superb breakfast and dinner.  Best regards Klas and Gumfe, Sweden.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or685-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Trip to Little Venice for a wedding,"My wife and I stayed here as she was playing her Harp at a wedding nearby. What a lovely hotel, very helpful and friendly staff, felt like home from home, and would recommend it to any friends that need somewhere near Little Venice. And I enjoyed my full English breakfast and my wife's omelette was spot on. A very special place and the resident cat , Mimi , was lovely.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or690-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Annual Christmas Trip,Third Visit. Excellent location for my visits to my family  Great room Extremely comfy beds. Very good Location perfect third stay and will return again soon.  Breakfast served from 7am good for us.  Christmas tree looked fabulous  Will return soon  ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or690-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect hotel!!,"Me and my mum stayed in this hotel on a night out to the canal cafe theatre. The staff are friendly and helpful, the afternoon tea is perfect, breakfast was great food and the hotel is very clean and pretty throughout. I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay here again. It is extremely close to the central line tube at Warwick Avenue aswell.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or690-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"From it being Alan Turing's birthplace, that Freud stayed there to the resident cat, this hotel oozes charm. And it's pretty comfortable as well! Service is excellent and staff were very accomodating. Only downside: the breakfast isn't very good. The restaurant specializes in Persian food and does an excellent job of it. However, their full English is slightly disappointing.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or690-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from home! ,"A very charming little hotel with a lot of history. Rooms size very adequate for London. Restaurant was packed over the weekend, but service and attention from staffs made the difference! Having a lazy cat walking around the hotel, made me feel like I was home. Food variety, would be nice. Overall a great time and surely will recommend anyone coming for a couple of nights in a leafy neighbourhood. I couldn't fault anything and surprised when I read previous reviews.   Staff members are always willing to help, which makes me feel welcome.   ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or690-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel ,"We booked this using Groupon and we definitely weren't disappointed.  The hotel is old, but it adds to the charm for me. We stayed for 1 night in a suit and it was beautiful, loved having the separate sitting area to sit and enjoy a glass of wine, while watching the tv.  The mini bar and snacks as in most hotels are very over priced and not worth buying.  We ate in the hotel restaurant as we had a main course included within the package and it was delicious, the staff were very polite, helpful but not to intrusive, and the food was really tasty. They also had live music on that night which really added to the atmosphere.  Unfortunately the reason we didn't give 5* was because breakfast was the worst service I've ever had in a hotel. Again it was included in our package and the…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or695-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very run down. Definitely not 4 star.,"We noted other mixed reviews but the location was convenient. Were upgraded to a ""superior suite"". Really just a decent size room. This place is really run down. Loose electrical wires (safety issue?), a bathroom window with a permanent grill (could not be closed in December!), bathroom radiator off and still off after notifying reception, peeling paint, limescale and dirt around taps (also in restaurant toilets), a resident cat with water and food  visible (OK for a B&B but a 4 star hotel?), pleasant staff when they understood English, very tired fittings and not very clean. Seems like nothing has been invested in the fabric of this hotel for a long time and management standards are extremely relaxed. A pity as the location is good for W London.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or695-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea November 2016.,"We visited The Colonadde using a voucher for a sparkling afternoon tea ,midweek in November. Meet and greet was nice, Service was very good throughout and a marked improvement on our last visit. The tea did not look sumptuous on arrival but we were actually quite full at the end. We enjoyed our visit and the location close to Warwick Avenue tube station is good too.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or695-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ok as long as you're not in a basement room! ,"Stayed here for one night in November for my boyfriend's birthday. Check in was fairly smooth and we were shown to our room. We were very disappointed, the room was in the basement, was dark dingy and small with a tiny bathroom. The windows were sealed shut and obscured so you couldn't see out. There was absolutely no phone signal and the landline phone in the room didn't work. I am claustrophobic and felt very uncomfortable in the room. We went up to reception to ask to be moved. Initially we were told the hotel was fully booked but after explaining about my claustrophobia the manager agreed to move us to a room on the 2nd floor, albeit not looking too impressed about it. The new room was much better, bigger and with a window we could actually open and see out of! Bathroom was…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or695-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional staff,"Great location. Exceptional staff at this hotel, they are extremely helpful and very polite. The breakfast is freshly cooked and good quality food. The only reason I didn't give 5 rating is because I feel maybe it needs a little refurbishment. But it is a lovely hotel. Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or695-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden gem ,"Forget over-priced London chain-owned hotels! The Colonnade, located handily one tube stop from Paddington is the answer. Classy rooms and charming personal service are great, and their affordable rates are an absolute revelation for London. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or700-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Never go there,"I was in London for business trip for 1 night : 1st : The welcome, I think that UK boarder controllers are more friendly than the reception of that hotel 2nd : The room : just awful, windows not closing propely (-5° outside) you can feel the cold air coming in.  Air con very noisy make it impossible to stay in the room. Room smell of cigaret The bed looks like it hasn't been changed for 25 years.  I actually couldn't stay for the night and had to book a room in another hotel for that night.  BTW the price is the same as a Hilton 314£ for the night!!!",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or700-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby, not  chique","A very small room with an even smaller bed, my feet were sticking out! A very small bathroom, 8 steps up. All furniture looked extremely tired, a whole in the bed spread! An ironing board that didn't work and took up most of the space in the tiny wardrobe. A huge disappointment for not so small a price. Stay away! ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or700-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not great!,"My wife and I stayed at the Colonnade 4 Star hotel from 20/11/16 for three nights staying in a classic double £411 room only. The purpose of our trip was to attend a family funeral. The main reason for choosing this hotel was location, being a five minute walk to my wife's sister home. First impressions were good, the hotel had the appearance of a country house and entering the reception area did not disappoint. Beautifully decorated and furnished quintessentially English with even a suit of armour standing in the lounge. We were asked at reception to leave a £75 deposit that would not be taken from my card. I thought this unusual especially that we had paid in advance for the room but were assured it was the managements normal procedure.  We were shown to our room number 28 (…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or700-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tranquil hotel in a busy city,"Beautiful hotel, booked a junior sweet and had a free upgrade to the JFK suite which was stunning. All of the staff were very very helpful and friendly. Afternoon tea was nice and the hotel restaurant/bar area is relaxed and open. Only one piece of criticism and that was the breakfast, it wasn't the best we have had, my wife ordered the fresh fruit but it wasn't very fresh and it would have been nice to be able to go up and pick your own cereals etc. That however is a very minor criticism from a wonderful trip for our wedding anniversary and we would most definitely use this hotel again. Thank you very much. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or700-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade...eleagnt comfort...,"Great hotel, very good location, extremely helpful and pleasant staff. The suite we had was sumptuous and very stylish. The restaurant and breakfast room is a wonderful 'conservatory like' structure, serving a lovely full breakfast; and the bacon was crispy as requested. :0) The staff were lovely to deal with and made us feel very welcome, we couldn't have asked for a better experience. Thanks again for a great stay.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or705-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Location is great,"I love staying in Little Venice.  I don't like London hotels.  This one seems posh, but is slightly shabby.  Rooms are small, like everywhere in London.  The staff are variable, some ok, some not.  They couldn't help me find restaurants (we can google it) or walking paths.  There are cute restaurants just behind.   The lift is impossible if you have large luggage.  ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or705-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than before...,"This is our second stay this year, after a somewhat poor experience last Summer. I am happy and relieved to say that this stay was comfortable and a huge improvement. We benefited massively from an unexpected room upgrade, which we were extremely grateful to receive. Our room (The Warrington Suite) was traditional, well appointed and generously sized; everything was clean and in working order. The bed was comfortable and we enjoyed a good night's sleep. The staff that we encountered throughout our stay were friendly and welcoming, particularly those on reception who were extremely helpful. The breakfast was tasty and the afternoon tea was adequate (though the bread was a little stale). However, despite the vast improvement on our previous stay, I still firmly believe that this…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or705-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Suprise birthday present ,"This place is fantastic , on arrival was met by the staff who were so friendly and welcoming , we checked in and were shown to our room asked if there was anything at all we wanted please ask and couldn't have been more helpful the room was fantastic everything you wanted and more , they have their own restaurant downstairs which was out of this world real authentic Persian food which I tried for the first time absolutely incredible , but don't get me wrong it wasn't all Persian food they do English food as well we had a full English breakfast in the morning absolutely perfect , The hotel itself is beautiful in real touch of luxury about it even has its own friendly cat who everybody knows including some of the residents round the area as we met a couple outside , was a…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or705-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking stay,"I do not recommended this hotel at all! Me and my partner came here for our anniversary and it was the worst hotel we've ever stayed in!  Firstly the staff were extremely rude they were not welcoming and this got even worse after them finding out we had booked through Groupon, we felt second best.  The windows were extremely draftily room was absolutely freezing! We got the basement room it was awful!!!!  The pictures that were advertised on the website and groupon are nothing like what it is in the flesh!  The underground was directly under our room and rattled it every 3-5 minutes keeping us awake all night!  Beds were extremely uncomfortable woke up with a terrible bad back.  This is not a 4* hotel and being in the heart of london you would expect a lot more!!!!   No reply…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or705-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best welcome and customer service,"The hotel is really well situated in Little Venice, quite close to the canal.  I agree with what others have said about the service:  it is incredibly warm and friendly and helpful. We were a bit disappointed with the room this time.  It had film over both windows as it was right up against the wall and this made it a bit claustrophobic.  That said, we had used a website's special offer, so for what we paid, it was acceptable.  Breakfast was very good and the welcome drink after a long train journey was, well, welcome. Would definitely stay again, and would pay a bit more for a better room.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or710-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, recommended","We had a great overnight here a week or two back. The property is a huge, gorgeous Georgian style structure. There is a very comfortable waiting area at reception complete with resident cat. Our room was spacious and in very good condition for the price we paid. OK it wasn't a new refurb but it was great value for the money.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or710-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"My husband and I stayed at the Colonnade for two nights. The staff were lovely..very friendly and welcoming. Having flown in from Dublin on a chilly morning and done some sightseeing in Central London, the cosy reception area (complete with cat dozing on a sofa) was a welcome sight. We were upgraded to a lovely room on the ground floor..big bay window, leather armchairs, big comfy bed, velvet curtains and lots of interesting prints on the walls, soft relaxing colours and nice big bathroom, fluffy bathrobes. The area is great..two mins from Warwick Ave station on the Bakerloo line. Lovely stroll down the canal to Paddington and Wharf area and half an hour's walk from Regents Park. Very nice and quiet at night but with the added bonus of the lovely Victorian pub Lord Alfred…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or710-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice!,"The rooms here are very comfortable and the service is superb. Everyone really goes out of their way to make your stay pleasant. They truly bend over backwards. We had a slight miscommunication with the staff, likely that we were unclear about our plans, which resulted in our room not being serviced one day.  We understood and really didn't hold them responsible......these things happen!  It's not whether mistakes are made but how they are handled and I couldn't be more impressed with the management on this front. Beyond the apologies, and the sense of urgency to rectify the situation immediately, which were appreciated, they also sent up a nice bottle of wine. It's these little things that put a place over the top.  I don't expect to never have any issues while traveling; it's…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or710-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Home from home,"Stayed here for 2 day business trip. Literally a stones throw from the tube station, great for reaching anywhere in London easily. Hotel is so quaint, my room was a dream .. 4 poster bed, like a fairy tale. Selection of lovely restaurants in the next street behind the hotel. I ate in an Italian and a pub both great. Area is lovely and quiet and lovely for walking in. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, breakfast good. Will definitely return loved it! ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or710-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Olde School quirky hotel,"I visited the hotel on business at short notice, the hotel is located 2 minutes from a tube station in leafy Little Italy area of London, hotel is attractive, well appointed, rooms are typical of London hotels re size but are beautifully decorated. Nice use of period property to add quirk whilst maintaining functionality. Good value too.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or715-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful afternoon tea,My friend and I enjoyed a wonderful afternoon tea here.  The service was excellent and at no point were we hurried and every request (another drink etc.) was immediately dealt with.  The hotel is wonderfully situated and very easy for London underground. The whole hotel was immaculately clean and everyone was genuinely friendly.  The food was utterly delicious  with 4 varieties of sandwiches along with a selection of dainty cakes and two delicious home-made scones. In all a wonderful way to spend a Saturday afternoon with friends. Look out for voucher deals from various sites as well worth a visit.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or715-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little gem,"Tasteful in décor, with very friendly staff who are only too happy to help. Rooms ample big enough in size. Best of all is its location - lovely area, that when you wander around, its hard to believe that your in London, as there is a quick charm to it. Plus the Hotel's less than 2minuts from the tube station, so getting to where-ever you want to is easy. Overall I was well impressed.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or715-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good but not great,"Our review does not differ much from others given on this hotel.  This a beautiful building and the location is excellent - next to the canals of little Venice. Plenty of character.   Staff is friendly and helpful - yet organization is less than stellar. We were promised our room shortly after 2pm but the timing was completely off and we ended up receiving another room, as ours would certainly not have been ready before 4pm. Maybe because we were on the top floor - but rooms were cleaned up quite late during the day.   Our room was ok except a bit dark, bathroom was the size of a shoebox, and the heating took some special  intervention from maintenance to get going. Bedding was good - but the rooms can tolerate some refurbishment. Carpet, curtains, lights - would already be…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or715-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Did not meet expectations,"Stayed here for one night on groupon deal. Receptionists who checked us in seemed very inefficient and couldn't find our paperwork without checking with someone else. Details given in broken English and spoken whilst looking for something in drawer. Although room was okay it was very poky and had a broken toilet roll holder which is not what I was expecting for a 4 star hotel. The alarm also went off at 6am the next morning, we were given no explanation or apology from staff when checking out.  Overall generally unimpressed.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or715-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful!,"This is a beautiful hotel in a lovely location, our room was lovely - However after travelling 10 hours to the hotel we were met with a very frosty and hostile receptionist, which I have to say left us with a bad taste..... but we didn't go to London to spend all our time in a hotel. The night manager was very friendly and helpful, thank you for that.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or720-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel.,"Great little gem of a hotel, staff are very helpfull and friendly, great location for canal and camden, Parked 50yds from hotel as on the weekend you can park without paying in the permit holders spaces, take the canal boat taxi into camden, it drops you right outside the market, couple of great old pubs just round the corner, 1 had a gordon ramsey restaurant upstairs but has now closed, great part of london to visit, def will return thanks to all.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or720-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lots of good things but some things to improve. ,"I found it really difficult to find somewhere for an overnight stay in London that was a cut above basic chains,  included breakfast & wasn't extortionate . I'm all for slightly unusual places/rooms and do this looked to fit the bill Some really positive points:  Beautiful building,  full of character including the old fashioned lift. We arrived super early & were part checked in & could leave our luggage while we went out for the day  All of the staff seemed eager to please  Lovely,  individual room (room 46 on top floor)  - we requested a high floor and we were really pleased with the room  Super comfy bed  Bath,  as well as shower (important to us as we live on a narrowboat & so only have a shower,  and so  a bath has become a luxury item!)  Delicious breakfast - hubby had…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or720-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Please keep this hotel a secret,"Our room was up in the ""gods"" but wonderful... you just want to take pictures of the lift its so old and Art Deco...  Now here's the thing. Please keep this hotel a secret. Don't tell anyone.  It's just that we want to go back and we can't if it's fully booked.  This hotel is a little gem, a family hotel which must be rare .  We found a diamond in the water of the roses on the table as we ate our first ever Persian meal.. the staff smiled and insisted that it was piece of glass from a previous party for children. Of course we didn't believe them.  So please remember tell nobody about this hidden jewel...",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or720-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not what the website depicts. ,"My daughter booked myself & her into the hotel last night as a 60th Birthday present. On arrival we were made to feel like 2nd rate citizens by the receptionist who was 'fawning' over her 'regular' customers, one of which arrived after us, & who she immediately checked in!  We were told that we had been upgraded to their junior suite. On arrival to the room it appeared to be clean & tidy though decor & furniture was dated & distressed. For a suite I was very surprised to find it a double bed & not a king/ queen.  We noticed there was no 'Do not disturb' sign for the door, no cups or mugs for the tea/coffee facilities & their guest visitor information book was clearly out of date stating there was complimentary bowl of apples & a complimentary newspaper delivered in the morning…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or720-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best Hotel and a very helpful staff,It's been a great pleasure to visit this wonderful hotel. Great place and room prices a very reasonable. The staff has been very professional and helpful. Will love to visit the hotel once again.  Thank you for the hospitality....,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or725-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Small room high price.,"We booked in for two nights and were put in room #4.  The receptionist showed us to the room, but when she went inside, followed by myself, neither of us could move.  It was the size of a large closet. I had to back out to let her get out and when my wife and I, plus two suitcases got back in there was nowhere to stand and I had to crawl across the bed to put a suitcase on top of the chest of drawers.  What a joke. As it was almost midnight (and later for us due to time changes) all we could do was laugh and hope for a good nights sleep. Cannot recommend this at all.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or725-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible poky room,"Sorry to say but our stay here was very disappointing. We got a deal from the guardian and I think because of that we're put in their worst room. It was in the basement and poky, tiny, claustrophobic. The ""welcome"" drink was not offered to us and we had to go and ask for it. The wifi didn't work. The shower was a dribble and scalding hot. It wasn't really what I had pictured for our romantic night away from the kids in London. On the plus side the location was great and very close to the tube. Lovely surroundings. I would not recommend or go again.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or725-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect stay....,"I was on small trip in London with my family last week.I choose colonnade nd I would say it's perfect hotel in London room size,bed size,cleanness everything is perfect nd staff was very helpful and friendly(specially Dolsten) I'll definitely visit again nd again....",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or725-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic...,I loved the hotel... the rooms are clean and tidy... the staff was very good and amazing service... my family is looking forward to our next holiday in London and of course for our stay in this amazing  hotel...,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or725-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel down by the canal,"Lucky enough to find this hotel on Achica and took a chance with it being outside inner London;  but only 100 yards from Warwick Avenue tube and the Regent Canal.  Hotel is very welcoming and our room was medium size with a large bed... so no complaints.  Of course, the hotel could do with some refurb, but you will enjoy your stay and the old-fashioned lift.  Breakfast is ""different"", with everything served at your table;  but served exactly as you ask for it - if you ask for cereal, you must remember to ask for milk! and don't forget butter for your toast!  But the staff are really nice ...they just need a little guidance.  Take a walk around the area ....visit the Quince Tree and the Summerhouse ....fabulous food",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or730-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Always a challenge finding a good hotel in London and came up with another disappointment. Location is only a few minutes walk from Warwick Ave tube station and in a very pleasant part of town, all staff are friendly and do their jobs perfectly and with a smile (except the ""I can only do 1 thing at a time"" male waiter for breakfast....!!!). The Persian dinner was exceptionally good. Now the bad news, I noted photos of very attractive bedrooms on Booking.com but our room, number 18, was definitely not on the list!! It was small, overcrowded with mismatched furniture, had a stale smell and stank of dirty drains and the carpet was so filthy I had to wipe my feet when coming OUT of the room!!! No other rooms were available. Good hotel pity about the accommodation!!!",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or730-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","""A Return Visit""",This was my third stay at the hotel and as enjoyable as my first two. Location cannot be beaten and nor can the friendliness of the staff. The staff is always there to greet you when you return and willing to make your stay even more enjoyable. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family and would definitely come back to stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or730-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little Venice getaway,"The colonnade is a really Lovely hotel, great service throughout our whole stay,  and very nice suite that we stayed in which they upgraded us to for free!  Dinner was excellent as well as breakfast. Really would highly recommend ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or730-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lucky to get a Good Room,"Stayed for 6 nights early September, in a Deluxe Double room,  Moved here after staying in South Kensington. Happened to be the warmest September day for 106 years. Arrived at 1 pm and after manhandling our suitcases up the steps (no porters) was told by reception that check in was at 2 pm and there was no chance of getting a room before that time. Left the bags in the lobby (no security and no tags) and went and had some lunch from a canal boat that we found.  Returned at 2.15. Room not ready. Was told it was worth the wait as we had a good room !!. Finally got the room at 2.40  Room was on the 3rd floor away from the lift. Decorated in a classical style, overall effect was spoilt by by an ugly large urn shaped lamp with a wonky shade on the desk that served no purpose and was…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or730-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An unforgettable honeymoon,"My wife and I planned our honeymoon to London and decided to treat ourselves to an unforgettable experience. We were not disappointed!  We booked a junior suite, and slept at the Turing suite in the hotel, with a lovely 4 poster bed, high ceiling and lovely furniture.  The staff was very friendly and helpful and the hotel even has a lovely house cat who likes to relax at the entrance.  The building itself dates back to the 1800's, and is very charming. You won't find modern rooms there, but this is part of the charm and the reason why we chose this hotel in the first place.  While the shower doesn't offer the best water pressure, and the toilet has a flush which takes some practice, we did have a very comfortable stay. The bed was definitely comfortable and the linnen…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or735-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Charming hotel, great location!","Stayed for 2 nights, away from kids escape. What a great choice! The room was beautiful, cosy and warm. Had dinner once in the restaurant and breakfast. Good food and delicious pancakes! Will return with kids next time! The location is great! Tube just outside. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or735-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden gem,"Visited The Colonnade recently for the first time with my girlfriend. Service was great from check in to check out - the staff were constantly attentive and welcoming. The room was beautiful and cosy - the four poster bed was a great touch too. Breakfast was fantastic, we enjoyed this in the hotel's restaurant. The restaurant specialises in Persian food - we tried one evening and it was delicious!   Overall was a perfect stay. We will definitely be returning to The Colonnade in the future! ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or735-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",not 4 star,"Stayed in two rooms as first room allocated was so small I felt claustrophobic and the cleanliness of the room was terrrible. Was offered another room as soon as we complained, but did not ask what we thought was wrong with the room. If nobody asks, how will they sort the problems. 2nd room was not much better, cleanliness awful and the bed was the worst bed i have ever slept on, but could not be bothered changing room again as waiting around for another room to be allocated encroached on our sightseeing time as we were only there for a few days.. Would not stay in this hotel again. badly let down by the housekeeping.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or735-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Abrupt and unhelpful on phone,"I phoned to ask about availability on a date in November when I was planning on booking a room but was told by the staff member who answered the phone that she couldn't help me as the ""reservations team had all gone home"".  I have now booked to stay somewhere else that could help me.  Very disappointing service.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or735-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little gem,Lovely little hotel on a quiet street. Staff where excellent very help full and friendly. Tube right on out door step was a bonus. The only thing bad I can say is that our room was a little on the small side and no view but as I got it from groupon and didn't pay the full price we didn't mind to much. Also there is no pubs / bars near by but as I said the tube is right outside.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or740-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"We stayed at the Colonnade Hotel on our first night in London.  It was fantastic!  It is a beautiful place, near Little Venice, near Paddington Station.  The room we had was outstanding.  It was very comfortable, and luxurious.  The staff were very friendly and helpful.  Plenty of places to eat close by, as well as the restaurant on premises.  Just a short walk to Little Venice and Regent's Canal.  I'd definitely recommend it!!!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or740-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great ambience but breakfast was pure Fawlty Towers,"We were two couples staying overnight for a catch up weekend. Great location for Lords cricket ground, rooms with character, good facilities all round and ambience appropriate to a niche hotel. Breakfast, however, reduced us to wry smiles as everything we asked for came to us in a form and time that we were not expecting. It was fun. We'd go back!",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or740-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Peaceful location close to central London,"I stayed at the Colonnade for 3 nights. A big plus point for this hotel is its location – so close to the centre of London but with an unhurried atmosphere.  The Warwick Avenue tube station is a minute’s walk away and there are shops and places to eat either just around the corner in Formosa Street or a little further away in Clifton Gardens. Much of the  hotel is dated and could do with some modernisation. The lift that goes only as far as the 3rd floor is particularly quirky.  My  room on the 4th (top) floor was small but with a double bed and a tiny bathroom. However, it suited my needs. At first I thought there were no tea / coffee making facilities in the room but, after giving up hope, I discovered them in the bedside cabinet.  The continental breakfast included in the…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or740-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable warm if a little frayed at the edges!,"Stayed for one night on business at the Colonnade.  It's a nice place with plenty of old world charm and a lift to film a Poirot episode!  Very art deco.  The staff were great and the room was clean comfortable and warm.    Mine was close to the lift and it was compact which was fine.  The furnishings and fittings are starting to show some wear and the shower tray needed a bit of TLC to be repaired to good standard.  The bathroom was narrow and I was glad I was slim!  Unfortunately the iron and trouser press did not work, grr.  Breakfast was fine and served with a smile.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or740-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Simply Delightful!,My husband and i had a memorable stay here for our Pearl Wedding Anniversary! From the moment we arrived - and throughout our short stay the staff were quite exceptional! The room was spacious and comfortable with everything from a safe to ironing board and hospitality tray included. The afternoon tea was beautiful and freshly made and the continental breakfast served us well too! The location of this delightful hotel is great for going up to Camden by narrowboat which is just down the road. All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely return....,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or745-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Small intimate boutique hotel,Room was small but adequate but the bathroom definitely tight if you are tall! Had a friendly and informal feel to the place. Very handy for Warwick Avenue tube station literally across the road. Really good breakfast - cooked to order.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or745-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice quiet, away from  the noise- hotel, and convenient to everything",Well located in a quiet area just north of Paddington and away from the crowds. Quiet neighborhood in Maida of Vale yet close to everything and great walking. Warwick Ave. Tube Station 100yds away and several local shops -restaurants within 2 minute walk. Arrived early in the day and staff was very accommodating to help store luggage until room was ready. Room was nice and quiet and much larger than some of rooms we have had facing Hyde Park and K Gardens. Highly recommend and will stay again. Might also add they were very helpful in arranging car service from Heathrow. Definitely on of our better stays in London!,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or745-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful little gem!,"Beautiful hotel nestled in Little Venice.  Central location with restaurants nearby. Comfortable hotel, staff very friendly and professional.  Although our room was on top floor; up in the God's, it was small but clean and well presented.  Only downside was that our shower was a dribble! Great place....",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or745-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Stunning hotel and beautiful bedroom, quality sleep and furniture","Stunning looking hotel and furniture - view was amazing as well. We had a suite room and the room, four posted bed and linen were luxury. The floor length curtain were totally black out and so the sleep was amazing, totally impressive hotel, only drawback about the hotel was the that the bathroom was a minor let down in terms of standard did not match the rest of the hotel. Shower was a little weak and disappointing, but on the whole, would still stay there. Enjoyed our night and staff are helpful & professional. Parked right outside on a Friday night as there was a free spot, didn't have to pay and didn't move the car until 4pm Sat - still no charge, rare for London and definitely a perk!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or745-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel with Character,"Stayed for 2 nights , friendly hotel , a little dated but adds to its character , staff were all very friendly , room was clean and tidy , we did get upgraded to a suite which gave a bit more room . Tube is less than 100m away and surrounding area is very nice with good pub and restaurants just round the corner , nice stroll in Little Venice as well ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or750-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",lovely hotel and area handy for lords cricket ground,"we recently stayed for two nights to coincide with England vs Pakistan odi at lords. The ground is only a pleasant 10 min walk to the ground and only a 2 min walk from warwick avenue tube station. The Hotel looks very grand and is positioned in a very convenient area. we had a room on the top floor but we had a problem with noise from some unidentified area in the building. The hotel staff couldn't find the source, but at almost midnight, they found us another room which was an upgrade to a suite and allowed us to stay in there for the two nights which was much appreciated. Staff very good, no breakfast included and we didn't eat there so cant comment on that. overall a great place to stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or750-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A true little gem,"The hotel itself is easy to get to and convenient to the Warwick Avenue tube station, You pretty much fall out of the tube station and the hotel is in front of you! Turn left when you exit Warwick Av and the hotel is across the road in front, It isnt easily marked, look out for the Alan Turin blue plaque and the name of the hotel is on the floor steps. It's a very old building, but it's looked after.  We had a small room downstairs and was a little disapointed but didn't feel right in asking for an upgrade or different one. The room itself was clean and presentable and I had the best night's sleep due to the comfy bed. The room has an ironing kit and the normal extras, apart from tea and coffee making facilities..... Something my partner missed.  The main thing about this hotel…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or750-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky but acceptable,It is a reasonable room close to Paddington and Warwick tube station. Four poster canopy bed is nice but leaves me sleeping funny. Shower is hard to dial in the temperature and seems in need of updating. Water pressure is fine. Some minor visible wear in room. Warning to allergy sufferers: bring antihistamine. There is a lobby cat (whom my wife finds cute but leaves me worried about red eyes).   Try to stay on an upper floor. Lower floor rooms may be noisier. The breakfast is sit down service and can be slow. There is a kettle in the room but no provided coffee or tea. Complementary bottled water is provided. ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or750-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from home,"As always, the lovely staff and comfortable facilities of the Colonnade Hotel made my stay last week feel like my home away from home. it is rare to find such a hotel in a large city which makes one feel as special as this hotel does. Thank you.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or750-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice friendly hotel - and getting better,"Second visit (stayed for wife's birthday in April) then again in August.    On first visit we left with a few niggles which we outlined at the time and the management took them all on board constructively and with concern.  But credit where due they certainly put things right on the return visit.  The club room on first visit needed a bit of TLC but the suite we were allocated on our return visit was clean, comfy, roomy and well decorated with a very comfy king-size bed. Good air-con and plenty of storage space.  Reception staff here cant be faulted, they deliver old fashioned service where the customer is considered right....  and really go out of their way to help and deal with issues.   The location of the hotel itself is ideal for us, being a few steps away from Little…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or755-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good Service.,"Stayed for one night on a business trip and arrived quite late but this was no problem for them. In fact they upgraded my room! The staff were very friendly and helpful and, if you want to eat out, there is a pub and a couple of restaurants just around the corner. If you fancy going anywhere else the Tube station is close by.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or755-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Needs updating,"The facade and location are beautiful and the lobby area is actually quite pleasant.  However, the rooms have not been refreshed or updated in decades.  They are not just dated but actually there is scuffed paint and scratched wood everywhere.  The bathrooms are some of the worst I have ever seen.  It's a shame given the potential of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or755-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in a lovely area!! ,"This hotel is fantastic!   We were welcomed by very friendly and efficient staff at reception, the service continued when our bags were taken to our room for us.. Its a nice touch when your not used it.  The rooms are extremely comfortable, large and filled with everything you could need! All adding up to a very relaxing stay.  The hotel is in one of the nicest parts of London and is only a short walk to the tube stop which takes you straight into the centre, or you can ride the canal boat right into camden for some great street food.  This has been our second stay at the hotel and will most definitely be returning.     ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or755-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colannade Hotel.,My partner recently had her 50th Birthday celebrations at the Colonnade Hotel. The staff were extremely polite and could not do enough for you. The venue for the party was the main restaurant with its glass ceiling which was perfect. We stayed in the Freud suite which had 3 levels and was without doubt the finest room I have ever stayed in. Situated in Maida Vale next to Little Venice was a great location to explore the delights of London. A big thank you to Athena for effortlessly organising the whole event. Splendid time had by all!,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or755-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good location ,"If your looking for hotel away from all the hustle & bustle of the centre then this hotel is an ideal choice.   We stayed 2 nights in a suite it was tastefully decorated clean, tidy and very comfortable.   The only issue I had was that bed was on the mezzanine level all very nice, but the air conditioning unit was placed on the wall blowing out cold air right onto me all night right onto face trouble is if turned it off the room seemed to get so warm. Thankfully on the 2nd night my husband had managed to regulate the temperature a lot better so it was not has bad.   The location of this hotel for getting tube was ideal only 2 minutes walk away and if you did not want to catch tube they was plenty of taxis parked up, we took a cab 1st night to watch Wicked and cost was £15 so not…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or760-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Hotel in Good Location,"My wife and I stayed here last week for 1 night. We both thought that the hotel was very nice as were the staff. The staff in particular were very friendly and helpful at all times. We were put into a  suite with a 4 poster bed, very comfortable indeed. The breakfast was also excellent and most enjoyable. The location was great, very close to the underground and only a few minutes walk from Little Venice. We will most certainly stay here again when we are in this part of town.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or760-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An absolute gem of a find,"We have been very impressed by this hotel, the location is perfect just minutes from tube and in a quiet elegant area. The hotel outside was immaculate and the inside did not disappoint. This place has loads of personality and charm. Staff and service was top notch and the room was opulent. The bed was outstanding huge and incredibly comfortable. Will stay here again and again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or760-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A little gem,Lovely little gem tucked away from the hustle and bustle of London but only 2 mins from a tube stop so easy enough to get into the city ( 1 stop to Paddington) . Lovely staff who could not do enough for you . ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or760-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Set in a very good area,The hotel is clean. Staff are polite and friendly. Underground is two minutes walk. Breakfast is very good. You would be hard pressed to find an hotel as good for the price in that area. There is a canal close by which is worth a walk.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or760-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",City Break,"My wife found The Colonnade hotel on Groupon and we stayed for 2 nights bed & breakfast.   This hotel is located a short walk from Warwick Avenue tube station in ""Little Venice"" which I had not heard of in London. It is in a residential area away from the hustle and bustle but only minutes away from the city via the tube system.   All of the staff were very friendly and our room was very comfortable especially the 4 poster bed.   The restaurant was very good and we had our breakfast and one evening meal there which was lovely sitting outside taking advantage of the weather.   I would recommend this hotel and we will certainly use it again when we next visit London ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or765-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Oasis in a sea of madness,"If you're looking for somewhere classy to stay that is just a skip and a jump away from the West End the Colonnade is it.   Exquisite furnishing, fabulous rooms in a real unique way. So not a chain hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or765-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",London retreat close to the action,"We stayed there twice in the last ten days, once for three nights and once for two. This property is located just one stop form the bustle of Paddington but in a quiet, somewhat secluded neighborhood known as Little Venice due to the canals in the area.  Rooms are ginormous by London standards (similar in size to those found in many U.S. hotels). Prices are reasonable, and you can walk to both a Sainsbury's Local and a Tesco Express to stock up, as well as to Abbey Road Studios (don't get run over taking your iconic photo).  Staff are generally pleasant. Alan Turing was born in this hotel, though it was a hospital then.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or765-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely girly break,Great hotel. Excellent location and really clean. Would be really good for a couples break as the hotel has a really romantic feel. Literally just outside Warwick Avenue station so amazing location. Will definitely return. Couldn't ask for anymore! ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or765-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The colonnade Hotel  London ,"Hi stayed at this hotel for 2 night. 23-24 th August. Room was lovely staff excellent, and very friendly. Location of hotel was good for tube station. The hotel cat was also lovely. Breakfast great choice. Will definitely stay here again when back in London. X",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or765-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",S caruso,Beautiful location but hotel very disappointing. Room very stuffy couldn't open windows and air conditioning had not been turned on for our arrival. There was no remote for the TV until a search elsewhere produced one. Three lamps were not working so lighting very gloomy. The lock on the door broke and our key card would not work and housekeeping missed cleaning our room because we put a do not disturb on the broken door for security reasons. No communication between staff and attitude of one manageress belligerent. Toilet worked spasmodically and seemed partially blocked. For the £££££ it cost to stay there they need to improve on managing the finer details. ,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or770-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming hotel,"A lovely hotel with charming staff - on check-in I was offered a complimentary breakfast, which I took on their lovely sunny terrace.  The rooms are all different, very well furnished traditional, but elegant, and very comfortable, some with four poster beds or balconies with a view of leafy Maida Vale. Facilities include free bottled water,  tea/coffee making stuff, with a with huge range of teas, and a well stocked mini bar. The location is fantastic in a peaceful elegant street, with good access to Tube and with shops and very nice restaurants nearby.  The hotel is good value for the class and location, so would highly recommend.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or770-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great neighborhood locale.  Needs TLC.,"I stayed two nights at this Maida Vale gem while moving out of my flat nearby.  The hotel's location near Formosa street, tube stop and canals is ideal for holiday travelers wanting to stay near friends/family or someplace central and off the beaten path.  The suites are all enormous - much larger than a typical London hotel. Staff was friendly and efficient without being in your way. Nearby are great restaurants and what I think is the most beautiful pub in London: the Prince Alfred.   Avoid rooms in the basement... Ask to make sure you're above ground level.  Decor is heavy, over-the-top and feels dated... You'll love it if dark velvet and reproduction suits of armor are your thing.  Some bathrooms are recently remodeled, but bath linens are fraying.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or770-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing place,"The hotel boasts about history and well located hotel. I chose this hotel for its good trip advisor ratings and it truly deserves more. Surprisingly they have a cat which lives inside the hotel, 5 stars and thank you for making me feel at home. Will definitely come back!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or770-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great period boutique hotel with friendly staff,"We stayed in this hotel as part of our first big trip to Europe from 20th July for 5nights. Close to the tube, in a beautiful part of London. Room was bigger that we were expecting and very comfortable. Great old school lift and staff were very friendly. Would stay there again if we are ever in London again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or770-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not the hotel it used to be,"We have stayed at the Colonnade many times over the last twelve years and I am afraid the standard has gone down and the price has gone up. The club rooms on the top floor need to be completely refurbished. Window that would not close completely. Tap in the bath with constant running water Twin with no bedside table on one bed. Handle on closet hanging limp. Generally run down . There used to be magazines in the room and newspapers hanging on your door in the morning  The ""do not disturb "" used to be an amusing soft toy cat that hung on your bedroom door handle. All in all I think the hotel is cutting costs at the expense of the individual character that set it apart from other boutique hotels. The position can't be faulted and Little Venice is lovely . ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or775-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not a four star hotel,"We booked this hotel through Secret Escapes.On arrival we were greeted and checked in quickly in a very luxurious reception/lounge. Our room on the fourth floor was accessed via an old style lift and a flight of steep stairs. The room was small with a certain charm. However, very faded curtains, peeling paint on window ledges and poor lighting just made it look very shabby. The bathroom was tiny with a bizarre shower set up over the bath.   We felt that this hotel lacked certain criteria expected of a four star hotel as no promised complimentary paper delivered to room, room not cleaned on one day and turn down service didn't happen on final evening.  A reasonable hotel but really not a four star.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or775-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Okay, not worth the price","Stayed overnight and paid 178 for a room. The room was quite small and the tv was a tiny thing hanging off the wall. We we're on 4th floor, but the lift only takes you to 3rd so had to get off and walk a flight of stairs everytime we went to and from our room. We also reserved a spot for parking at the hotel for 20£, was expecting a car park, turned out to be a tiny garage that just about fit our car. The staff we're friendly and very helpful, but the hotel is extremely overrated for the price. You can find cheaper alternatives nearly!",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or775-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy little hotel,"We actually live around the corner but had decorators in so needed to move out for one night.  We know the area well and it's quiet and away from the hustle and bustle of London within really easy and quick distance on the bakerloo line to get into town.  The hotel is a definite 4 * and very cosy.  It is an old building so naturally expect creaky floorboards and lots of steps, although they have a cute and very old lift.   We stayed in room 21 on the 2nd which was quiet, again naturally you hear the tube running but not loud on this floor.  Our room had quite a few steep steps to the bathroom, which I didn't mind at all as I'm able and it added quaintness to the room.  Our room was small but again that wasn't a problem.  My husband is 6ft 4 so struggles with the double bed and…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or775-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet and affordable luxury,"This is our 3rd stay over the last few years and every time it gets better.   The location of this boutique townhouse hotel is perfect , just a few mins walk to the Grand Union Canal with its bars and restaurants and opposite the tube so you literally have the whole of London on your door step.  The rooms are very ornate, and quiet having full black out curtains so make sure you set an alarm if you have to get up early in the am !  Looking forward to the next opportunity to stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or775-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Old, dirty tiny room","We were transfered to this hotel from the Tophams Hotel for some vague reason. We were promised suites but I got the miniature room. Single bed, no storageroom the hairdryer and tea cettle were on the floor for lack of space. The bedlinnen was dirty and the matress was old and had that crook in the middle. When turning in the bed I hit my knee against the wall several times. The bathroom was not big enough to walk from the toilet to the shower without making a strange move. (I did the shuffle). The food was good but took a while and the waitress wore so much perfume it distroyed my appitite.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or780-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wallpaper coming of the walls!,"Stopped here for two days to celebrate our 30th Wedding Anniversary, was apparently upgraded to a Club Room which we originally hadn't booked but were disappointed with it. Wallpaper coming off walls small room, small bathroom where you had to run around in the shower to get wet! However staff were friendly especially on the reception and bar. Probably wont be coming back, sorry. Great location, transport facilities for bus and tube.  Little Venice is a little Gem!",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or780-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights last week, a very nice 4 star hotel with a restaurant serving quality food at reasonable price.  The hotel is only 2  minutes walk to the tube, the Warwick Avenue subway station and 5 minutes travel time to Paddington station, very convenient. The classic standard room is comfortable but the bathroom is extremely small.  The hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood, close to 'Little Venice'.  The staffs are friendly and helpful, the buffet breakfast is so good that one should not miss it, they serve Persian cuisine for dinner, the lamb skew tasted heavenly.  There is only one complain that prevents me giving out the full score of 5 star rating : the bed was  unmade on the second day of our stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or780-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Luxurious stay in a typically English style hotel,"We had a lovely weekend on our first trip to London! Our room was very comfortable with a four poster bed and many unique features. We had breakfast in the morning. Is a la carte and not a buffet which we appreciated. Was tasty with home made jam too! Staff was pleasant and very helpful. We loved the homey feeling which cannot be found in ""factory"" hotels. Will absolutely recommend to friends and relatives. We look forward to our return next year!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or780-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet and Beautiful,We enjoyed our recent stay here very much. You are steps away from the Tube station. The neighborhood surrounding the hotel is very nice-upscale and quiet. There are several nice shops and restaurants within walking distance. The canals are close and very charming. Our room was spacious-on the first floor just steps from the lobby. It was well appointed and comfortable. Our travel companions were in smaller rooms and were amazed at our large bathroom. The staff was very helpful and attentive-even arranged a taxi to take us to the airport. It was very nice to escape the hustle and bustle of the city and come back to the Colonnade in the evening. The resident cat was a great addition to the charm!,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or780-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful short stay,Beautiful hotel on leafy peaceful part of London.Our room was clean and spacious and every member of staff we met were extremely friendly and helpful. The park and Little Venice 5 mind walk away where you can catch a canal boat with interesting commentary along to Camden market where you can have your pick of street food.2mins walk to Warwick Avenue tube station Would stay there again.Very pleasant experience.Thanks to all the staff particularly the Iranian lady on the desk but we also met at breakfast.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or785-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Tatty, dated, dirty and totally overpriced.","This is the second time we have stayed here due to the location being conveniently nearby to a family member's home; we weren't overly impressed the first time but our stay last night was appalling.  First impressions of this hotel are good: a pretty exterior, pleasant reception area and, of course, the historical connection with Alan Turing. However, it is the bedrooms that really let this hotel down. They are scruffy, poorly maintained and are in desperate need of updating. There is nothing better than a building that showcases original features and antiques, but when you mix this with tatty bed linen, dirt and broken appliances then the feel is more like Dracula's castle than a traditional hotel. The room we were put in was on the top floor. To get to it we had to carry four…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or785-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Stay.,"My wife and I had a lovely stay at this beautiful hotel. The staff was excellent and helpful. It is a lovely hotel in a green and quiet area. Very close to the tube station. Was lovely to sit outside and enjoy a drink after a day around London. The restaurant was lovely with great helpful staff, we enjoyed a great meal as the chef cooked a lovely Persian dish. We enjoyed our stay very much and will stay here again when we return to London in the future. Thanks to all the staff for making our stay memorable. And the lovely hotel cat Minnie was so sweet.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or785-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming older hotel,"We chose the Colonnade because it was located very close to our son's flat in London and we simply needed a convenient place to sleep for a few nights. The location was what we expected but the accommodations were cramped, which I'm told is what I should expect in a London hotel. The room was quite clean if the decor was a bit dated. The bathroom was long and narrow and your knees almost hit the wall when seated on the commode. The elevator had an old fashioned grille that needed to be opened when entering or exiting and shuddered and clanked in use. All that being said the staff was friendly and helpful, and because it met our most important need (location) we would consider staying there again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or785-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great leafy quiet location near tube,Beautiful building in leafy quiet area. Excellent service. Upgraded to fabulous suite (Turing). Four poster and sumptuous decor. Warwick Avenue tube 2 mins walk. Nice breakfast. Nice Outdoor terrace for bar and food. Good value deals. Would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or785-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An elegant and  historic hotel for a weekend stay,"From the moment we stepped inside the hotel we knew we would have a lovely time staying here.The decor reminds you of a bygone era. The reception staff were welcoming and helpful,we'd arrived before check in time but they were quite happy to store our luggage so we could explore the surrounding area. When we did check in we'd been upgraded to a junior suite on the ground floor, which was extremely spacious with an enormous bed and big bathroom( shower over bath) There are various sized rooms and some although classed as double are more suited to  single occupancy (e.g room 21) The hotel is situated about a fifteen minute walk from Paddington Station but you would never think you were that close as the area is lovely and quiet. It's near to the canal where you can get a boat up…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or790-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Celebration - one night stay,I stayed at The Colonade Hotal for one night in July. The occasion was to celebrate my Aunt's 70th Birthday and we shared the Freud Suite.The suite has an unusual layout (in keeping with its namesake) and has wonderful facilities including an incredibly deep bath and the main king size bed being situated up on a balcony. The staff were all polite and helpful and we enjoyed a tasty breakfast in the restaurant.  All in all - a very enjoyable stay.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or790-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel in the heart of Little Venice,"I visited with Colonnade with my sister and Aunt to celebrate my Aunt's 70'th birthday. The location was perfect, we went to the Ballet at the London Coliseum in the evening after having dinner at the London Elizabeth. The next day we went on a canal trip up to Camden Market. The trips are a short walk away from the hotel and I would highly recommend them. You see London from a different perspective. The staff went out of their way to accommodate us - we felt like royalty. We will definitely be going back.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or790-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",We stayed one night here for a special birthday. What a lovely experience we had!,"This hotel is in a lovely,quiet part of London only a couple of streets away from Little Venice and very near the tube station. We had a beautiful room, equipped with everything we could have possibly wanted.  We didn't have a meal there but we had brunch the following morning which was excellent.  All the staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble.  All in all a very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or790-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel especially for Lords Cricket Ground,This hotel is very close to the underground (5 mins). It is a 10-15 minute walk to Lords Cricket ground. the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The room was small but perfect for a nights stay. The bed was very comfortable. The restaurant was on the lower floor but had a lovely glass ceiling so was bright. We had a lovely set priced two course lunch with a free glass of wine. My hubby said the food was fabulous and he is very fussy.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or790-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",1st Stop 3 Nights of a 25 Day Honeymoon,"Tucked away in a quiet part of London is this gem of a hotel, some might call a boutique hotel. Historic, Quaint and from the first time to see her till you leave you feel at home. Heavy carpets, high ceilings, quiet rooms, comfy beds, wonderful meandering staircases, one of the oldest antique elevators you'll ride, (sliding grate and all). A wonderful restaurant ready to serve excellent meals and a group of people so kind and accommodating you feel appreciated and valued. I sat in the lobby on one of the sofas for a time and just pondered the life of this Grand Dame. Character, attention to detail and tradition are ubiquitous. Well done!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or795-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"We chose The Colonnade as our base for our trip to Lords. It was the perfect location, very near Warwick Ave tube and being in a more residential area the roads around the Hotel were quiet.  A very quiet nights sleep followed by a good breakfast set us up for a lovely walk along the canal to the cricket.   Although the building is a little tired in places as you would expect from somewhere with plenty of history the staff were very good. You could do a lot worse than stay there.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or795-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",There's a beautiful resident cat!,"Stayed here for two nights while meeting up with family in London. Very comfortable hotel with a fascinating history. The air con was much needed and very efficient. Breakfasts were excellent, especially the home made marmalade and perfect scrambled eggs. Rare to get perfect scrambled eggs!  The staff were without exception absolutely lovely. I was so well looked after by them, especially on my first night when I was on my own prior to bring joined by the rest of the family. I was given an enormous glass of pink bubbly as a complimentary welcome drink and then invited to a free tasting of some delicious Persian food.  Best of all, though, was the dear little hotel cat - a brindle, named Minet (?) She was so sweet and friendly but definitely in charge.  Will definitely be…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or795-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",True British Hotel,My husband and I were in London on a 10 day vacation.  We stayed at The Colonnade for 4 nights.  It was the perfect place for us.  It is about one block from a tube station which can get you anywhere in London.  It is located in an upper class residential area.  Our room was a suite that overlooked the front of the hotel.  Absolutely worth the extra cost.  We chose not to include the breakfast and found a nice cafe around the corner.  I would definitely recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or795-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel with some nice touches,"I booked this hotel based on the price and proximity to paddington station. On arriving in the hotel we were really impressed. Has a really nice entry lounge with a cat, which may wife loved. The building is the birthplace of Alan Turing, which is declared outside on an English Heritage plaque. Our room was not ready at 1,30pm when we arrived which is to be expected so we left our bags at reception. They were in our room waiting for us when we returned. Our room was on the lower ground floor and was fairly well appointed. Only trouble was the noise from the underground trains which were very loud in the room.  Staff were courteous and helpful. We did not get a chance to try the breakfast. Good for a short, good value stay. Easy to walk to paddington in 10 minutes.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or795-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"The best hotel I have stayed in...starting from the smiling staff right to the end was an awesome experience! The location, rooms and ambience was simply palatial, but what made my stay memorable was the team and minnie. The hotel manager Dev was always around making sure everything was fine. Dolsten at the reception was so warm, polite and professional and made us feel so comfortable and welcome on arrival. Jean, sakeen, Kamelia and vasile have been fantastic as well.Will be back next summer.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or800-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely and comfortable!,"This was a very nice hotel!  We had a very comfortable room and the breakfast was wonderful!  We had a few minor issues (the safe wouldn't open, I needed to borrow a hair dryer, and the towel warmer was not working) and someone showed up immediately to resolve them.  The only issues- the hall smelled like curry and the shower wasn't the best.  But definitely a great all-around hotel!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or800-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A historical place combined with an excellent price/quality ratio,"Historical place where Freud were used to stay, JFK too.  We stayed in this confortable during 3 nights.  First good news, at our arrival, we were upgraded (we saw the first room which was absolutely acceptable).  The hotel is in a quiet and pleasant area. People are nice and discrete.  Well located in the Little Venice, closed to a Metro Station and pleasant walking distance to Regents Park.  You want to have a short stay in London, go there ! you will not disappointed.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or800-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent. One of the better hotels that I have visited in London,"Lovely little gem of a  hotel, in a good area, near to a tube stop but quiet. Good nearby pubs and restaurants. The service was excellent, all the staff warm and welcoming.  Quite close to little venice and the canal. The hotel has a bit of interesting history, is lovely inside, fascinating staircases. The room had traditional furnishings and  was a reasonable size with room for a couple of chairs and small table sitting area in addition to the usual furniture, a bath and separate shower all clean and comfortable. I felt the room was a little dark and smelled a bit musty, but the lighting made it pleasant enough and we did ask for a quiet room this one seemed to be at the back and was quiet. There was a medium and small window but opaque. The restaurant and bar serving mainly…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or800-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AMAZING,"Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights on 08/07/16 .Great location for trains to get you around london,but far away if you want peace and quite ,We had room 47 at the top of the hotel ,but it was great for us as a base for a concert at hyde park,we walked to hyde park and it took about 40 mins,The locaton of the hotel is great and will stay there in the future",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or800-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade hotel,Excellent hotel. Staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. Room was very comfortable and the setting was great. Easy access to the tube.Will definitely return . Also very happy to stay in Alan Turing's birthplace!,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or805-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Business Stopover,"Lovely location, the building is full of history, and lovely decorations, you can easily spend an hour or so exploring the staircases, pictures, and rooms. I love the Persian Knight's armour. I was travelling alone on business, the hotel is a short walk from the tube and easy to find. The staff are more than helpful and kind. There is a modern underground  glass roofed restaurant and bar, where i enjoyed a full english breakfast. The courtyard garden is ideal for having a drink in the sunshine, as i did on arrival. There are pubs and restaurants locally to explore too. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or805-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The staff make this hotel 4* ++,"The hotel staff were all so welcoming & attentive, very professional presentation - the staff really make this hotel more then 4*.  The hotel may be old but it's characteristics give it a unique old feel which is not a bad thing. We stayed in a Junior Suite which was clean, spacious and very pleasant. We plan to stay at the hotel again when we next visit London. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or805-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little Venice delights,"We have always loved Little Venice, with its village atmosphere and super transport links, so when we needed to spend a night in London we did not hesitate to choose this hotel, whose exterior we had long admired. We were certainly not disappointed. Our room was lovely, with glorious high ceilings, and service throughout the hotel was friendly and courteous. Wifi excellent. A delicious free English breakfast was offered as our 'reward' for booking direct with the hotel, which in any case we prefer. We shall certainly return - so much nicer than the big corporate hotels.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or805-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Gorgeously charming boutique hotel in a beautiful area,"The Colonnade Hotel, a fabulous boutique hotel in Little Venice, London. This charming hotel has a very rich history and to this day retains the original lift, reputed to be one of the oldest operating lifts in the UK, which was a great experience. We had a wonderful stay here, the hotel was beautiful, our room was small but comfortable and contained everything we needed and the staff were great, very friendly and helpful. It was a 2 minute walk from the tube and just round the corner from the canal, waterside dining and canal trips - perfection! Already planning to stay again next year.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or805-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value Hotel,"Stayed here for just the 1 night as we were attending a wedding within walking distance of the hotel, so on that basis it was a great location for our needs. The hotel it's self is full of character blending in the the old victorian building that surround it. Great location to the underground and 6 stops you are in Oxford Circus. There are numerous places to eat nearby and just along the road to Little Venice you will find more bars and restaurants. The only problem i found was that we had a basic room and although it has character i found it a bit on the small side especially the bathroom, but it more than met my needs for the one night i required.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or810-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat,"Stayed at The Colonnade on Sat night, my only criticism is that the room was a bit on the small side, the staff were very helpful and the breakfast room is lovely.  We had a great time and would stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or810-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Value for money, service, ambience, position","My wife and I have travelled to over 50 countries and The Colonnade provided the finest service and friendliness that we have ever encountered. It really felt like a home from home and all the staff, from the front desk, restaurant and room staff went out of their way to satisfy our every need. The room had a wonderfully high ceiling and a four poster bed which gave it the feeling of opulence. The food was excellent. The position, one block from the tube is perfect. I couldn't recommend it more highly. Arnold Witkin",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or810-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel close to Warwick Avenue station,stayed here after going to a concert at Wembley as travel easy from Warwick Avenue tube station which is just around the corner.  Only negative is the sound proofing could be a lot better as could hear next door on phone talking as though they were in the room!,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or810-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely hotel for a great weekend,"We spent 4 nights at this hotel and were upgraded to a junior suite - Turing Suite, a lovely room with good views as there was a small balcony.  The staff were all very friendly and helpful.  The breakfast was lovely and staff there were very efficient and friendly.  We would have given it 5 stars but there were a couple of very minor problems, not enough tea bags, not enough milk and our last day (I forgot to put the card to request for the room to be cleaned) we had to request reception for this service as it was mid afternoon.  But on the whole a lovely stay and the location was brilliant as our son lived nearby!  It was also great to be able to sit outside the hotel in the early evening having a drink in lovely surroundings.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or810-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Weekend Break!,"All the staff here were very friendly and helpful. The hotel sits just a short walk from the Tube, is just around the corner from one of the oldest, quaintest pubs in the country (Prince Alfred) or why not take a stroll along the canal at Little Venice and take a break at the cafe boat in the basin, it's an aspect of London very few visitors are aware of but well worth the visit. The rooms were fabulous, very well decorated and the lift took me back in time. we'll definitely be back again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or815-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Elegance and hospitality at its best!,"Spent 3 days there with best friend and loved every minute of it. We were upgraded (without a request) to a junior suite. Staff could not have been nicer and the Persian Resturant was excellent.  Have stayed in London many times and of course like all key capitals the rooms are not huge, but this was well proportioned and positioned.   Finally the neighborhood was very quiet and lovely - with a good French Resturant just behind the hotel along with a fine cafe and a deli and a decent Pub. 2 minutes walk to Warwick Tube (Bakerloo Line 10 minutes to heart of London) , 5 minutes to Paddington (if you know where you are going!). And right beside Little Venice, canal bank walk and Regents Park.  Thanks to everyone at the Colonnade for the fabulous stay (including the kitty!). ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or815-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A charming but improvable place,"Location: in lovely little Venice, near Warwick avenue metro station. The surroundings are charming.  The hotel:  a boutique hotel with classical old fashioned pleasant  style.  The staff: variable. Check-in was very bad: the person did not not know how to make a key and when someone knowing it came, he gave me a room...which was already occupied.  People are nice overall but some of them are not very professional.   The room:  decoration is ok, but the room was small and dark, with an average quality bed and very basic equipment. I still wonder why there is only 2 hangers in the closet...  The bathroom: not maintained. The pipe of the shower was broken, the hair dryer was not functioning, the ventilator was inefficient and making the noise of a jumbo jet.  The breakfast: …",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or815-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay,"Very happy with hotel. Was comfy, clean and quiet.  Perfect location. Breakfast was well cooked. Would stay again. Staff were pleasant and helpful, restaurant staff seemed busy but police. Overall very pleased Some nice places to eat around little Venice and tube is a few stops to anywhere you need in London. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or815-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Colannade, little Venice","spent 3 nights in the Colonnade in June 2016. The bedroom was smaller than our en-suite at home, the bathroom was about the size of a good airing cupboard. Complementary fruit & newspaper never showed itself!  Only had breakfast which was OK apart from running out of porridge after the first day & aparently none could be sourced for the next two days! Service very good as the Ladies were trying hard even though a bit disjointed & maybe short staffed. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or815-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",uncooked rice were served for our wedding dinner party,"We booked our wedding dinner party in their restaurant and we stayed night there too.  - Location of hotel is very good near under ground and buss, also near café and shops. Their restaurant is very nice. -Our room were in basement, day time didn’t have natural light,  -could hear the underground noise when it was working, -early morning were very noisy staff were getting ready for breakfast could hear the doors and talking from hall way. -Room and furniture were very old looking.  -Room amenities were basic. -Hotel management didn’t bother to put even a small wedding wish note for us in the room.  -Rice they serve was uncooked and after we notify the staff, they tested and accept it but nothing was done about it and still was served. We did not receive any apology from the…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or820-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A boutique hotel,"A charming hotel with a very special d'core. The rooms are very spacious and nicely furnished.  Antique like style. Some rooms have large beds . Our did not. Next time we will ask for a large one. It is located in a beautiful quiet neighborhood right by Little Venice, away from all the noisy part of the city. We had a beautiful walk a long Little Venice. It takes approximately 2 hours to reach Camden Market from the hotel and it's worth it. Breakfast is served in a beautiful dining room with a glass roof.  You can find very nice restaurants near the hotel. We loved a Persian one and an I talian one named Red Pepper.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or820-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Different,"I like staying in hotels like this. Completely different from the chain hotels that you get. This was a nice hotel with staff who are friendly, helpful and attentive. The restaurant was quite nice. I enjoyed the meals I had there and there breakfast was made fresh rather than being a buffet which was just another little feather to their bow. Wi-Fi was good enough to have a video chat over it and for work purposes. I was in a room in the lower so a mobile signal wasn't always available and you could hear the Underground trains, but this didn't stop me from getting a good sleep. I would recommend this hotel and will certainly stay again when in the area.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or820-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely as always,"Just left the Colonnade Hotel after a lovely two week stay.  As always, I was made to feel most comfortable and welcome.  The hotel is peaceful and perfectly situated to reach all points in London.  Everyone on the staff was so kind and my room was exceptional.  A special THANKS to Maria, Jean, Dolsten and Danielle.   While I am sorry to leave, I am very much looking forward to another stay in September.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or820-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming and Comfortable in a wonderful London location!,"My husband and I stayed at the Colonnade for two weeks and I must say that it was the perfect place to be.  The hotel has an interesting history and is full of charming rooms and a lovely breakfast/dining area.  The inside rooms have all been renovated and redecorated with lots of storage space (in the room we had) and although the plumbing sometimes needs help when the hotel is full, the pluses far outweigh that one minus.  The Little Venice location is a short walk from the Warwick Avenue tube stop and bus stops to other parts of the city; also a 15 minute walk to Paddington Station.   Our room was in the front and noise was not a problem because the area is mostly residential.   Behind the hotel on Formosa Street are some excellent places to eat or buy snacks or forgotten…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or820-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel has charm and great staff,A stones throw from Warwick Ave tube station and 10 minute walk from 'Little Venice' its an ideal location. We arrived just after lunch time our room was ready for us. The concierge told us our room had been upgraded free of charge which we were very pleased with.   We only stayed the one night but we found the room very comfortable with all the usual amenities .We also had the hotels afternoon tea with a glass of champagne which was delicious and we sat out in the patio area in the sunshine.Breakfast was also very good and staff were very attentive. Overall we really enjoyed our stay here the staff were very polite and helpful.The hotel has lots of charm and history we were also able to leave our bags at the hotel on the Saturday so we went off sight seeing in London.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or825-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Location and staff make this hotel a good choice,"Just a 15 minute walk from Paddington Station through Little Venice (or 2 minutes from Warwick Ave tube if time is tight) makes this very easy to reach.  The staff were extremely pleasant and welcoming. As part of our weekend package we had afternoon tea which came with an unexpected (but very nice) glass of Prosecco. The hotel is an old building so rooms vary in shape and size, we were on the fourth floor which suited us but as the lift only goes to the third floor those who find stairs difficult should mention this on booking. Breakfast on the first day was a little disappointing as we requested well cooked sausages but they arrived still very pale and the fried eggs were hard.  The second day we avoided ordering a cooked breakfast and enjoyed fruit, cereals and warm pastries.…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or825-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fab Afternoon Tea,Visited Tuesday this week to use up voucher given to me by work chums for my 60th.   Hubbie and I had a fab tea with champagne- this does not pretend to be the Ritz or similar swanky hotel  but represented really good value for the voucher price. Staff were really friendly- waitress even remembered me from booking in the morning. Cakes were wonderful- scone must be amongst the best we have had ..ironically we had been in Devon and Cornwall the previous week and it beat the ones we had there hands down. Plenty of tea and dining room scrupulously clean- I can imagine it would be great to take tea outside in the summer .   Do not recognise some of the previous poor reviews - shame no smoked salmon sandwiches but quality of food and treatment by staff could not be faulted. Location…,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or825-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Solid Accommodation in the Heart of London,"Scored a very good deal via *****line.com's Express Deals on The Colonnade and really enjoyed our stay here. Obviously, if you're trying to stay in Central London, you're going to have a very hard time finding affordable accommodations. For what we paid, The Colonnade appears to have been leagues above the other options. A very pretty building, comfortably cozy in size, in the heart of Little Venice/Maida Vale, just a stone's throw from the Warwick Avenue Tube stop, making for easy access to the rest of London. A very quiet neighborhood, thankfully, a welcome respite from the bustle of more crowded parts of the city. Good eating/drinking establishments nearby. The room we were placed in had a lovely view southward toward the tube stop and was amply sized and appointed, my wife…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or825-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Old world charm...too bad the bed too was old and too old!,"I would have given this hotel a much higher rating if not for the old mattress that I had to sleep on for four nights. It was sagging at both sides which meant that I didn't get to sleep very  well. But possibly worse is that I got lots of bites on my legs... Something not very right here.  That said, the hotel exudes plenty of old world charm. Rich decor and furnishings. Warm friendly staff although the resident cat looks a tad stern. Food at the restaurant at the basement was great. Nice upmarket neighborhood. Great location too as it's just minutes away from the underground.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or825-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A true gem,"Perfect location from which to explore London with a tube stop a block away. What I loved most was the quiet elegance of the hotel and the neighborhood. Certain parts of London are full of throngs of people so coming back to the Colonnade at the end of the day was a relief for its serene atmosphere. We had a good sized room on an upper floor with a charming bathroom complete with great view of rooftops, a heated towel rack and deep tub. Very comfortable bed and small seating area with windows overlooking a quiet street lined with Georgian town homes. The property itself has an impressive history: birthplace of Alan Turing, temporary home to  Sigmund Freud and family, still boasting an old fashioned working elevator. We stayed in December 2015 and the hotel had a number of…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or830-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Happy Traveler,"We met with a helpful staff, wonderful room, good food and very friendly individuals.  They arranged for transportation, gave us helpful hints on where to go and what to see.  We had easy access to the subway and trains.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or830-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely, friendly and Professional staff",My friend and I enjoyed our stay at The Colonnade this weekend. The hotel which is in a great location has a boutique feel and is very sweet and quaint.  The staff were ever so friendly and welcoming.  Breakfast was lovely too.   Our only disappointment this time round is that we didn't get to see the cat :-(,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or830-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",High tea,"A group of 6 ladies, we had a superb afternoon tea here thanks to a special voucher offer. Staff were lovely and the bubbly just kept on coming. We had three glasses each, delightful finger sandwiches and delicious cakes and a lovely scone each with cream and jam. The hotel, which used to be a hospital where code-breaker Alan Turing was born, is near Little Venice, a great spot for a gentle stroll after tea. Look out for a deal and give yourself a treat. I noticed that they also do a lunch deal for under £15 for two courses including a glass of wine.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or830-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Good in parts, but disappointing overall","Like the curate's egg, the Colonnade was good in parts but there were specific aspects that were disappointing, baffling or unsatisfactory. First the good bits: Although we were going to a West End theatre, our landing time at Luton Airport meant that driving into central London would be a challenge time-wise.  Access to the Colonnade via the M1/Edgware Rd was straight-forward (40mins from Luton), and with the hotel only 2 mins walk to Warwick Avenue underground, and 14 mins on the tube to Charing Cross, the hotel's Maida Vale location well-met our travel limitations. The welcome on arrival was professional and friendly, and the initial appearance/condition of the hotel exterior and its public rooms certainly appeared to match its 4-star rating.  The double bedroom was a fair…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or830-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tiniest Room Ever!,"I was thrilled when I booked - this seemed like a nice traditional hotel near Little Venice and the price was right.  I got to the hotel and my first impression was good. Very traditional, however at closer look it was very worn.  But when I got yo my room I was shocked. It was the smallest room I had ever seen! Basically a single bed. The width was just one window. The closet was a hangar behind a curtain.  The bathroom was so tiny, you could barely open the door. You had to squeeze around the sink to enter the shower.  It was like a berth on a train. My closet at home is three times larger. The room was so hot, I opened the window, but the fire escape was full of pigeon poop. It was gross.  There was a lot of noise from the rickety elevator and from other guest rooms.  My wifi…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or835-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Good old hotel with atmosphere, friendly staff and shy cat!","I and my friend experienced very relaxed time there. Staff were kind and friendly. Although some equipments were very old (ex. the lift!), we also enjoyed them with atmosphere. We could say hello to Minnie, the cat who lives there. :)  We'd like to stay there again next chance.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or835-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Girls weekend away,"We were upgraded to a very nice deluxe room. Didn't eat there (had breakfast on the barge nearby) but enjoyed the atmosphere and wonderful attentive staff. Clean, comfortable. Lift was broken but we enjoyed the large stair climb to balance (not) the amount of food and drink consumed.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or835-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel in an excellent neighborhood!,"My partner and I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for 9 nights, from April 7th to the 16th.  Can't say enough good things about our stay.  This is a very charming and intimate hotel with a classic vibe.  The hotel has a wonderful history and is a nice blend of historic and up-to-date.  Maida Vale is a gorgeous area and very residential and quiet.  Every one of the staff we encountered was professional and extremely pleasant--from reception until they so nicely called us a cab back to Paddington.  And of course, Millie the resident kitty is delightful!    Our room was a Club Double on the 4th floor--yes, the elevator only goes up to the 3rd floor, but the final flight of stairs wasn't an impediment for us. The room itself was more like a suite with a small sitting area…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or835-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly, helpful staff","We stayed here for 4 nights over a weekend. The location is great for the tube, Little Venice and walking the canal to Camden Lock. We were in a basement room which was a bit dark but clean and comfortable. If you have mobility challenges you may find it difficult to get in to the shower which is a step up from the floor and it is a snug squeeze to do so but it didn't cause us any issues. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We had to call about a few items which were managed and resolved promptly, no complaints there. I could hear the tube while in bed but I found this quite comforting and quaint. I always carry ear plugs in any case so I slept well. All in all a lovely hotel.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or835-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay. thank you,"Stayed for 1 night in a suite. Was lovely. Very different. 4 poster bed is great. Room had a 2nd floor with a bean bag and small sofa as a break out area... not that we needed it. So comfortable. I live just outside of London and sometimes think its not worth staying in uncomfortable hotels that you need a night to get used to it just for the sake of it... but treating my wife for her anniversary, it was a pleasure with easy access to town where we were in the evening so very refreshing to be back to the accommodation within 20 minutes. Highly recommend it. Thank you",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or840-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but old,Arrived from a long flight from Australia and caught the tube to Warwick Avenue so it was a relief to see the Colonnade so close to the tube stop. Room was cosy and warm as expected for London and amenities were clean. Lift was old style and hotel felt old and needed a bit of a facelift. Enjoyed our stay though and the beautiful location around including the cherry blossoms in bloom.  Did not eat the breakfast due to cost.,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or840-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",If only London was this warm!,"As we live in London, we rarely stay at hotels in the capital, especially as we can find them to be unwelcoming, but this hotel couldn't be any different.  From check-in to afternoon tea, through to check out the staff were warm, welcoming and gave the place a real family feel.  Everybody was courteous and efficient, the concierge even collected our breakfast order at 4.30 am with a smile (yep was a late night).   The hotel is located a 1 minute walk from a tube station, with parking outside (we were lucky to find a spot, but you may be best to leave the car at home as it doesn't have a private car park) and fantastic views from our room. We stayed in the Turing suite, which was beautifully appointed with a lovely 4 poster bed and stunning original features.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or840-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful and charming hotel,"I had a large deluxe room on level 2. I was greeted in the evening by the very friendly night staff and found everything arranged as planned. The hotel and room was very warm and comfortable to come to on a cold, wet night. After coming to my room on a sunny afternoon, the airconditioner was helpful in cooling the room a little. I actually enjoyed the experience of riding the lift, totally in keeping with the charm and history of the building. The modern restaurant also had friendly service at breakfast. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or840-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,"Our stay at the Colonnade was brilliant, from the moment we walked to the moment we walk out after checking out. The hotel it's self is beautiful, the décor throughout is very tasteful. The staff are all very attentive, and couldn't do enough for us.   We stayed in a suite, the room was probably the nicest hotel room we have ever stayed in. The room was spacious and bed very comfortable. The bathroom was an excellent size, with a bath so deep you could dive into it!  Breakfast in the morning was good, the full English is cooked to order, and not served as a buffet style breakfast like most of the big chains.  We will return to the Colonnade no doubt on our next overnight stay to London.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or840-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Very pleasant, attentive staff, good location","We got a good package deal of a junior suite, full English breakfast and afternoon tea. The welcome was excellent and the whole staff were most attentive to our every need. Nice room with beautiful decor, although small for a junior suite. The afternoon tea was good but, like others have said, not worth the full price if we had paid that. Breakfast was good, cooked to order. Very good location, just by Warwick avenue tube. We loved visiting nearby Little Venice and the Beatle's Abbey Road zebra crossing",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or845-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Bliss!,"Great hotel with original features, especially the lift! Steeped in history. Excellent staff, very homely and friendly. Clean rooms and situated in a lovely quiet location.   Definitely one to visit if you are staying in London, wether you are on holiday or a romantic overnight getaway!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or845-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Comfortable,"The room was clean and comfortable and staff very friendly and helpful.    The location was good with a tube station within a couple of minutes walk for getting into the City.   The surrounding area Little Venice is beautiful for a walk along the canal, with a number of little cafes for stop offs.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or845-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",best of both worlds!,"The staff are welcoming and helpful, the hotel is beautifully decorated and spotless, and is in a great location. It's a block from the Warwick Avenue tube, which is one stop from Paddington. Area is walking distance from canal, and you can walk around watching the canal boats and you can  browse shops and restaurants. So you will have a peaceful night after a long day of sightseeing in the City. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was that we didn't have a room with window views. But we only slept in the room anyway! P.S.- taxi from Paddington Express station only cost £5- totally worth it, with suitcases. Unless you have only a small carry on case, do NOT try to go on the Tube. Escalators and stairs to get on an off .",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or845-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic proseco brunch,Proseco brunch for 2. Delicious freshly prepared food & free flowing prospect for an hour and a half. Very friendly attentive staff. Surroundings were very comfortable and relaxing. Would definitely recommend. Already planning our next visit.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or845-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Such a warm and welcoming reception from the staff. A last minute emergency meant my family (including a small baby) had to spend a night at the hotel. The staff couldn't have been more welcoming and helpful.  The hotel itself is very nice and in a fantastic location. Really close to the tube, and in a lovely little neighbourhood. I'd highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or850-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Steps Just Short of being called a Boutique Hotel,"The hotel is a hop skip and a jump from Warwick Avenue tube station. It is stylish but probably steps short of being   called a boutique hotel. It is situated just off little Venice in a leafy part of London. Paddington station is a brisk 10 minute walk along the canel side. Our room was on the ground floor 10 yards from the reception. It was small, compact but comfortable. There was two annoying features of the room. The inner door squeaked, I mean really squeaked to the fact it acted as a burglar alarm! ....the other was the shower screen flopped open. Simple things which you would think would be picked up by  staff of a 4 star hotel. Quite a few celebrities have apparently stayed here including Liam Gallagher. Would I stay here again.... Yes probably! ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or850-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent ,First impressions it looks great and yes it is. We had a lovely  suite rooms 12 four poster bed Balcony with French doors nice and sunny  Just a stroll to little  Venice  And a walk along  regents canal to Camden lock The full English breakfast perfect  Will be back again ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or850-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Received a lovely welcome from the receptionist as we arrived and was upgraded to a club room, which was quite small but adequate with a little balcony. Room was clean, with nice fluffy towels. One thing I don’t like in hotels is sweets / juice etc. left on the dresser - I kind of think it cheapens the hotel ( just my opinion ) to charge £2.20 for a kit kat is a bit cheeky.   Didn’t eat in the hotel ( as was attending a family party ), but restaurant looked nice.  Oh, the hotel has a lovely pet cat, just sits quietly in the lounge, makes the place feel homely/quirky. She really is adorable.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or850-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Cosy Hotel,"Cosy hotel in a good location. Quiet street yet only 3 mins walk from the subway line. Very close to shops, cafes and restaurants as well.  The service at the hotel was top class and all the staff were very professional and friendly. We had trouble with our luggage lock and the night duty personnel assisted us to break the lock. Great! There was a day when we actually bought frozen meals as a night snack and asked the kitchen to help us heat it up. Not only did they do it for us, but even brought it plated nicely to our room after that.  Only bad thing was the room and bathroom were a bit small. Thumbs up for everything else.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or850-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel,"Stayed in the Deluxe Room, which was beautiful and came with a very comfy, four poster bed. The staff are very friendly. Had the English breakfast, which was nice and a good amount for me, but my partner found that it wasn't enough for him, however he is 6ft6 and eats a lot lol. The hotel is in a great location, right next to a station, and only about a 35 minute walk from London Zoo! The decor throughout the hotel is magnificent and I would definitely recommend staying here!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or855-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasent stay,Room was a little small but very comfortable. Nice and close to tube station. Very quiet area and no traffic noise. Good breakfast. Staff very helpful and friendly with simple check in and check out. Will probably stay again!,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or855-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great hotel","This hotel is about a minute away from Warwick Avenue tube station so is a great location for exploring London. Lovely hotel, great service and loads of history. The building used to be a hospital and the hotel kept the hospital elevator in use - very cool. Good wifi connection in the room and nice decor. Only stayed one night and not in room most of the time but had a very nice stay. Comfy beds! Recommended. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or855-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel - Bad Sleep,"Customer service was very good, very friendly. Only had one night stay, had booked for Club Double Room but on arrival was told we had been upgraded as a gift from the hotel. Beautiful room, very asthetically pleasing. Had King sized bed however it was made up of two individual beds which was very irritating and annoying throughout the night, woke up every hour or so as they would slide apart and seperate meaning we would have to rearrange every so often so felt like we had no sleep the next morning. Breakfast was included and was lovely food. As a warning the hotel has a cat that roams freely even in to the restuarant. We loved it but another customer seemed quite agitated by it.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or855-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","The Colonnade, a british classic hotel in a restful neighbourhood.","Stepping out at Warwick Avenue Underground Station our short walk to The Colonnade was simplicity itself and the calmness of Warrington Crescent (Little Venice) a welcome after a busy day of walking in central London. Upon entering the hotel we were cheerily greeted by the front desk who signed us in without a hassle, offered us our card key, to carry our luggage and guided us to our room. The room we were put in, was quaint and sufficient for our needs but there was one flaw for us specifically. The room was situated beneath street level with minimal natural light coming in, while this was not a bother for me, my girlfriend suffers from claustrophobia and is prone to panic attacks as a result. After consideration we inquired at the front desk if there was a possibility to put…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or855-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good location let down by staff & other irritations,"The good: 1: Clean room 2: Nicely presented hotel 3: The price was cheap as booked with a vouchers  The bad: 1: The staff seem uninterested. They weren't necessarily bad, but I felt like our arrival and any subsequent query was a inconvenience rather than an opportunity for them to impress. 2: We were in room 8, which is on the ground floor. Outside the window, the staff use this area to smoke and gossip. Hence opening the window you get a blast of second hand smoke and chit-chat.  Would I stay here again? No.  The manager may post a reply on here saying something like ""if you were unhappy with your room location, you should have mentioned it"". My reply to that is, ""you shouldn't have to inform a 4* hotel that staff shouldn't be smoking right outside your window"".   Time to…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or860-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade annexe,"Hotel generally looked impressive as we checked in.  Unfortunately, having booked 2 classic rooms for 4 people, we were checked into the annexe - which was named the executive suite.  One of the bedrooms in the 'suite' was satisfactory, but, unfortunately, had winding stairs, which my husband, who has mobility problems, had a real struggle.  This bathroom had drainage problems. The friends we were travelling with were given the other room, up another flight of stairs, which was not a classic room, one side of bed was situated right against a wall with no side table and the room was very small with very little furniture.  Disappointing, to say the least.  ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or860-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Hard for me to say but this was one of the least enjoyable stays I've ever had. The hotel is painfully UNDERSTAFFED and there is no concierge. When I asked, why no concierge, they said it was a boutique hotel. That is no excuse, all other 3 to 4 star boutique hotels I've been to have had a concierge.   What drove me crazy is when ever I asked for any good restaurants or fun things to do in London, the staff went and googled it or yelped it and said things like "" I'm sorry I don't know anywhere"" I can do that! Let me make this clear, this is an UPPER MANAGEMENT PROBLEM!!! Not lower level employee problem. Also. The glasses in the room were filthy as you can see in the picture.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or860-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",super weekend break,"lovely traditional hotel upgraded to a suite , luxurious & decadant surroundings in in this super old house. Breakfast and afternoon tea a delight , although the ' champagne' included was anything but champagne! Good location 2 mins walk to tube & 10 mins into the west end. LOVELY hotel would stay again   .",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or860-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Unpleasant surprise - ""Executive Apartment""","Having just returned from a stay at this hotel I noticed that another couple had a virtually identical experience to ourselves at the end of last year.  Apologies for duplicating some of their comments but our views are the same.  We arrived at the hotel just after midday, and were advised that we could not check in as our rooms (we were with another couple) were not ready.  As we needed to go to an event we decided to leave our bags there until we returned.  We came back just after 9pm and were advised that due to ""refurbishment of some rooms"", instead of the 2 x classic double rooms we had booked, we had been allocated a 3 bedroom apartment, across 4 floors, next door to the hotel, with a separate door/access from the street.  There had been no mention of this when we first…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or860-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Had a really pleasant 3 night trip at the Colonnade. Very well located in a quiet area of London called Little Venice. As the name suggests, right on the canal basin and affording good walks up the canal to Regents Park / London Zoo area. Also very near to the Warwick Avenue tube station on the Bakerloo Line - Oxford Circus within 15 minutes. Hotel room was quite well sized for London with a comfortable bed and decent facilities. Shower room was fine although maybe in need of a refurb and slightly small but we expected that. All hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. Would visit again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or865-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice.,Very good location.  5 mins from tube.  Lovely canal walks within easy reach.  Lovely building/decor.  Staff were very friendly and extremely helpful.  Would definitely revisit and would recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or865-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantasic,This hotel was amazing. In a fantastic location with a short walk from the tube station. With stunning interior and exterior this hotel had everything that we needed for our weekend stay. We had Afternnoon tea upon arrival with champagne. This was delicious. We stayed in a suite which was spacious and very clean. All staff in this hotel were very friendly too. We also had breakfast included in our stay which also was lovely so overall a very comfortable stay with lovely surroundings. I will definitely be back for another stay. Thank you colonnade A *****,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or865-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but in need of a serious revamp,"A great location.  So fortunate that it is only a 5 minute walk from my daughter's home.  So unfortunate that the personnel seem totally untrained and the hotel needs a major revamp.  We took photos of the frayed towels but I will not put them on here as I see others have already done so, since 2013, and nothing happened three years later.. I did ask the housekeeper for newer/fresher ones and did get them so obviously they do have them..  We were offered an upgrade to a Club room with a four poster bed, which was nice, (we had booked a good three months in advance bringing with us at least another 8-10 guests through our recommendation/suggestion - we were all there for a family event last weekend). The room was spacious and nice but the bathroom needs TLC as another guest…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or865-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, very close to the underground ","I had previously booked my trip online, lost my wallet and had a very late check in  but the staff were extremely receptive to my needs as a guest!   I was not sure what to expect but EVERYONE went above and beyond.   Also the restaurant staff below the property were phenomenal and took the time to show me how to get to destinations throughout London. They even took the time to explain the various dishes and cultural backgrounds behind them. Top notch service from top notch staff!   And finally I had no idea Alan Turing was born at the property-- the staff were very proud of that overlooked detail.   Overall 4.5 out of 5 stars!  ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or865-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Stunning hotel, wonderful staff","I booked directly with the hotel for a girls weekend break. 4 of us and we were treated so wonderfully by the staff. We had a junior suite which was spacious and stunning. Lovely bathroom, lush fluffy towels and lots of toiletries. The beds were fantastic and so comfortable. There was no noise from any other rooms, or from outside. We were on the third floor, and the hotel is in such a quiet location it's perfect for a good nights sleep.  Fab tea and coffee in the room plus the mini bar. Complimentary water and a bowl of apples really made us smile.  Breakfast was lovely, homemade pancakes, fresh fruit and great coffee.  Was very sad to leave as we felt so welcome by the staff.  Will definitely be returning for our next overnight stay, wouldn't even risk anywhere else now! ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or870-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",London girls birthday stay ,We arrived at the hotel to be greeted by very friendly staff and hotel looked amazing. The room suite we stayed in was lovely and breakfast lovely. We would definitely stay again. Many thanks for your kind hospitality for accommodating myself and friends for our birthday stay.   ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or870-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Were we set up,We booked this hotel through Amoma. On reflection we would check the room price and now approach the hotel to ask for a price. We have given the hotel 4 stars because we think the hotel probably deserves it. We booked their parking spot which cost us £80 for four nights. However on arrival we found the staff very nice. They told us we had booked a Classic Double Room but they were upgrading us to a Club Room. We were shown to a room at the back of the hotel. Possibly smaller than our bathroom at home. But then we have no experience of what to expect in London. We just thought it was quite nice. And then once in the room and living in it we began to think about it. The room had two windows with an opaque covering across each window. This meant we had no outlook but if we had the…,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or870-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy Room,"We stayed at the hotel on the 19/03/2016 for just one night. Upon arrival the hotel looked lovely and we were promptly told that the lift was out of order but that our room (number10) was in the basement so we didn't have many stairs to do thankfully. Unfortunately this was not the good luck we thought it was, the basement rooms are right on top of the underground and all you can hear is a very loud train noise every 5 mins or so which is really not what you want when you have paid alot of money to stay. To be fair to the hotel we didn't ask to change rooms because we were late for our gig and did not have the time to sort it out and we thought that considering it was one night and we would be exhausted by the time we got back it would be ok. It wasn't the tube woke me up…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or870-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, escaped from the countryside.","Stayed here for 2 nights in March 2016. A very nice place, a little different from the typical London hotel. It feels more like a country hotel has wandered up to the city and hidden in a quiet street!  Very friendly and professional staff, spotless rooms and a beautiful cat too!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or870-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"I just had the pleasure of staying in The Colonnade London hotel for 7 nights.  This an old Victorian House withloads of charm.  The staff was so welcoming and always asking if I needed anything.  The room was clean & comfortable and besides the items for sale in the minibar (soft drinks, beer,wine, liqour, chips & candy), the hotel supplied mineral water, apples, cookies, & a tea & coffee selection at no charge.  Besides the hotels own restaurant,There are 3 restaurants, a bar and a cafe on the block and the Warrington Tube Station was around the corner.  I was in Piccadilly Circus in less then 15 minutes. Paddington train station is about a 1/2 mile away & you can get the express train from & to  Heathrow in about 20 minutes.  I higjly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or875-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday surprise.,"Lovely hotel & our room appeared to be gorgeous, lovely decor, large lamps & low lighting. Unfortunately the room was on a lower level,  so we heard the tube train constantly & the bathroom fan stayed on for such along time after you'd switched the light off. If I'm being picky the mirror was far too high & was unable when sitting at the desk to do my makeup n hair therefore had to stand or sit on the floor outside the bathroom with very little space.  So if you can book & request upper floors & just check the height of the mirrors to socket positions. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or875-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a gem,I stayed here overnight for work commitments and what a lovely hotel it was. The hotel was stylish old world charm with excellent service complete with a resident cat who had lived here for 14 years. My breakfast was the buffet option and it was lovely with plenty of choice. I was upgraded and my room was beautiful with a four poster bed  and nice and warm. I will certainly stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or875-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Super location , staff and hotel","Within sight of Warren St station, this hotel with an interesting history is a delight. The room was spacious and everything one would wish for in a boutique hotel. The staff are helpful, particularly Maggie the reception manager. We shall certainly return when we next visit london.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or875-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Luxurious,perfect to mark a special occasion.","My birthday was made extra special during our stay at the Colonnade.Outstanding service from the moment we arrived,with an upgrade from the suit we had booked and wine and cakes even a birthday message on arrival.To having our luggage taken to our rooms for us and being shown around thr hotel.The hotel has a classy look and staff is very welcoming and will ensure your stay is 100% satisfactory.Very clean, quiet and perfect location,away from the hussle and bustle of central London but located a few minutes walk from warwick avenue.Central London and all tube links were easily accessible..definitely would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or875-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not what it says on the tin,"The hotel is right over a tube station and the trains are just under the floor, so kept awake very late, then a very early wake up, thanks underground. The breakfast was the worst I've had so far, the continental breakfast consisted of some Alpen, undercooked pastries and some fresh fruit. There is no self serve facility, they bring you what they think you want. Overall, the worst hotel I've stayed in. Also, the shower temp was either too hot or too cold, couldn't adjust it, and the pressure meant that I just about got wet. They told me this is all because it's under new management, poor excuse, They asked me to give them another chance when it's redone,,,,,,, sorry,,,,,, better things to be doing. Could try harder.....",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or880-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Had a two night stay in the hotel. Upgraded to a suite at no extra cost. (think if not very busy you are given an upgrade) Room was clean, big and bright. At the front of the building but no noise. Situated near Warwick st tube and a bus route. Short walk to the canals in Little Venice. Quiet when we were there but imagine lively in the warmer months. Never ate in the hotel and plenty of places near by to eat and drink. Staff very pleasant. I would recommend staying here and we would like to return when next in London.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or880-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Stylish with special touches ,"The hotel is minutes from the Bakerloo line underground in a smart residential area. The hotel is in a large period house which is attractively lit from outside . The reception is a large room with comfortable settees , plush drapes and even a suit of armour . There's even a hotel cat called Mini . Guests are treated to cup cakes while they sign in . Even the lift is attractive with 1930's style doors and a sliding grate . The large interior even sports a padded bench . The rooms are very comfortably furnished with great swags of curtains ,white duvets and stylish cushions on the beds. You are greeted by classical music in your room . Bathrooms are large and attractive with a good selection of toiletries . Only a couple of recommendations - for such a nice hotel it would be good…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or880-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Gem,"Excellent base for West End visiting and shopping. Really cosy, colonial feel and excellent staff. Chose to eat out but Turkish based menu looked fantastic (my wife not into spicy food). Wouldn't hesitate to recommend to friends and family and will definitely use again. Booked in advance via AMOMO so superb value.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or880-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Hotel - beautiful atmosphere,My fiancé surprised me for my birthday and booked The Colonnade for the weekend. The place was rustic chic - a difference from other London hotels we have stayed at. When we got to the hotel the staff were very attentive and friendly - the customer service was fantastic. Staff took our luggage to our room for us while we waited in the restaurant for our room to be ready with complimentary drinks. The room was amazing- we had a duplex suite (Freud Suite) which was beautiful. Rustic and old school- perfect birthday surprise. The suite was beautiful and spacious - with a spilt level and a huge window. It was comfortable and great after a day of shopping and relaxing on the sofa with drinks. As an extra fresh flowers and chocolate covered strawberries were brought to our room. We…,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or880-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Colonnade stay, March 7th - 10th 2016","Lovely hotel and staff. Though on getting home I find I have been charged £75 for something and it doesn't say what, which is rather annoying. Beautiful decor  and the lift was amazing, the oldest in London. Alan Turing was born here when it was a hospital in a past life.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or885-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday trip away,Me and my girlfriend spent 2 nights at the colonnade and I couldn't fault a thing! Upon arrival we were greeted with a friendly smile and warm welcome. We were then offered a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe room which made our stay even more enjoyable! The bed was extremely comfortable even more so than my own which is something I never thought I'd say. The breakfast was beautifully cooked and always arrived in quick manor. The location of the hotel was perfect being within a few minutes walk (if that) to Warwick Avenue underground station. I would definitely stay here again and would like to say thank you to the staff for making it a memorable stay in London 10/10.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or885-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Small but well located and helpful staff,"There are definitely good and not so good things about this hotel. First the good - it is very well located for Heathrow for those coming off a long flight. The Heathrow Express ends up in Paddington which was a short taxi ride to the hotel. Once established Warwick Avenue tube station is just a very short walk away. It is also a short walk to Little Venice and you can walk (mostly) alongside Regents Canal to Regents Park. The staff were unfailingly helpful and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. The breakfast was very nice in spite of the loud music playing from the radio, and the television. The not so good bits included a very small room - even though this was a deluxe room. We had to use a lot of ingenuity to fit our bags in as well as ourselves as the photo shows. The…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or885-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely perfect,"I can honestly say that we can not fault anything with our stay here 😃. The four of us stayed in the fraud suite which they had adapted for us to sleep us all. We were greeted by lovely staff and this continued throughout from the receptionist, to our 'bell boy' to the waitresses, nothing was too much trouble. The room was spotless, we could not find a spot of dust anywhere. Amazing huge bath. Lovely view from window. We enjoyed an afternoon tea. Breakfast was great - I had omelette, mum had scrambled egg and salmon and my sisters had full English, all much enjoyed. From the booking to the goodbye - perfect. Added bonus, the beautiful cat. Would we stay again, absolutely. Also visit the Warrington pub, minutes away, lovely old pub and celebrity spot ( we saw one ). ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or885-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel near Warwick Avenue,"I spent one night at The Colonnade. Eventhough I had booked a single they upgraded me to a cozy double with nice old furniture. The inhouse restaurant is a bit pricy for what you get. Food is ok, but nothing special. The hotel has definetly a very nice athmosphere!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or885-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",My stay at the Colonnade,Hotel great but bed small and breakfasts v expensive. great location for walking along the canal to Regent's Park and Paddington. really handy for the pub and restaurants so the expensive breakfast wasn't too much of a problem!,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or890-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Family wedding,"We arrived before lunch in the hope we could leave our bags and go to the wedding, the room was ready so we were very pleased as this made life much easier. Lovely lunch and breakfast. Room was wonderful, with free water in bottles. Shower fab.  Staff were very helpful too. Very clean. ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or890-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hideaway in little venice,"What a lovely hidden gem with great customer service, nothing was too much. We arrived at 3 and afternoon tea was delivered to our room by 320 and was the perfect size. Our room was spacious and had a lovely oldy -worldy feel. Great stay for a little romantic getaway",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or890-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Chill London,If you want a quiet haven as a Base to visit London then this place is perfect. Luxurious rooms too. Generous breakfast too although as with most London rates not inclusive. Plenty of street parking nearby. Nearest tube is 2 minute walk at Warwick Avenue.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or890-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel……but some things need looking at. (bar/restaurant),"We have stayed in this nice hotel a couple of times in the last month. So we have had two different rooms, both Deluxe. One had a King size bed which was made up of two mattresses put together…and as a result the rest of the room was very cramped. It would be ok for one person but for two it felt very crowded. The second room was a room with a Four Poster Bed which was much better. More space altho for some people the bed would be too high to get up on to. It was fine for us.   The one thing we find with this hotel is that it is way way too hot. We did tell reception but they said the heating cannot be changed mid winter. As a result we had the air conditioning on the entire time we were there. Otherwise it was suffocating which is not healthy.  Staff are very friendly on…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or890-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfeck midweek break,"Fab hotel, close to buses and tube station. Staff really lovely and very helpful, breakfast was scrumptious. Room comfortable and cosy, there was nothing that we disliked at all, we want to go back soon!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or895-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","nice wrapping paper, shame about the contents","nice location, foyer and good bed. Classic double very small, bathroom so narrow it was difficult to move with ease, service at breakfast poor , staff clearly not well trained, if you book using a 3rd party - AMOMA- note that breakfast is continental so not really good value. This wasn't clear on the booking and it made me feel very 2nd class when I queried this.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or895-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A characterful night's rest in Little Venice,"Procured a Groupon voucher for a discounted night's stay in a junior suite with breakfast included. Not at all bad for the price of £179. The hotel is located in a quiet part of London, the upmarket suburb that is Little Venice, & is literally a 5 minute walk from Warwick Avenue tube station on the Bakerloo line. Oxford Circus is around 15 minutes away on the tube & Euston around 20-25 minutes.  The building itself is slightly dated in places but has marvellous period features & high ceilings. Our suite had a four poster bed & was generous in size for a London hotel room. The bathroom was huge, with his & hers sinks & a bath. Staff were courteous & helpful. Breakfast was slightly disappointing; salmon & scrambled eggs goes for £10.50 & yet the quantity of salmon on the plate…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or895-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Our new Home while in London,"Terrific London location. Room was large and beautifully decorated. Nice large bathroom with a Tub/shower with good water pressure and warmth. The Tube ""Bakerloo Line"",  Warwick Station literally less than a half block away, so handy. Staff very helpful. Best part of our stay was being welcomed each day by Minnie, the property Cat. She would either be lounging in her leather chair or sitting on the front steps in the evening to greet guests. What a treat to have her there while we are missing our family and pets at home. We will only ever stay at the Colonnade when in London and will see you all again this fall. Thank you for a very pleasant stay!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or895-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best place,"Have just spent another two lovely weeks at the Colonnade Hotel. And as always, I could not have been more comfortable and well looked after. My room was luxurious and quiet, and every staff member I met was friendly and so helpful. I am looking forward to my next two week stay in May. Thank you to all at the Colonnade for all you did to make my stay so enjoyable.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or895-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic!,"Me and my girlfriend stayed here for 4 nights and it was really nice, the service from all the staff was excellent and the room was clean and comfortable. It is in an excellent location just across the road from the tube station. Would recommend to anyone!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or900-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible start and terrible end, better service experienced in hostels","After being lied to twice by a staff member on our first night, and talked down to the next morning when we tried to raise the complaint about being lied to, our stay at the Colonnade had a very bitter taste to it. Topped off nicely with two attempts to wrongly charge us over 40 pounds for room service and food.  We arrived late on a Friday, after flying directly after work. Staff were very nice on arrival, telling us we had Full English breakfasts included in our booking along with a glass of prosecco each. We were led down to Room 9 in the basement. Room was sizeable and appeared nice enough. However within about 5 minutes of using the bathroom, water began spreading across the floor as the cistern leaked once flushed. In addition the skirting board wood was rotting, bed felt…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or900-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,This is by far the best hotel in london we have stayed. The tube station 1 minutes walk staff friendly and room was very nice and we had a free upgrade..we also had afternoon tea with champagne and breakfast which where both top class. I would recomend this high quality hotel in a quiet area but with everything within easy reach ...give star service all the way,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or900-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Staff Excellent!,"We stayed for one night having paid £159 for a club room, breakfast and afternoon tea with a groupon. The staff were all excellent, especially Mr. D'Souza on reception who gave us an upgrade to a deluxe room, no. 25.   The room was big by London standards. The bedding was very nice. There was a bath but i thought the bathroom need some updating, there were scuffs here and there and the toilet flush was temperamental. The complimentary toiletries were very underwhelming and the quality below average. The room was extremely hot all evening, despite having the air conditioning unit on at 17 degrees which just blew the air up the wall. This did effect the quality of our sleep. We didn't realise the window opened but it overlooked the main road. The tv only picked up itv, which was…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or900-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Greatest stay in London,"The Colonnade is by far the best place to stay in London. Very close to the Paddington station, it is in a very quiet and unexpectedly original area of London. The nearby canal is gorgeous. From the Warwick tube (2 min walk) you can quickly get to any other destination in London. Service is outstanding. The rooms are decent. And best of all: this is where Alan Turing was born.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or900-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Upstairs, Downstairs","The hotel was cozy and intimate, with kind, handsome, reliable, and efficient staff. There is a Bakerloo line stop directly in front, pop over three blocks for great takeaway and coffee, and walk along the water to see the Gardens or catch a bus to Kensington. I'll stay there any time that I have business in NW London.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or905-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A home from home,"Friendly staff at this classy and characterful hotel. Quiet surroundings yet close to the tube and Paddington mainline. Stayed over for Valentines and it proved perfect. Good value for London, with the rooms a reasonable size and well cared for. Cat was a comforting addition to the residents, too. Didn't eat in the morning as we went off exploring locally.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or905-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A hotel with character,"Lovely hotel, very close to underground at Warwick Avenue so handy for getting around. The hotel was clean and comfortable. Rooms a but warm and we had to use our  air conditioning. The hotel bar didn't have much atmosphere. We got free upgrade which was appreciated.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or905-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Valentine treat,"Just recently came back from spending the night in this amazing hotel with my hubby.  My hubby treated me to a beautiful night in the JFK suit and it was amazing. The bed was huge and so was the room.  The staff were so lovely also, they couldn't do enough for you.  The hotel was literally a 5 minute walk from the bakerloo line station. Various little old pubs that are within a short walking distance that serve amazing food, drink and beautiful decor.  Such a little gem that is a residential area. I would highly recommend this hotel if you fancied a treat away, or need to stay local for which ever reason.  ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or905-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely, quiet hotel","My partner and I stayed here for two nights in early February. Very surprised, pleasantly, with our room. I was expecting something small but it was a good size and had a four poster bed. Second floor up we had a good view of the street below but weren't disturbed by any noise. Lovely to get the early morning sun too.  Took some hunting to find tea bags etc as they were in a box in a cupboard.  Snacks in basket are not complimentary, but there are some biscuits in the teabag box.  Air conditioning unit in room if needed but room was warm despite the cold wind outside. Bathroom needs updating though, and has no ventilation/extractor fan. Nets to window could do with a wash. Bath looked 'tired' and shower screen didn't form a seal so would have leaked all over floor if we'd used…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or905-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Junior Suite!,My partner and I stayed here on 12th Feb as his birthday treat. We stayed in the Junior Suite which had a four poster bed which was the comfiest bed I've slept in I think! Full mini bar but you do have to pay but that is expected. Complimentary water and fruit in the room and we received a glass of prosecco with compliments on arrival which was nice. We had breakfast ordered to our room in the morning and that was very nice. Great stay and would love to return. ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or910-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Superb ♥️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️,"I had a wonderful stay at the Colonnade two nights ago (Feb 10 2016), I called the hotel directly and made my booking, the staff are very friendly and professional.  The suite is ever so beautiful, I could live there. I love the bathroom, so luxurious and clean, love it, love it, love it..... The suite's layout and deco is done in a very stylish and modern-classic design. The window is grand, with a beautiful view of the front garden and the pretty neighbourhood.    The mini bar had a great verity it was much appreciated. I had breakfast included when made my reservation and had a wake up call too, by far the best english breakfast I'd had in ages, hmmmmmm yummy....  If you have an appreciation for luxury boutique hotels, and intimate venues then this is your place, I personally…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or910-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Schön und ruhig,"A good place to stay if you get a good deal (bis110 euros for a double). I Would stay there again, but not at full Price. They said they gave us an upgrade, but from what to what? It was a Standard double ( as we booked) in the basement. A nice enough room in any case. Apples and water included, but don't assume the tray of snacks on the desk is complimentary!! Had to ask for coffee making things for room, which is pretty standard in London, even for a three star, but they brought it without hesitation. Also, there is a DECENT hair dryer in the room and an Iron!!! Huge plus! Pretty place, excellent staff, near tube. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or910-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A very enjoyable stay,"I only stayed for one night and was quite late in checking in, so didn't appreciate all the facilities to their greatest extent.  But my room was beautifully decorated and looked very warm and welcoming on arrival.  The ""bathroom"" was quite small and, in fact, a shower room, but it was serviceable and did what it had to do.  I had to hunt out the kettle and tea making facilities, which provided several minutes of entertainment - but I have no complaints at all about the cleanliness, the comfort of the bed and other facilities.    The staff were very polite, friendly and helpful and having breakfast in their stylish restaurant was a complete delight.  Good value for money and I would highly recommend.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or910-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Hotel,"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of February and it was by far the nicest hotel we've stayed in. The staff were so helpful, letting us store our bags while we were sight seeing after we checked out. The room was beautiful with a complimentary bottle of water each day and chocolates on the pillow! It's right next to the Warwick Avenue tube station, making travel easy. We cannot recommend this hotel enough. I'll definitely be back to see Minnie the resident cat at the hotel also! ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or910-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent hotel, very helpful staff","I must say that I was very pleasantly surprised with this hotel.  It is in a lovely part of London, and the hotel itself is very nice and very comfortable.  I have stayed in more expensive hotels in the City which were nowhere near as nice as this.  Of course there were minor faults with the room, eg the hinge of the door hiding the mini-bar was broken, and so effectively the door was kept in place by only one hinge, not two.  That said, the faults were minor and didn't detract from the overall enjoyment of the hotel.  My greatest complement actually goes to the staff.  When I checked out I hadn't realised that I have left my two ventolin inhalers by my bedside.  I received an email later that day from the hotel advising I'd left my medication, and they happily agreed to send me…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or915-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An exquisite and charmingl boutique hotel.,"We have stayed at this lovely well managed boutique hotel several times and it has never disappointed us. It's conveniently located in the leafy residential area of Little Venice/Maida Vale just across the road from Warwick Avenue Tube Station giving easy access to the whole of London's attractions. The hotel has a prime corner location and, given its history, has an old world charm which is complimented by the extremely comfortable good sized rooms and the chic reception area. The breakfast menu is plentiful and varied where every effort is be made to meet everyone's requirements. There is also a Restaurant/Bar which has a wide variety of choice. All the staff are so helpful, friendly, pleasant and obliging making the whole experience most enjoyable. We have no hesitation in…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or915-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best city break ,"A surprise break for me and my 12 year who was fascinated by all the history and the 150 year old elevator. The hotel was beautiful with its vintage and classic charm. The staff were very friendly and the food was delicious. We had full English, afternoon tea and dinner. The rib eye steak and salmon to die for. The room was nice and clean and the bed was super comfy. Overall an excellent city break. Any where that is a home to a cat is home to me. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or915-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A charming, boutique hotel with friendly staff!","I spent a couple of weeks at The Colonnade and had a great stay.  The hotel is small - with only 46 rooms - in a historic house where Alan Turing was born.  My room, which was on the top floor of the hotel, was very comfortable with classic decor in keeping with its Victorian origins, and at times made me feel like I was staying at a rich relative's house rather than in a hotel - they even have a friendly cat that sometimes greeted me when I got back in the evening!  The staff were very friendly, and although the hotel doesn't have the same amenities as a large chain hotel, they went out of their way to look after me.  This place is a hidden gem and perfect for a romantic weekend or a business trip.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or915-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden jem in London!,"What a beautiful, luxurious hotel! Price was so reasonable for central London. The staff were wonderful making it feel like a home away from home. So close to Warwick Avenue tube making it a brilliant place to stay after venturing down to the Southbank. So peaceful, away from the sirens and noise of the inner city. Just perfect, cannot wait to visit again! ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or915-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Home feel,"Listed townhouse in a quiet residential part of London # easily served by transport be it busses / tube #personnel delivered especially Cristina over a generous English breakfast.  Avoid booking a Single room at all costs as bed extremely small# also in both rooms I had be it D or S the shower temperature very difficult  or dare I say impossible to control which I found very annoying # also better signs be it for breakfast room , lift etc,  The hotel oozes personal style devoid of a corporate air.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or920-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Medical appointment ,Positives  2 minute walk from tube station Nice area Staff friendly and helpful Bed very comfy Room size reasonable for London Shower nice and hot  Negatives  Paid £20 for a pre booked breakfast turned out it was a continental breakfast so waste of money no mention of this on booking so paid £20 for a small Danish and orange juice as don't like cereal coffee tea etc  Bathroon and wall papers of room were a little dated but didn't bother me   Overall would definitely stay again without breakfast and will be back  ,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or920-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"My partner and I stayed for one night at the weekend and we were pleased with the convenient location. Before booking I was in contact with Maria who was extremely helpful. The room was beautiful, the window added to the whole effect and there was a distinct air of luxury. Staff were friendly and efficient. The hotel was clean and felt like home. The only slightly negative point was breakfast - we weren't overly impressed by the full English. By no means was it ""bad"" but I am not sure it was worth the price. The food was ok, but for for almost £18, I would expect excellent food!  All in all a great stay and I will certainly be returning! Next time I'll be eating at the hotel as the menu looked fab! I loved the room we had and will be requesting it again! Thank you to you all!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or920-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special...,"Despite the staff being very polite and friendly, I wasn't entirely impressed by the room. The first thing we noticed was how outdated the decor was, the suit of armour in the foyer was cool, but that's was about it. As for our room there were a handful of things leading me to not want to stay in the future, such as:  - The shower was pretty poor and often went hot and cold as you washed under it.  - The room we stayed in had a sloped ceiling in the bathroom so I hit my head a few times on it when washing (I'm nearly average height at 5' 7""). This was even worse for my boyfriend who was 6' 2"".  - There was also no shower mat available to prevent slipping over in the bath.  - The bed was quite uncomfortable. The mattress felt like it needed replacing as most nights I found myself…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or920-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely hotel,"We were very pleased with our stay at the colonnade. The hotel is in a quiet neighbourhood, but well connected via the tube station 150m away. The staff were all very lovely, and gave us a warm welcome. Our room was up on the fourth floor, which means negotiating stairs as the lift only goes up to the third floor. Though not an issue for us, it may be something others wish to bear in mind.  Our room was very comfortable, with all the usual amenities you would expect. It did look a little tired in places, but nothing majorly wrong. We were out for most of the day, so didn't use many of the hotels services, though we got the impression that whatever we would have needed would have been sorted quickly and in a friendly fashion.   Overall we were very happy with our stay. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or920-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel and location,"Very nice hotel in Little Venice and right next to Warwick Avenue tube. Reasonable price, excellent staff and some good pubs and restaurants close by. Only downside - our room had windows but they were covered in a translucent sheet which meant you couldn't see out. There was also a lack of sockets in the room .. we finally managed to find two after a search. Generally though a good hotel and would stay there again.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or925-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"I often visit London, but usually stay closer to west end. I am glad that I stayed in this lovely hotel. Rooms were well equipped, very clean and had everything one needs for an overnight stay. Breakfast was fantastic, service was impeccable and the best coffee I ever had, the manager on duty went out of his was to make sure my partner gets gluten free bread within minutes. Mini the cat, gave it a homely touch and all staff members were very helpful. Will definitely return.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or925-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,Stayed in a standard room was okay . Very close to the tube station and easy to find. Small and personal . A very interesting lift .A cute cat. Had a lovely afternoon tea. Great service. A good night sleep but a rattle on the window with the wind I forgot to mention! Breakfast was to ordered. I prefer help yourself buffet. Was delicious and it made sure I didn't over eat!  Not very busy. We would return.  ,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or925-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gem!,"I stayed here last night and it was fabulous! Friendly, kind staff who just can't do enough to help. Lovely, spacious room. Warm, extremely comfy bed. My room was just off Reception and I thought it might be little noisy, but I didn't hear a thing. Breakfast was good, and I wish I'd eaten here last night, but I'd already booked a table in town. The menu looked very good and very reasonable. Lovely walk by the canal to Paddington, and the hotel is almost opposite the tube station. Perfect, what more could you want?",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or925-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A genuine home from home,"We stayed here for 2 nights last weekend and were delighted on checking in to be told that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room. Our ground floor room was absolutely beautiful, really huge with wonderful soft furnishings, lamps and every comfort you could need. The hotel staff were incredibly welcoming and helpful throughout our stay, greeting us warmly every time we returned from exploring London. Warwick Avenue tube station is a couple of minutes away but we also enjoyed wandering locally around Little Venice, walking along the canal to Camden Lock & visiting the nearby Warwick Castle pub which is a few minutes from the hotel. We will most definitely return to this glorious hotel!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or925-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful staying with helpful staffs,"This is a converted home with an intersting history hotel, traditional design and residential; Tube station was only in opposite the hotel and a reasonable walk from paddington.  Generally I love the hotel but I even love the efficient sttafs in front desk who was  helpful and extremely kind, they are valuable credits for that company.  While we checked in at late evening, we were upgraded to a presidential studio because of our request for bath tub and receptionist seen me as a pregnant woman then she suggested king bed room.  ""It was magnificent & such a kindness favor""  We've never ever thought we could have rice with really delicious Persian kebab in London.... ""Amazing experience and enjoyable stay"" ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or930-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a charming hotel!,"I cannot more highly recommend The Colonnade Hotel, a charming boutique property complete with a shining knight's armor in the lobby.   One of the most important factors London visitors should consider before booking accommodations is a hotel's proximity to a tube stop.  The Colonnade's location is deceptively convenient, about a one minute walk from the Warwick Avenue tube stop on the Bakerloo line.  That puts this reasonably priced hotel an easy 10 minute ride from Piccadilly Circus and about 15 minutes from Trafalgar Square.   I lived near this property for a semester when I was a student. For decades now, I've recommended The Colonnade to friends, all of whom have been impressed and made a point of thanking me. During my most recent visit, I stayed for a week and wish I…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or930-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Prefect getaway,"A lovely boutique style hotel that had plenty of character apnea even a charming cat to go along with it.  The rooms where a good size and very friendly and accommodating staff.  A minutes walk to the metro and was still close enough to town without being in the middle of it. Great neighbourhood. Only down side was there wasn't really anywhere to eat or drink nearby. Restrauarnt looked lovely but pretty pricey for our budget, but the metro was a skip and a hop away so that wasn't really an issue. And there are enough night buses that it's fairly easy to get back if you're staying out after 12.  Overall, fantastic stay. Would recommend it anyone no matter your purpose of travel. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or930-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,"Only stayed the one night which was a shame as I could of stayed at the hotel all day and evening and not gone out, All the staff were so friendly and helpful, This hotel is better then some 5 star hotels I have stayed at, Nicely tucked away but so close to central London I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I will be coming back to stay again only for a longer time, Thank you to all the staff who made me feel so welcome. Ian, Lymington Hampshire",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or930-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting location and good value,"My second stay at the Colonnade confirmed my first impression: this well-run and well-maintained property provides a boutique experience at reasonable prices. You'll have easy access to Little Venice and the tube (Bakerloo, Warwick Avenue). I love the old-timey elevator. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or930-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a nice and quiet Londontrip,"The Colonnade is a beautiful Boutique Hotel located in a more quiet area in London (Little Venice) but still everything you want to see in London is in good reach. The tube station ""Warwick Avenue"" is just across the Hotel (Bakerloo lane). Paddington Station is only a short and nice canal walk away (approx. 10 min).   I stayed in one of the single rooms which was perfect for my short trip in London. The room  itself was a bit small as well as the bed although the bathroom was very spacious in comparison. For my next stay in this Hotel I would rather ask for a Double bed, the bed in the single room was too small for me. But this is the only complaint I have for this Hotel. The staff was extremely friendly. I was surprised that continental  breakfast was included. Housekeeping…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or935-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Serene and beautiful afternoon tea,"I came here for afternoon tea with my Mum after a family friend bought us a red letter days voucher for Christmas. We walked up the steps of Warwick Avenue tube station, having entered at busy Oxford Circus in the midsts of both the Lumiere London light festival and the infamous January sales, to complete and utter calm. Ahead of us, within 2 minutes walking distance, was The Colonnade Hotel, looking like a something out of Made in Chelsea. Everything was quiet and calm and beautiful. It certainly did not feel like you were in the middle of London! Perfect white terrace houses and million pound apartment buildings lined the road leading to the hotel. We were greeted by a lovely lady who arranged for us to be taken down to the restaurant, which was more like a luxurious lounge.…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or935-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Drinks downstairs,The Colonnade is an elegant  little hotel. I did like the lounge downstairs but the card machines are a problem with no reception and  I had to go upstairs to pay. This all took a very long time. I will return though for sure with more friends and professionals.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or935-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay at a wonderful London hotel,Stayed at the Colonnade Hotel during a recent stay in London. All the staff we met were friendly and very helpful. We received wonderful customer service from arriving to leaving. We love a hotel with history and this one did not disappoint. The decor was beautiful and so welcoming. Our room was spacious and exceptionally clean. Food was very good and my husband especially liked the full English breakfast. A very peaceful relaxing stay and would recommend to anyone. We will certainly go back again on our next London trip.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or935-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,Spent a weekend at The Colonnade and was not disappointed. Staff could not do enough for you and nothing was too much trouble. Great location for getting about in London. Room was very nice and comfortable with some nice features. Will definitely be going back.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or935-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Wonderful Stay,I stayed here for a long weekend break in London with my girlfriend and it was a fantastic hotel. A great location to explore London.  The staff were very attentive and courteous and made us feel very welcome from the minute we checked in at the hotel. The service was quick and there was no waiting around for anything we needed.  Our room was spacious and all the furnishing made for a cosy and comfortable room. The food was great and there was a nice selection to choose from.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or940-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"The hotel was very welcoming and the reception was nice to walk into after a long train journey.  Our room was on the top floor which meant going up in the original metal door lift, and a staircase that had some real character (it was warped, and crooked).  The room wasn't very big, but it was suitable for a weekend stay.  The bathroom was clean and there were shower and bath gels available alongside tea and coffee.   The rooms was quite warm, and the air con wasn't great, but it was fine to open the window as there wasn't much outside noise.   The restaurant was very quiet on the first night and we were the only ones in there, and therefore there was no atmosphere, and it was a bit odd.  The food was ok.  Breakfast was ok as well, but it wasn't anything to shout about, but as I…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or940-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea ,"We had a pleasant Afternoon Tea for 2 last week evening . Very convenient place to go by . Afternoon pate were absolutely delicious , nice soft Music to enjoy while having a cuppa tea , it was a 5star experience for us and the staff Abbey was extremely helpful . We would definitely come back again.    ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or940-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming,Charming hotel with friendly people. Located very nearby the Warwick Undergroundstation in a fine neighbourhood. Good service. Nice furnished rooms with good bath facility. Very pleasant breakfast and dinner facility. ,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or940-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay at a perfect London hotel.,"Overall our experience was perfect.  The staff from the manager down to the barman were attentive, polite and very helpful.  The food was top notch and the drinks cold.  Room was excellent and the location just right for exploring London.  Easy transport links to everywhere worth visiting.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or940-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely Hotel, friendly staff and in good location",Stayed for a weekend whilst visiting friends in London - had a spacious comfortable room with nice decor. The hotel felt nice and personal which in London is a plus and added to the value! Enjoyed our stay and the staff were particularly helpful and friendly. We didn't stay in for dinner as not time but the menu looked good.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or945-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect,Stayed here on a business trip. Convenient location and the real plus was the hotel itself and staff. From the moment I arrived the reception were extremely accommodating. The porter took care of my luggage and I was relaxing in moments. Perfect! My room was sumptuosly decorated and extremley comfortable.  I decided to dine in the hotel restaurant - the wild halibut was beautifully cooked. Definitely be heading here for my next trip to London as they hotel and staff have achieved perfection!,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or945-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we were looking for!,Me and my partner found The Colonnade when looking for somewhere to stay on a shopping weekend away in London.   The location is excellent for heading into central London and we found the staff very helpful when asking the best ways to get around.  The breakfast was fair priced for a central London hotel and all the ingredients seemed extremely fresh.   Only disappointment was not getting to sample the fabulous looking afternoon tea!,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or945-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",old school charm and service with great design,Stayed here recently for one night with my girlfriend after a stressful Christmas! We were treated extremely well and made to feel very comfortable. We were going to eat out but were tempted by the menu in the hotel and were glad we decided to stay to eat. The swordfish was particularly good. One night was not enough.....we will be back.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or945-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely teatime treat,"Lovely start to the new year with a delightful full afternoon tea...yummy sandwiches, homemade scones and jam and cakes! Staff all friendly and attentive. Love a hotel with history too...Alan Turing born here and Freud stayed in the 30s. Hope to be back.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or945-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Treasure trove,My wife and I stayed at the hotel from the 18th December to the 20th December for my 30th birthday. We changed to this hotel at the last minute and had know idea what to expect...what we discovered after getting off the tube at Warwick Avenue (literally one stop from where our train came in at Paddington on the Bakerloo line) was a delight. Located a stones throw from the tube entrance lays the grand building steeped in a rich history that the hotel fully embraces.  We hadn't really heard of the area but we're very happy with what we discovered. The buildings are grand and it looks a very affluent and safe location. We were greeted by very friendly and assertive staff members who swiftly checked us in and took us to our room. The staff throughout were very pleasant and friendly…,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or950-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea Lovely,"A lovely afternoon tea, great atmosphere, lovely decor and friendly staff.  Food was also of a good quality and comfortable seating !  Music was very relaxing, definitely room for a love lounge musician to enhance the experience ! Guitar or Piano kind of thing in the background :)",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or950-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Broom cupboard,"I saw all the great reviews of this hotel on Tripadvisor and when I saw a good rate on Trivago I decided to pay slightly more than I do usually for a hotel and treat myself at Christmas.  Unfortunately, my experience did not tally with those of others.  I travel to London monthly on business and have stayed in a variety of accommodation.  This single room was by far the smallest room I have stayed in in London, my case and laptop bag taking up most of the available floor space.  There was no mirror, bin or bedside table.  The bed consisted of a thin foam mattress on an unsprung wooden base.  I knew as soon as I sat on it that I wouldn't be able to sleep on it, and when I requested to be moved to another room the only solution the rather unfriendly receptionist was able to offer…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or950-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Really Good Stay,"After having stayed in the hotel recently, I thought I would let people know how good it is. To this end, my review will take the form of  a list of reasons why you should stay at this hotel;  1. The location is great, in a nice area and next to the underground. 2. The building is lovely, including the oldest and best lift ever.  3. The hotel cat is friendly. 4. The rooms are clean and very comfy. 5. The complimentary biscuits (and other items) are of high quality. 6. The staff are friendly and helpful. 7. It made my girlfriend happy.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or950-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",quality with a touch of personality,"everything you'd expect from a 4 star and more. a serviced front desk 24/7 with personable and friendly staff, topped off with a hotel cat who was as beautiful as she was friendly. hotel features an old school lift with a pull away cage. i'd never seen one in real life so that was an interesting novelty for me.   the room was big, everything was impeccable inside and room serviced breakfast came at an affordable price with friendly delivery. some noise can be heard from the hallway, but not a biggie.   onto location. it's right near the heart of the city so you can't really go wrong if you're in town for a general stay and it's only a minute stroll to the local tube. highly recommended and the best place i've stayed at in london. it beats the hilton, meriton and other big chains…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or950-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"We stayed here for one night for a Christmas party in the area. A bit of a disappointing start as there is no parking at the hotel even though on the website that's there's parking in the area for pay and display but when we got there it's residents permit only. So we parked a mile away from the hotel.  Beautiful hotel, traditional decorated. We stayed in room 9 which was downstairs in the basement. Another issue of staying down here was that you can hear the tube trains run under the building. This didn't bother us much as they don't run in the night.  Breakfast was included but continental and limited but we paid extra for a cooked breakfast. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or955-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful, luxurious boutique hotel in a quiet corner of Central London","I stayed here for 2 nights with my husband. This was a treat for his birthday as I booked a tour of Lords Cricket Ground and we wanted a long weekend. We like boutique hotels and this one ticked ALL the boxes ! It had all you want from an upper class hotel but what impressed us the most was the overwhelming friendliness and welcoming if it's staff. They were all so kind and courteous. Our room was a club  double and was more than ample for us. Lots of complimentary items in your room. Breakfast was wonderful, everything cooked freshly for you.. We also had dinner there for one evening and the food was very good. We highly recommend this hotel as it's also in a quiet location but with a tube stop 5 minutes away it is so easy to get to shops and restaurants closer to the centre.…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or955-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Private Dinner at the at the Colonnade,"We had our private client dinner in The Colonnade hotel London. The room was beautifully set up, the food was amazing and the staffs were really friendly. Dave the manager was very efficient and attentive. I was really impressed with the service provided by the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or955-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing! ,"I had a brilliant one night stay here- the staff were so welcoming and polite and couldn't do enough for you. The reception area was so cosy- big sofas and armchairs, books and a shiny suit of armour! I was staying in 'the flat' of the hotel which was nothing short of incredible. It had a really comfortably bed, free WiFi, a jacuzzi bath and the living room was stunning. The area itself is lovely and the hotel is just a 2 minute walk from Warwick Avenue tube station. I just wish I could have stayed longer and can't wait to come back! ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or955-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Incredible setting, lots of character, friendly helpful reception staff","The location is terrific for staying central. It's an old building but well maintained. The staff are friendly but we weren't impressed with the breakfast service, we actually ended up leaving and going to a local cafe as we weren't served in the half an hour we waited. Other than that the air con was noisy (an old unit perhaps) but everything else was fine. We would happily stay again without hesitation.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or955-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fab hotel,"I visited the Colonnade on a 3-night stay working with a client with learning and physical disabilities with my company, Altogether Travel. The staff could not have been more helpful and friendly, from the housekeeping and waiting staff to receptionists and the manager. The hotel itself was beautiful with an art deco lift and beautiful furnishings, located a short walk from the LIttle Venice canals and 2 minutes from Warwick Ave. station and bus routes. The restaurant served beautiful and very reasonably-priced Persian cuisine. Will definitely be returning next year and recommending to our clients whose travel, accommodation and support we provide. Our client was delighted with the accommodation and food and wishes to return next year.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or960-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dr,"I had such a wonderful stay at this Hotel. I was going to a conference and thought it was near the venue. It wasn't but wherever I am based in London I would always try to stay here in future. The staff were really lovely and extremely friendly, respectful and helpful. The room was clean and had every facility I could imagine. There was fruit in a bowl and complimentary mineral water. Breakfast was simple but well cooked and presented well.  I have had some disastrous stays- this made a very pleasant change!  ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or960-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Another lovely stay,"This is our second visit here, location is great, rooms lovely, staff very friendly,  A real gem,feels like you are far away from the hussell and bussell . But takes minuites to get back into town.,lovely walks along the canal .looking forward to booking up for next visit                     ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or960-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Delightful country house style hotel,"Very friendly helpful staff at this charming hotel. Full of character but also comfortable and good wifi too. The resident cat curled up on a leather chair in reception sets the tone, you can see the corporate accountants have not been here ! I had planned to stay 3 nights but things changed so they kindly upgraded me to a large, top floor room. Blissful bed, lovely linen and very quiet. The oldest lift in London, with the sliding metal doors you see in old films, takes you to the 3rd floor, then it's stairs to the fourth. Just to be aware if you have mobility problems. The dining room specialises in Persian food, all very good and reasonably priced. The waitress explained the dishes to me and was full of enthusiasm for the cuisine. I have booked to stay here again in January…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or960-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding weekend,We have stayed at the Colonnade for 3 nights for our wedding weekend. The experience was what we would expect in a five star hotel. The staff was very friendly and was very helpful - from vases to quick room service at short notice. The breakfast was great and the full English was cooked with very little fat. We highly recommend this hotel - especially if your are looking for a hotel to stay at during your wedding celebrations.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or960-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Unexpected five star experience,"We stayed four nights at The Colonnade with our little boy. We were delighted by the welcome we received from the warm and friendly reception staff as soon as we arrived. Our room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. As a family we enjoyed the excellent breakfast which set us up for the day. The concierge was very helpful in making arrangements for us to keep our son entertained, not an easy task! We live in Abu Dhabi and have experienced many five star hotels. We were not disappointed in the Colonnade and will be recommending it to our friends visiting London, and we will be returning ourselves.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or965-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",excellent choice,This hotel proved to be in an excellent position for our sons wedding venue held at the Amadeus Centre.  We booked three rooms and all were excellent. All members of staff were welcoming and friendly.  The full english cooked breakfast was fantastic and much enjoyed.  Other members and family friends stayed in the hotel at the same time and all enjoyed a superb stay at this hotel.  Would well recommend.  Thank you to all staff who made our stay very memorable.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or965-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Welcoming as always!,"Second visit, this time with kids. Stayed on the first floor, in a Junior suite with a sofa bed for the weekend. Loved it! High ceilings, comfortable bed and the double sofa bed was perfect for the kids. My advise is to book directly with the hotel as they have a good incentive now for returning customers. The breakfast was good and the children enjoyed the american style pancakes! Many thanks to Maggie in reception who looked after us. Highly recommend for families looking for a nice, quiet hotel in Central London.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or965-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A great find,Stayed at the colonnade for 2 nights on a business trip. Close to the station so worked out perfectly for me. Very close to paddington and the west end. The people were very friendly especially the breakfast staff. He wowed me by remembering how I like my coffee on my second morning. Felt like home especially when greeted by the resident cat.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or965-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as before,"I've stayed here before and enjoyed it. But this time not up to scratch. Still good value on a busy night in London, and quirky location away from the crowd but next to a tube station is good so haven't marked down too much. But on this occasion the room was in an annex (always a safety issue in London), the bathroom not en suite, and both restaurant and bar closed. Also the nearby Formosa Pub and Dining Rooms has now closed down but still 2 or 3 nice local restaurants in Formosa Lame right behind the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or965-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Haven't stayed here for a while and had forgotten how good it is,"Used to stay here regularly when working in this part of London and always liked the quiet location, friendly staff and overall feel if the place. Returned after a few years and was reminded what a good option it is. Quiet but convenient. Only one stop beyond Paddington on the tube. Price is good for this quality in London. Wi Fi not great in my room but fine in lobby. Very nice neighbourhood restaurants close at hand. Will definitely remember to stay again and will recommend.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or970-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",3 nights stay,"I went to London with my boyfriend and we stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. We thought the location was perfect. Also the underground was really close to the hotel. The room was tiny, but we were satisfied. We did not try the breakfast because we thought that it was too expensive. The staff was kind and when our plane left late the last day (after check out) the hotel staff was very helpful and stored our luggage so we could experience more of London before leaving. Remember to bring an adapter.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or970-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great 3 night stay,"Stayed 3 nights for a theatre and food break with my husband. Great location, quiet location, comfortable room. The staff were very attentive and welcoming. Breakfast was alright. Room was comfortable, all luxuries supplied. Would recommend this hotel to others.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or970-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Always a great stay.,"Cozy rooms, attentive staff, good room service in a terrific location. Excellent restaurants and shops within a few steps and right across from the Bakerloo Line tube station. This has been my London go-to hotel for a decade.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or970-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Friendly staff at reception, great location and cozy rooms. Breakfast in the hotel was great as well. All in all great stay. i didnt have a chance to explore the area as i came on business but definitly plan on coming here again for a proper stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or970-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay at the Colonnade Hotel,"I came for a weekend break with my husband. The hotel and the staff were amazing and very friendly. Our room was of a good size and comfortable, the only problem was the restaurant, it looks a bit tired and could do with a change in the decor. The hotel is located just next to Little Venice, walking along the canal was the highlight of our trip.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or975-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely boutique hotel.,"A lovely boutique hotel, situated within 150m of Warwick Tube station and close to the Little Venice precinct. Extremely helpful and friendly staff complimented our stay there. The only negative was that the room was very small. At the price we were paying, I expected at bit more.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or975-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy and tinny,I had the opportunity to spend two nights in this hotel. My room was smelling cigarette as well as the bedroom which was he most tiny experienced. It is noisy. I would not recommend to stay in this hotel. Not fair value for money Very disapointing,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or975-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Small city break,"We stayed here during October for 3 nights. We selected this hotel as it was in an area of London we had not visited before and we like to try and stay in different areas each time we visit.  The hotel is located on the Bakerloo line and makes for easy travel to anywhere you want to go. The area itself is quiet with a few nice pubs and cafes within walking distance.  We stayed in room 44, which is on the fourth floor. These rooms are only accessible via stairs and as this is an old building they are a little steep and tight on space. The lift was working during our stay so that saved up walking all the way up. The room was clean and comfortable with the usual amenities you would expect.   Did not eat at the hotel so can not comment on that.  The staff were friendly and always…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or975-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A London find!,"This is a lovely hotel in a green and quiet neighborhood, with good local restaurants around the corner and a 10 minute walk from Paddington station - even less from a Baker-Loo tube stop. With the Heathrow Express, it took 30 minutes from touchdown to check in, which is an incredible bonus. The club room was comfortable, well appointed and the ambience is congenially London in a classic sense. Well worth returning to.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or975-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not What We Expected,"So, we visited the hotel early in the day, asking if we could leave our bags there until we could check in later - all good. We then returned to the hotel, around 4.30pm, to find that instead of the 2 x classic double rooms we had booked, we had been allocated a 3 bedroom apartment, across 4 floors, next door to the hotel, with a separate door/access from the street.   The stairs were narrow, difficult to negotiate with cases, noisy (covered in laminate - I mean, who laminates stairs??). The kitchen and lounge were ok, but we didn't use them, we were on a 1 night stay and had not asked for an apartment or those facilities. The bedrooms were not en-suite - on one floor was one bedroom and a bathroom, on the next floor was 2 bedrooms and a shower room.   The double bedroom on the…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or980-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Two night stay for a local family wedding,"Friendly welcoming and clean hotel in pleasant residential area of Maida Vale. Breakfast good, if room is a little small for demand if many occupants arrive at once. Really a over night hotel rather than full residential one, even bar and restaurant very quiet.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or980-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A friendly, comfortable place in a somewhat out-of-the-way location","I was here by myself on business, and the hotel had been selected by our team-leader. Most striking was the consistently gracious, attractive, and helpful staff--interestingly, not a native English speaker among them (most from Iran, apparently). It is a rather small hotel, so that one's identity--needs, preferences--were quickly cognized by the staff. The room to which I was assigned was comfortable and adequate, but somewhat showed its age. The included breakfasts were also only adequate, but, again, I found the service to be unfailingly gracious, prompt, and pleasant.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or980-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great find, well appointed, very good value","Picked because it had good reviews and offered an excellent price. It is an old hotel with four stories and an elevator only going up 3. Ask for a lower story room if one flight of stairs makes a problem. It has been entirely updated and modernized with lovely traditional appointments, so its venerability is charming. Comfort in London doesn't have to cost a fortune. ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or980-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Totally amazing,Wonderful hotel fantastic service . We stayed in th fraud suite for two nights . Nothing more than fantastic. Breakfast was lovely and the people was really helpful .great weekend had by all of the family that stayed in the hotel x,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or980-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely exterior and good location, but.....","My husband and I made a return visit to this hotel at the weekend.  We have stayed there a few times over recent years.  It's evident that the hotel needs complete refurbishment.  The entrance is pleasant, comfortable and welcoming.  However, that's where it stops.  Our room was in need of a clean and was misleading to be called a 'suite'.  The furniture is old and impractical with uncomfortable seating.  The four-poster bed was actually comfortable.  The bathroom needs to be modernised.  The reception staff were most polite and helpful but not so the breakfast serving staff.  Service was hopelessly slow and with staff who had difficulty in communicating in English.  The breakfasts were only adequate.  We would be happy to return if we knew that there had been a complete…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or985-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great find,"My husband took me here for a night for our wedding anniversary.  The hotel is in a great location, away from the hustle and bustle of central London, yet near to everything. It is an easy and nice walk along the canal to Paddington and we found a fantastic local pub for dinner.  The hotel is clean and all the staff were friendly and helpful.  It was so nice to have our bag taken to the room, a nice gesture especially as it was not heavy.  The towels  in the bathroom were good quality.  I would certainly stay here again when I need a room in London.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or985-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulus or what.,"We booked a weekend here,it was fabulus,everyone we met was brilliant,we had a ground floor room,and parked our car at the door,We had dinner in the lower ground restaurant,the wine was delicious,perfectly served,we has ribeye steak probably the best steak l have ever eaten.the staff could not be faulted,they went out of there way to help when ever needed. Biggest ever thank you to all of the staff,we had an amazing week end,we will visit again. Thank you all.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or985-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Boutique Hotel,This is a lovely boutique hotel in Little Venice.  The staff are most attentive and friendly.  It is very good value for money.  We had a large and luxurious room (unusual for this close to Central London) on the ground floor.  It is in a lovely and quiet area with some excellent pubs and restaurants.  Warwick Road (Bakerloo) station is a couple of minutes away and Paddington Station is less than 15 minutes walk.  We will stay there again when we visit London and would recommend it highly.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or985-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Home of stories,"The hotel has some lovely stories within. It is the house where Alan Turing was born. Freud lived here for 3 months, whilst JFK often stayed here. You will meet a cat in the lobby, she is 14 years old and it is ""part of the family"" - it appeared in a Japanese magazine as one of the most famous 100 pets in the world. The elevator is one of the oldest in London that are still working. If you like English breakfast, here is the place to try it - go for capuccino. Located in a residential area, it is incredibly quiet. Walking distance from Warwick Avenue tube station (100 m) and a bit longer by foot from Paddington (10-15 minutes - which makes it easy to reach by Heathrow Express). Little Venice can  be reach for a nice boat trip in 5-6 minutes.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or985-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice if you upgrade to a larger room.,"Initially got booked in here by Hot Wire and ended up with a tiny room, I think their basic double room, which is so small that you will feel you are in a two star hotel in an unstylish arrondissement in Paris- but after paying 25%  more than we were paying we got bumped up to a larger, better, bearable room. Nice staff, very clean, a little chaotic. Close to Warwick Avenue tube on the Bakerloo line. Good location.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or990-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect as always!!!,"I have just had yet another perfect stay with The Colonnade.  As always I was made to feel so welcome and comfortable by the very friendly and efficient staff. And as always my room was impeccable..so much so that it was a struggle to leave it each day. So peaceful and luxurious. And as always, I cannot wait to return for another stay as soon as possible.. Thank you to everyone who made my stay so lovely...as always!!!!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or990-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Welcoming and charming,"We had a lovely stay at The Colonnade. The staff were very friendly, helpful and welcoming and we stayed in a beautiful decorated room with a four poster bed. Haven't seen these for a long time in a hotel and enjoyed staying in this room. We tried the Restaurant for breakfast and the food served was great although a bit overprized. We later realised that if we had booked a package including breakfast online we would have received a better deal.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or990-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Good location and service, but still some places to be improved","My friend and I stayed at the hotel for a night. When I booked the hotel I specifically asked them if the type of room I booked include bathtub, and the lady told me yes. But after I arrived I found out there was only shower in my bathroom. In the end I had to pay an extra 25 pounds for room with tub. And the bathtub was even not that effective to use, its too small and old.  Despite that, the service is good, and the location was nice. It's really close to underground station (but not really convenient if you carry a lot of luggage since there's only stairs).   Oh, and the bed is really comfortable.   ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or990-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hot hotel,"Needed a hotel near Paddington station for 1 night and this was fit for purpose. No soap in the bathroom. Little details matter, sometimes. Seemed very warm so left a window open. Sometimes you have to improvise. Staff OK - one said 'this is the oldest lift in London'- 'I believe you' said wife. She wasn't joking but porter thought she was.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or990-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",London's hidden gem,My partner and I decided to treat ourselves to a night’s stay at The Colonnade Hotel to just get away and relax and what better place to go!  I cannot express how lovely everything was from the start right up until the end.   The hotel is in a quiet area called Little Venice and literally a few steps away from Warwick Avenue Station – made it v. easy to get into Central London.   When arriving the staff were more than helpful with checking in and even had our bags taken up to the room for us whilst my partner and I popped out for the day. When returning later in the afternoon we were greeted to a Club room on the third floor which was beautifully decorated and felt very homely. We ate out so didn’t try the dinner but did check the restaurant out and the food looked great!   The…,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or995-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quaint little hotel near Little Venice.,"Stayed in a twin bed room on the 4th floor. Nice environment and area which was upper middle class and there is a church nearby with a tall spike so not difficult to miss. It's a 3 to 5 mins walk to Warwick Avenue Underground station on the Bakerloo line and only 1 stop away from Paddington station so travelers coming in from Heathrow Express, this location is convenient. It is Zone 2. The hotel is old colonial style and had a very nice reception, lounge with books and newspapers to rest your weary legs. Service staff was accommodating, polite and well trained. The twin room we had was small but comfortable, just enough for 2 persons to get around. It's not conducive for a long stay the entire day but sufficient for a good nights rest. Furniture and fittings is alittle old and…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or995-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Underwhelming experience in a much-celebrated hotel,"To be fair we landed on this hotel blindly through a website deal, promising a good-rated hotel for a steal. What it failed to mention was that the room would be in the basement, next to the kitchen, and through the Staff's service route, so we would constantly hear the Satff's door being slammed (Day and night). Additionally, we had the benefit of hearing the Undergound making it's pass every 10 minutes or so. Windows were barred, with reason I suppose as they faced the service areas. Bathroom flooded due to faulty shower windows, and there was not even a TP holder, so ours sat on a ledge. Mattress must have been a hand-down of other rooms as it was uneven, and let the ocassional spring surprise you in the middle of the night. Cherry on top was the Lobby personnel, which took…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or995-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic rooms and great service...,"This was a last minute booking so we were not expecting much and had booked primarily on the basis of location. It was therefore a wonderful surprise to find that the hotel was so close to the tube stop, whilst also managing to be a calm oasis of quiet. My partner was very happy once he spotted that Alan Turing was born there (the hotel has a blue heritage sign) and we were even more so when we walked through the door to be told we'd been given an upgrade to the Turing Suite!! Everybody was wonderfully kind and helpful (including in the phone calls that I initially had about the booking) and the atmosphere is very very pleasant! I will definitely be going back when I'm next in London... The icing on the cake for us as cat lovers was the resident hotel cat!! Great hotel - wish we…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or995-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel not far from Paddington Station,"My wife and I stayed here as it wasn't far to Hyde Park where we were attending a concert and is a quieter part of central London. The hotel was very welcoming when we arrived and we were booked into a standard double room. Our room was actually downstairs (No 10) , the room was very clean and bottled water was delivered along with a chocolate in the afternoon. The bed was small for a hotel bed but since the rooms are not so big I suppose a bigger bed might take up too much room, anyway the bedding and pillows were all of a high standard so we slept well. The whole ambiance of the hotel was nice and relaxing, the restaurant is also below stairs with half glass roof and walls which gave a spacious and light feel to the place.  My only gripe (if you can call it a gripe) was that…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or995-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",More shabby than boutique,"Staff excellent, But major accommodation issues ,  Booked and then upgraded , still shown to a shoe box with peeling wallpaper, Complained, moved again to room with small , INFACT  miniature full tester 4 poster. The bed was the worst, hardest , bed I've ever slept in , ever in my life, could bear ly walk after 3 nights. The lighting in this room was dull dull dull, Absolutly no place to put make up on daily,  3 great mirrors in room, but no light. No sure if this is boutique more SHABBY. VERY VERY DATED MOD CONS, ITS POSSIBLE TO BE BOUTIQUE  AND STILL HAVE QUALITY BEDS, PILLOWS, LIGHTING. SORT IT OUT GUYS . the managment let the quality if staff down",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1000-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very accommodating,"Bought through an Amazon deal which included a nights stay, 3 course meal and breakfast - upgraded to a deluxe four-poster bedroom with balcony - fantastic!! The room was sumptuous beautiful fabrics and furnishings, very comfy bed with all mod-cons everything you'll need including dressing gown and slippers. The meal at dinner and breakfast was lovely and the staff cannot do enough for you! The lift is amazing! Decor all lovely. The lounge again is inviting and beautiful and there's even a hotel cat who welcomes you. Would I go again? Yes please 😃",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1000-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",1st Class Service,"We stayed at the hotel at the weekend for festival in the park. What a fantastic hotel with outstanding customer service and care, we had a free upgrade due to my mobility so the room was on the ground floor, room 8.  It was a beautiful room with plenty of space and very clean and well presented. The staff could not do enough for us to make our stay comfortable. They were very approachable and greeted us very warmly whenever we stepped into the reception.  Complimentary fruit, bottled water and newspapers greeted us each day and on our departure the reception found us the nearest car parks and printed off the routes, they were just so helpful.  Thank god I never believed some of the previous reviews and so therefore would highly recommend the hotel and we will defiantly be…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1000-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Hidden Gem!,"We flew to London, arriving around 11:00am and took the Heathrow Express direct to the Paddington Station and easily walked the 1km distance to the Colonnade towing our bags behind us. The friendly staff accommodated our early arrival and took us directly to our well-furnished room. We were delighted with the size of the room and the elaborate furnishings and slept in a canopy bed for the first time in our lives! The neighborhood is so quiet it was hard to believe we were in a big city! We had lunch in their dining room which energized us for trips to central London on the tube. The Warwick Avenue tube station is just one block from the hotel front door which makes it convenient for traveling anywhere in the city! The staff was friendly and the service was excellent!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1000-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel and service - disappointing basement room,This hotel is a really interesting and quirky one set in a great location and with great service. Sense of history and nice touches such as bottled water in the rooms and lots of facilities. Staff are friendly and genuinely interested in the hotel guests and making their stay comfortable. The only real disappointment for us was the room in the basement. We had been upgraded but to be honest would rather not have been if other rooms were available on higher floors. The room was clean and pleasant but noisy at night ( due to tube trains) and somewhat dingy by day. Would recommend the hotel but advise against basement area room.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1000-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Step back in time (but in a good way),"OK, we are a little biased, this was our Honeymoon, so on arrival we were upgraded to a luxury room with four poster bed and within 20 minuets a complementary bottle of wine and some chocolate covered strawberries arrived also. so we already felt this hotel was special.  So in a nutshell who is this charming hotel for... ? If you want some luxury but cant quite find £300 a night for a central hotel offering the same standard, then chose the Colonnade. the nearest tube station ( Warwick Ave) is a mere half cigarette ( my wife smokes ) away. yes it could do with a ""spruce"" as some suggest , but I feel this just adds to the charm.  maybe not for you if you have access issues, see the fantastic lift , or small children , although we did see some staying.  In fact it was just shy of…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1005-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful hotel, great service!","This hotel is just beautiful!!!! A small but very charming hotel with a beautiful lobby and a great restaurant. The service was impecable since I arrived starting with the ladies at the front desk. They made sure I was set to enjoy my stay. The afternoon tea service outside in the terrace was fantastic. My favorite part of the stay was the very old but very charming elevator! I stayed in a single room which is very small, but it is also very charming and comfortable. The room had all the services and amenities you would need just in a very small space.  Loved my stay and would love to visit again soon!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1005-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant place to stay,"I have stayed in one of the sister hotels a few years back & that was good so my hopes for the Colonnade were high. My wife & I were not disappointed. Reception is not at all like an hotel with an open desk a reading area the Knight in shining armor and the hotel cat all very homely. We were allocated a very nice, albeit past era room, with big heavy drapes over the windows & a lovely big comfortable bed. The room was well equipped with everything the traveler may need e.g. telephone, mini bar, FS TV, tea/coffee making sofa, easy chair. The location is excellent near little Venice with some nice walks along the Grand Union canal and through the leafy suburb streets which make this  such a charming place to be - not like London at all. The dining room is in contract to the rest…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1005-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Our stay,"The place was conveniently near a tube station (Warwick Avenue), customer service was polite and candid, bed was very comfortable, it had all the essentials, cleanliness on the bathroom was average though              ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1005-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",a tale of two rooms...,"well where do I start...it was the weekend of our 4th wedding anniversary and my husbands birthday. We found the hotel very easily after booking a late room deal online. It was in a really lovely peaceful neighbourhood with excellent transport links and felt totally safe to walk around at any time, day or night. Upon reaching the front door I was struck by how elegantly decorated the entrance was and fully lived up to it's 4 star rating. Lovely, Georgian, grand building, the suite of armour in the front window was odd as didn't fit in with the decor at all! Staff were overly polite and sickly sweet (I know I'm complaining about a really silly thing but it was too forced and made me feel slightly uncomfortable) We were placed into room 9-AVOID at all costs. It was in the…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1005-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wish we'd been able to stay longer,Fantastic place to stay.  Hotel has lots of history and has preserved the atmosphere.  Rooms were clean and we were upgraded to a suite.  Mum's room had a four poster bed.  We had drinks outside on the terrace and an excellent breakfast was included in the room rate. But the most memorable thing was the helpfulness and friendliness and efficiency of every single member of staff that we met. We will definitely be going back.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1010-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Outdated overpriced confined space.,"Stayed in smallest possible single room on 25th Aug. - hanging space opposite bed with a few coat hangers above tea & coffee making kit at floor level providing insufficient room to brew without bending to floor and striking your head, as limited space to meagre single bed tight up to the wall. 2 Steps up to en-suite with door opening inwards so need to manoevre nimbly and step to the left and close the door before using the toilet on the right! To pass the sink and use the shower on the left you must be under 70 kg!  Floorboards creaked badly, TV didn't work and the lift failed in the morning. Continental breakfast was OK.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1010-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous place to stay!,"Fabulous place to stay - excellent staff, lovely atmosphere, very clean and welcoming. Some added touches which really made our trip such as water in the rooms (choice of sparkling or still), apples and on reception cakes made by the chef.  Mini the cat was a delight and the whole area is great. An added bonus was the upgrade of rooms for us and our friends.  Thank you The Colonnade and we look forward to returning again soon.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1010-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Made our parents' 50th Wedding Anniversary so special!,"The Colonnade Hotel was where my parents stayed for their honeymoon in 1965. My sister & I contacted them a year ago to book them for their 50th Anniversary stay this summer. The reservations team (Maria, Liina) were delightful & responded promptly for all of our reservations needs (we had multiple rooms & also extended stays at the last minute). Daniela at reception was phenomenal as well. She went above & beyond to ensure we had a memorable stay, every step of the day. The entire staff at The Colonnade (including the gentleman who helped with our bags/baby stroller/etc., name starts with B & he's from Romania) were top notch service professionals. The location (Little Venice, darling scenery and walking areas), dining experience (mushroom risotto for dinner & the English…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1010-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely and peaceful with caring staff.,"Stayed for one night after a trip to the theatre. I cannot praise the hotel highly enough. After travelling down from the North of England we were looking forward to relaxing and enjoying some London attractions. Arrived slightly earlier than the advertised check in time and pulled up outside while my wife popped in to see if we could check in early. Well from then on it was clear that this was a place to behold. No problem with early check in, staff member found me a spot in secure hotel car park, rearranging staff cars to accommodate mine!, Reception staff were extremely polite and well mannered. We had room 3 on the ground floor. A beautiful little double, with lovely furnishings and special touches such as bath robes to borrow. Breakfast was included in our tariff and again…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1010-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn't deserve the four-star ranking,"The Colonnade Hotel is located in the ""Little Venice"" neighborhood in London just a short walk from the Warwick Avenue tube stop. It is on a quiet street in what seemed to be a safe neighborhood, my 70 year old Mom and I never felt unsafe though we came in late a few nights.  The lobby is nicely decorated with comfortable couches and rather than having a typical hotel from desk they have an actual desk with two chairs for you to sit in while checking in. They were quick to whisk away our luggage while we checked it which was a nice touch so we didn't have to worry about it after a long day traveling. The hotel does not have an elevator so we were even happier that we didn't have to schlep our luggage downstairs ourselves.  Our room is what I would call the basement and the hotel…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1015-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Character Hotel, Great location","Booked a last minute overnight stay August 2015. Warwick Ave tube just over the road, literally a two minute walk. Nice location, Little Venice a stroll away, we didn't have much time to explore the area on this occasion, just a lunchtime walk, but would recommend it. The hotel has a feel of English elegance and charm. Our room was a standard double, fairly small but perfectly adequate, with good facilities. Bedding was luxurious and the bed was really comfortable, we slept like logs! Nice to have bathrobe and slippers too. Staff were welcoming and helpful, and we were able to park our car in secure space overnight. We would definitely stay here again, you get elegance and luxury without the ridiculous Central London prices. I also prefer hotels and rooms with a bit of character…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1015-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"I booked a standard double room for a 3 night break with my wife in August 2015.  The hotel is located within 2 minutes walking distance of Warwick Avenue underground stop (Bakerloo Line), although we walked from Paddington which took us about 20 minutes.  The receptionist was very friendly and showed us to our room once after checking us in.  The room we had was on the lower level down a flight of stairs, room number 1.  The room was very small and there was not a lot of room to get past the bed to the side of the room with the wardrobe, desk etc.  The bathroom was small with a shower.  The style of the room is traditional and very inkeeping with the style of house this hotel once was.  Although the room was rather small it was perfect for sleeping in and getting ready to go…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1015-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming English Style,"Booked a Club room on the 4th floor, really comfortable and great amenities. Bathrobes and slippers and good tea choices. Rooms are not huge but well equipped. The hotels is minutes away from Little Venice canal and Paddington. Excellent connections to Central London (Warwick Avenue tube station is 1 minute away) and many buses as well. Delicious English Breakfast, not a buffet but A la carte. Very pleasant and welcoming staff.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1015-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly Located Superb Hotel,"The Colonnade is a relatively small, superb hotel. In my opinion, it is situated in a perfect location: not smack-dab-in-the-middle of London to be too expensive, but close enough to get anywhere within 4-5 rube stops (via the Bakerloo Line). The tube station Warwick Avenue is just one block away. The hotel itself is quaint, very clean, and beautifully furnished (lobby, rooms, and other areas). The staff couldn't have been more friendly or more helpful. The hotel has its own restaurant; but the little lane that forms the back boundary of the hotel has several small restaurants that serve tasty and reasonably priced fare. Oh, lest I forget, The Colonnade is the birth place of (... drum roll ...) Alan Turing who is considered the father of computer science (of Enigma fame and who…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1015-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Exellent Location,"We had a very nice, large room on the first floor.  Our only complaint was that the air conditioning struggled to keep up - even though it was not particularly hot outside.  Breakfast was included in our price and the omelets were very tasty.  The location is ideal - half a block to the underground and walking distance to several nice restaurants.  The staff could not have been more friendly and accommodating.  Most of the negative comments on this site appear to be about the size of the rooms.  Ours was a deluxe room and a very nice size.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1020-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",WEEKEND BREAK,"This is a gem of a location in central London, I am almost reluctant to tell people about it.  The area is less than 10 mins by tube to the West End and yet is a peaceful haven. It is almost like entering your own (gracious) home. The reception desk is always manned by helpful smiling staff and checking in was a pleasant experience. We had been upgraded to a 4 poster room, which was lovely - spacious, clean with everything we needed- bottled water, apples, chocolate each evening and newspaper. The toiletries were replaced and bathroom kept clean as was the bedroom. Breakfast was very good and cooked to order, with usual choices, and beautifully cooked. The dining room was the one part of the hotel which I was disappointed in, compared to the rest- it lacked atmosphere and in the…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1020-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel in Very quiet neighbrhod,"The hotel is located near the Hyde Park and Paddingtion gardens. The room we slept in (#18) was very small , the Bathroom is good and the Air conditionworked as well .  Brakfast is served in the Hotel's resturant and is not varied , but still good .  The hotel is located 2 minutes walking from the Tube (warrick avenue) and on the Bakerloo line - so this is Exelent  Testo Suppermarket is 3-4 minutes walking from the hotel and near it good Cafe. Loacated 10 minutes running from Paddington Park where you can do Sport",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1020-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but room for improvement,"I enjoyed my stay, but I thought a 4 star hotel might be a touch nicer. My room was quite small and while all the important bits were clean, the walls did have a bit of grime and there was no view to speak of. That said, I got a good price on the room and I've done much worse for the price in London!",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1020-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Second Visit,"This is our second visit to this beautiful, charming little gem of a hotel, lovely area with tube station less than a minute away. Our room was perfect, breakfast good and all staff friendly and efficient.  After a day of crowds and noise of London it is wonderful to come back to the Colonnade for peace and tranquillity.  We look forward to visiting again when we're in London.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1020-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely Afternoon tea in the sunshine!,"The afternoon tea was overall a lovely experience. From the moment we walked into the hotel we were welcomed and then escorted by a member of staff down to the restaurant.  As it was such a lovely sunny day, we wanted to sit outside but the tables were all full. A member of staff was very accommodating in informing that some customers would probably be leaving soon and that we could wait for the table to become free. As soon as the table was free, it was set up for us to occupy. It was indeed a table for 2 but the staff member we dealt with was able to add some chairs so that me and my 3 friends could sit in the sunshine, which we greatly appreciated.   The afternoon tea itself was lovely; a selection of sandwiches, cakes, other miniature sweet treats and a lovely champagne…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1025-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Afternoon Tea,"I booked an afternoon tea for my sisters birthday via Groupon at this beautiful hotel at Warwick Avenue. Service was great, location is fantastic, and as it was a sunny day we were luckily enough to have our tea outside on the patio.  Afternoon tea consisted of bottomless tea.  Sandwiches with Cheese ham & mustard, egg mayonnaise, cucumber and (cannot remember) fillings, home-made scones with bonne maman jam, strawberries, mini cakes and macaroons and a choice of champagne or prosecco . It was a lovely experience and I wouldn’t think twice to book again.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1025-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Hotel,we were in this charming hotel only two nights. Great location and beautiful neighbor. We had the opportunity to visit a gorgeous corner of London (Little Venice). The room was big enough for 4 people. The service was great. The breakfast included was great as well.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1025-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne of hotels,A nice place to go for a romantic  weekend the wife loved it we relaxed and had a lovely meal at a Italian around the corner   The rooms were very high class and the feel good factor is there   We was greeted by the receptionist that was wearing very nice suit she was very polite and helpful   The lift is from the past and even has a seat in it so you can rest on the way to your floor   You can feel the history of the hotel   And each room is from the history books   There is a small car park so be expected to park on The main road but you must phone up the post line which is displayed on the signs on the road side ,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1025-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,Great service with friendly staff. Beautiful rooms with the comfiest of beds. The hotel is literally a minute walk from a tube station so great location and the food is great. No problems at all with this hotel.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1025-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Breakfast.  Tiny rooms; uncomfortable beds,"Our room was very small - even by London standards.  The bed was very uncomfortable.  With all the extras they have at the Colonnade - extremely helpful staff and a delicious breakfast - bottled sparkling water brought to the room daily, it would be nice if they could invest in some decent mattresses.  OK, so you can't do much about the room size; please have decent mattresses. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1030-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location- but VERY tired,"We come back to the Colonnade because the location is so good.Away from the tourist hotspots, in a lovely residential area,  but close to transport, with great walks to gardens and along the canals. However, it has become noticeably tired.The plumbing is very gurgly, the floors creak,the bed we had in a deluxe room was small. An irritating issue has always been that they leave the external spotlights on, so that if you leave the curtains  open the room is far too bright.  I feel that a major refurbishment could turn this into a really classy boutique hotel.  The staff are always pleasant and obliging",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1030-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea - What a Delight,"Four of us came here on a Saturday late afternoon for the Afternoon Tea experience.   It was very easy to find as it is literally a two minute walk from Warwick Avenue underground station.  When we arrived we were greeted by staff with big smiles and everyone we dealt with couldn't do more to help.  We were led to a basement bar area, with tables all laid out for tea.  Although this was a in a basement, it had stairs leading up to the street and had lots of windows so was bright and airy and didn't feel as though we were in the basement.  There was capacity to seat about 30 people, but when we arrived only one other couple was there.  Our experience included a glass of prosecco each, which we had whilst the food was being prepared.  When the food arrived it was beautifully…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1030-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a beautiful location,"The area was excellent, walking distance to Abbey Road studios and the famous crossing. Very close to the tube station and generally very pleasant walk around the area. There's a pub called the Warrington Arms I think which was close by and beautiful. The hotel itself had a fabulous comfortable duvet and bed and the ground floor wasn't awkward at all. Lovely stay, we also ate in the restaurant attached which was ok but nothing special.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1030-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very good hotel and a great location.,"We stayed here for the weekend and were very happy with the location, the room and hotel staff. The lift is a cage type lift and is 120 years old. It was a very interesting building and is also the birth place of Alan Turing. Our rate included  breakfast, which was very nice. The only slight disappointment for us was that we had a guest for breakfast. The breakfast that we bought for our guest (pancakes) was a little meagre. There was a small strawberry sliced on three small pancakes for £10.50. The hotel is located a few yards away from the Warwick Avenue on the Bakerloo line. We would definitely stay here again, but we would probably breakfast elsewhere.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1030-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic summer vacation,"The Colonnade is very well located as it is close to Warwick Avenue tube station and a few bus stops. It's also within walking distance to Paddington train station. There are two launderettes nearby and an ironing board in the room. We stayed at the James Wright suite, the extra bed was just as comfortable as our queen size bed and big enough for an adult to sleep in. The bathroom was OK, but it took a while to get the water to the right temperature. The hotel staff were helpful and replied to our emails promptly. The hotel cat, Minnie is elegant and sweet. Breakfast was delicious with generous portions. The waitresses were very friendly and courteous. We had a fantastic time at The Colonnade and will definitely recommend it!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1035-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Family of 4 from US - 1st Visit to London,"My family and I truly enjoyed our stay at The Colonnade Hotel in London!  The hotel is a very short walk along a safe beautiful canal where we found friendly people and a wonderful neighborhood restaurant, and a short taxi ride to all of London's famous attractions.   The hotel is a special place, we took many pictures and the accommodations were lovely and the staff was professional, attentive, and kind. Tomas the bellman was very helpful as was the man and lady that seemed always to be present in the lobby.   The breakfast was huge and the breakfast servers were prompt, courteous and the food was delicious.   I would stay at this hotel again and I would recommend it to my friends!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1035-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Delightful historic hotel conveniently located in Little Venice,"This hotel which is very historic but modern and updated is located very close to the underground and Paddington train station.   The canal is two blocks  away for a romantic walk.  The room we had was very well appointed and quiet.  It is on the small side but this is London.  The staff and service was exceptional.   We were fortunate and able to check in earlier after taking the overnight flight from NY.  That was much appreciated.  They also allow you to check your bags with them until the room is available.   The staff was always very nice, smiling and interested in our activities.  I thoroughly enjoyed our stay.   The breakfast was very good each morning with several choices.  The hotel is beautiful and always a welcome sight to come back to after a long day of activities…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1035-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",stunning hotel great location,"stayed here in July 2015, we didn't realised that there was a planned tube strike during our stay however there are great bus links right by the hotel, the hotel staff were also really helpful with bus route info and callings us cabs etc. hotel was stunning when we walked in, the entrance and the lobby are so grand feel like you have stepped back in time into a stately home and your the guest of honour. we had a room on the ground floor which wasn't massive but was beautifully finished. great quality curtains, quilt, cushions which made our stay very comfortable. would definitely stay here on our next visit to London, so much more luxurious than other hotels in London for a great price.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1035-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel in a decent location,I wanted to visit Little Venice and this hotel is perfectly located for achieving that. The staff were very helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them. The room was very pleasant and of course this is London so the rooms are always modest in size but it was very comfortable and had everything that was needed.  There was a wedding party in the bar so we didn't hang around but we had breakfast the following morning which was cooked fresh and made from quality ingredients. overall it was a nice experience.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1035-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A comfortable, gentle and nice situated good hotel",After a warm welcome we received the key of our chamber. Our bag had been brought to our chamber. It was a clean big room with a good bathroom. In the morning a good breakfast. The personal spoke good english and understand our needs.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1040-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel,"This lovely hotel set in a beautiful pleasant & quiet neighbour hood. Set a stones throw from Warwick underground station and has excellent bus links. Warwick station is a stop away from Paddington station. Lords Cricket ground is 20-25 minute walk away.   This hotel where Turin once lived is warm & luxurious, it feels more like being in an opulent home than a hotel. The room on the 4th floor accessible by lift & stairs. The lift is one of those antique types that has been very well preserved & reminded me of my childhood.  The staff were lovely and very accommodating- there was always someone at the front desk at all hours. Unfortunately we didn't eat at the hotel due to travel plans so unable to comment.  Our room was of good proportions for London  with a very comfortable…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1040-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel at great price,Got a good price. Staff were very welcoming. Romm described as best in house. Slightly strange layout with the bed on a platform up some stairs from the lounge area. And the bathroom down some stairs. Facilities excellent. Room beautifully decorated. Remote controlled curtains. Bed very comfortable. Bathroom very well appointed and with the deepest bath I've ever seen. Separate shower cubicle. Short walk from tube.       ,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1040-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Little Gem in a Perfect Location,"A charming hotel in a great location - 2 minutes from the underground and 5 minutes from the canals of Little Venice. The staff were very friendly and we were always greeted coming and going.  The room was quite compact which we expected but was very comfortable and we enjoyed lovely touches - Colonnade Slippers and bathrobes, tea and coffee, biscuits, apples, sparkling water and pillow chocolates.  The art deco lift was in keeping with the history of the building.  The only reason it's not a 5 star was the bathroom which was a little tired!  On the whole, I would definitely recommend and would not hesitate to come back.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1040-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect,"Really beautiful hotel just moments from little Venice. In the house Alan Turring was born no less.Staff were charming and helpful. On seeing my elderly mother's stick, they instantly changed her to a ground floor room. Lots of history. Great attitude from all the staff. Lovely room and views. Chocolate muffins and apples at reception",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1040-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Strange room,Room on 1st floor it was nice but everything a little cramped. Very luxurious soft furnishings dim lighting radio 3 playing. Couldn't get radio 4. Bed v comfy lovely hotel sheets. Bath mechanism creaking and old. Tea and coffee had to be retrieved from cubbyhole and there really wasn't anywhere to put it. Breakfast mediocre. Lovely bathrobe n good hairdryer. AC difficult to figure.  Nice area. Easy to get to.  ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1045-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary break,"An excellent hotel. Got upgraded to a room with a 4 poster bed, which was really nice as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary. Staff were very attentive and helpful. Breakfast was really good but had to pay for full english, which we hadn't realised from the booking.       ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1045-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy Colonnade,"Stayed here several years ago and we were pleased that nothing had changed.  Excellent location, away from the hustle and bustle but with good links, by tube, bus and barge!  We spent 3 nights here as we went to a gig in Hyde Park and 2 shows so buses were literally a stone's throw away to central London e.g. The Aldwych Leicester Square and Hyde Park. Delightful trip on the canal up to crazy Camden!  Staff at hotel were very kind and helpful and it was really nice to experience polite waitress service at breakfast. Room was small and on the fourth floor, access by steep, narrow steps not for the faint hearted or persons with mobility issues. Also, our room was situated above the lift so you could hear the great old metal doors clunking.  Only real gripe was that on booking the…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1045-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Second Visit !,"Second visit for me to this charming hotel in beautiful St Johns Wood. This time my husband and I due to the rail strike drove and parked our car at the hotel, we were assisted by staff prior to our arrival regarding the dimensions of the parking entrance. We were greeted at check-in by a helpful and friendly receptionist. Our room was upgraded after we mentioned the trip was to celebrate our anniversary. The staff produced wine and chocolate dipped strawberries that evening. The breakfast was freshly cooked and served again by very pleasant staff. This hotel has lots of character, is very close to Warwick Avenue tube station for convenience, but is set in a quiet residential area, so it offers the best of both worlds. Would stay again, no hesitation.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1045-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, super helpful staffs! ","I love the hotel but I even love the staffs more, they were super friendly and helpful. My foot got hurt from all the walking in London so we could not go out for dinner, the front desk offer to help us order pizza deliver to the room, that was soooo nice of them.  The hotel location isn't close to the city but it only take you 2 minutes to get to the underground then you can get to the city easily. Also I love the hotel location where you could find the grocery store or restaurants, so convenient!  ( The only down thing about our time in London was when we first arrived in London. Our shuttle did not show up so we had to take a taxi to the hotel and it's cost us €110. So make sure you call your shuttle company in advance to make sure they're coming.) ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1045-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, friendlyfront desk staff, but a few ""quirks""","This hotel is in a terrific location in Little Venice.  It is 2 blocks from the Warwick Ave. Tube Station and a reasonable walk from Paddington.  The neighborhood is quiet, pretty, and residential.  The hotel is a converted home with an  interesting history; for instance, Freud lived there for several months before his London home was ready for him after he left Austria.  The internet is excellent and the friendly staff delivers your choice of  still or sparkling water daily.  As others have mentioned, there is a beautiful, friendly hotel cat:  Minnie.  And the hotel provides ""free"" apples in the rooms, along with robes and slippers.  On the other hand, I was given a room on the 4th floor, which is accessible only by stairs, as the elevator ends on the 3rd floor.  Presumably,…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1050-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel,This hotels was beautiful. The location was amazing 2 minute walk to the tube and train station. The area was  beautiful. Great restaurants in walking distance as well as groceries and pastries. The staff was great as well as the hotel cat Mini.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1050-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting but Not a four star hotel,"Let's start with the positives. The hotel is in a charming building, in the lovely neighborhood of Little Venice. Easy access to the tube, to the canals, and to Paddington station, make it very convenient to explore London. The building has an interesting history. It used to be the house of Alan Turing. However things have not changed much since the times of Alan Turing..  The hotel is decrepit. The carpets need to be replaced and everything could use deep cleaning. The rooms are tiny and surprisingly noisy. Everything seems about to break. The staff is generally nice but the service is not at the level of a four star hotel. For example, I find it most puzzling that they do not have umbrellas for guests to borrow (in London!). So if you are looking for a three star hotel in a…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1050-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"We stayed at the Colonnade for 9 nights and were not disappointed. I traveled with my best friend and we were celebrating 30 years of friendship with a very special trip to London. I had some special requests which I communicated to the Colonnade staff before our arrival and every last need was met. We were assigned a beautiful, first floor, two twin room with a large, oversized bathroom- perfect for two girls (women) traveling together. (They upgraded us from a Club to a Deluxe room, free of charge too). They even offered to store my luggage so it wouldn't take up space in the room. The Little Venice area that the hotel is located in is spectacular! It was centrally located, yet we felt like we were escaping busy London and coming home to a beautiful sanctuary every evening. We…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1050-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly, unique","Welcoming, professional staff in a building with character. Stayed in a room with a four poster bed, clean washroom, and enough space ... but the 'second floor' of the 'suite' was really a mezzanine with no more than a six foot clearance. The building has an intriguing history with Freud and Turing, so why call a suite JFK when there is no relationship with the US president? But these are quibbles - a interesting, pleasant place to stay. Just steps away from the nearest Underground station.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1050-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little Bit of Luxury,"From arrival, this hotel set an outstanding first impression! From the traditional yet modern decor, to the friendly staff who were so helpful in every way - and even upgraded our room for free for us when we got there which was a lovely surprise!   Stayed here with my boyfriend for a birthday weekend in London, and we even got escourted to our rooms and a little introduction by the staff with all the information about it which I thought was a great touch. It made the stay feel so personal, and you didn't feel like just another guest here.   We opted to go for the three course dinner deal that we had, and decided to sit outside. The setting was absolutely beautiful, and was lovely to just sit and talk. The food wasn't 10/10 standard, but was still lovely for what you got and we…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1055-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Revisit to lovely hotel,The Colonnade is a lovely London hotel with air conditioning in all rooms. Rooms are all pleasant and clean we have stayed here many times and have no complaints. The staff are welcoming and very helpful. The hotel is conveniently situated just 2 minutes walk from the tube station at Warwick avenue.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1055-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Old and it shows,"We were there for six nights during a family emergency.  It is no surprise that an affordable room in London would be small.  But thread bare curtains, the oldest lift in London per the desk clerk - and it acted that way, very small beds which I called army cots, the stairs to our room on the fourth floor were irregular in both size and spacing, but... On the plus side, optional - not included - breakfasts were very good and the location was good.  Managerial staff was very friendly and able to remedy most minor problems.  It was clean, but tired.  Overall, not our favorite",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1055-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service and friendly hotel,Stayed in London for the weekend for my birthday and choose the colonnade hotel excellent service and freindly staff clean room resturant food / breakfast was lovely had a very nice stay and would defiantly go back ..  went to theartre and Madame tussades,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1055-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Step back in time at this delightful hotel in Little Venice,"Do an about-turn on emerging from Warwick Avenue tube and The Colonnade is only about 100 yards ahead, on a corner beyond the church. Crossing the threshold is like stepping back in time - loved the old-fashioned art deco lift! From the moment we checked in, staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant. Our 'club twin' room was very well appointed and the beds extremely comfortable. Such a lovely part of London to explore - the canal is very close by and we took a delightful canal boat ride to Camden Market before going into the city. The full English breakfast next morning was superb and the bed, breakfast and 3-course dinner deal seemed very reasonable.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1055-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Alan Turing was born HERE,"Room-16 fabulous suite, spacious to the roof, and ornate, definitely a space for special things.  the hotel has history and this history pours into you, as you spends the seconds, minutes, hours, sleep there. Apart from Turing, even Freud stayed here for a few months.   A traditional elevator, carpeted steps, 4-poster bed in the room, a nifty ironing board, miniscule balcony, and character. Most traditional old-style London hotels have questionable bathrooms, but this one had a reasonable modern bathroom, separate taps but with a hot-cold mixer, 2 sinks, and a relatively comfortable and usable tub.  the breakfast, interestingly, is NOT a standard buffet, but made to order, in their sit-down restaurant. Eggs, beans and toast served at the table, will take that over any buffet,…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1060-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel with character and history,"We've stayed at this hotel twice now to celebrate our anniversary.  It's a wonderfully quirky hotel with an interesting history.  It's located in a nice suburban neighbourhood with good bars and restaurants, next to the Regents canal and with good transport links to the West End.  For both our stays, the rooms were comfortable and quiet.  My girlfriend is allergic to feathers and we had to get our feather pillows and duvet replaced with synthetic ones which, on the scale of problems isn't really a biggie, but the staff were concerned and prompt to sort this out.  In fact, all our dealings with the staff were good, they're friendly, courteous and kind.  All in all, we really like this hotel and intend to return next year!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1060-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding Boutique Hotel Experience,A wonderful hotel with friendly and attentive staff in a historic London mansion.  Our room was delightful with canopied bed and lovely view of the surrounding area.  Bathroom was nicely appointed and well designed.  Location was better than I had hoped being one tube stop from Paddington Station (Warwick Avenue) and less than a block from the tube stop itself. Also being on the Barkerloo Line with all of its convenient stops was a real plus.  I would select this as my hotel again the next time I am in London!,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1060-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"We spent a night at the Colonnade as a base for visiting a relative who lives nearby. We had booked on an Amazon voucher offer for a Dinner, Bed & Breakfast deal and were impressed by the lovely old building, beautifully decorated and quirky.  We had a small room on the top floor but it was very comfortable with all the extras we could have wanted.  The bathroom was, in fairness, rather snug (good job we are not too big!) but it was perfectly ok for our one night stay.  The staff were all very friendly and helpful, though we had a couple of instances when making ourselves understood was slightly difficult due to language differences.  However, everything was done with a smile. Obviously, Customer Services Manager, Millie the Cat, runs a tight ship. Our only niggle was the lack…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1060-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wish we could have stayed longer !,"Stayed in lots of chain hotels in central London and this far outweighed any of them, from the friendly personal welcome to being taken to our room, the wonderful décor of this old building and the extra large bed with luxury bedding.  Waitressed served breakfast rather than a buffet all added up to a great stay - just wished we could have stayed longer ! Visit 'The Waterway' a lovely restaurant within walking distance for afternoon drinks overlooking the canal. We will be back - thank you.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1060-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice boutique hotel in St Johns Wood close to Lords Cricket Ground,"Nice character hotel in St Johns Wood, comfortable rooms, not large but usual for most London hotels. I stayed In an upper floor room, was very quiet as off the street. Service was very good, friendly staff. I was going to watch cricket at Lords so this was very convenient being a 10 minute walk to the ground. The St Johns wood village was on the way with some very nice coffee places and restaurants.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1065-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",We wouldn't stay anywhere else now!,"We had a night in London on the 8th June and booked the Colonnade through their own web site - it betters any hotel comparison site. Another great room - no. 8, right by reception, and really nice to hear the staff laughing! (That is not meant as a complaint - it was genuinely fun to hear them....). Although I am rather sad that they have stopped using Gilchrist & Soames toiletries, the replacements were fine....just that I love G & S! We had breakfast in our room, as we have done before, and it was up to the usual very high standard. We honestly wouldn't stay anywhere else these days - apart from being such a fabulous hotel, it is in such a good location. So close to Warwick Avenue tube station, and the no. 6 bus goes all the way to Aldwych, so brilliant either for Oxford…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1065-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",very nice neighborhood,"It’s a charming hotel.  I love the building architecture and its surrounding, although maybe a bit posh? Room is small, but still decent and decorated with nice details.  I stayed in floor 4, the lift only took us to third floor, and the rest by stairs.  I didn't mind, really.  I found the old lift to be charming too.  Location is ok.  Very close to Warwick Avenue tube (Bakerloo line, one stop from Paddington) so it is very easy to get anywhere.   2 blocks away from Tesco.  Staff is helpful but somewhat cold? And no, it’s not british-cold, they’re not even british. But it’s not a big deal, we don’t stay at hotel to chat with the staff, do we.   Can't comment on the food because I always ate out. Overall an enjoyable experience, but maybe I’d expect a bit more from a 4 star. …",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1065-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay!,I stayed at the Colonnade Hotel this past week and I can say that it was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever encountered! The surroundings were amazing and reflected somewhat forgotten Old English atmosphere. Everything worked perfectly and the service was amazingly precise and very friendly. Nice curiosity was also the oldest working elevator in London which is something that one should experience. The food in the restaurant was amazing as well! All in all I think it is one of the best hotels in London and also one of the best what I have experienced and I may recommend the place very warmly.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1065-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A polished oasis away from the crowds,"We stayed at the Colonnade for a week and found it an extremely charming and comfortable home-away-from-home. Situated in quiet, elegant, Maida Vale,  we were greeted like family by the staff. The room was very comfortable and quiet, with air conditioning we could set ourselves, and each day we would return after a day of exploring to find that the housekeeping staff had made the room as excellent as the first day we laid eyes on it. The hotel is well situated to public transport, and well-served by buses as well as the tube. The Colonnade is a well-kept secret.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1065-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Another perfect stay,"As always, The Colonnade provided me with a PERFECT stay. Everyone was so helpful and friendly, and my room was so comfortable, peaceful, beautiful and spacious that I didnt want to leave it.  Thank you to everyone..especially Daniela...who made me feel so at home.I am looking forward to another stay later this month!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1070-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A great base for exploring London,"We used the Colonnade as a base for exploring London. Literally a stones throw from the Warwick Avenue station on the Bakerloo line this is ideally situated for getting around.  The hotel is steeped in history. The hotel has been a girls school and a hospital in its past. Alan Turing was born here and Sigmund Freud was a resident here for a short period. It also has a large Victorian lift with sliding gates and gorgeous Art Deco front.  On arrival were greeted by hotel staff plus a cat and a concierge took our bags to the room. We were treated to a afternoon tea as part of our deal with a glass of Prosecco and a selection of sandwiches, cakes and scones with the obligatory pot of tea.  The room we had was very large and spacious with an exceptionally comfortable bed which I am…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1070-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Delighted by 1 night stay,"Two of us stayed at the Colonnade for one night in June. It was our first time at the hotel and in that area. The room was very comfortable, with a great bed and all amenities, including a particularly nice bathroom and efficient air conditioning. The staff were extremely helpful, and reacted to some off-beat requests for help with aplomb. The hotel is in a lovely neighborhood, and is a good way to get out of the hustle and bustle of downtown London, while remaining close to the action. Very close to the tube and bus services so it's easy to get around. We enjoyed walking around the area. We'd definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1070-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Small charming boutique hotel,"We booked a weekend in this hotel after hearing from our friends,we loved it! Supper bed! So comfortable,the breakfast was delicious and the service was beyond expectations. Thank you for a lovely weekend.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1070-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Well-located historical hotel,"We stayed two nights at the colonnade. We arrived three hours before checkin time and our room was not ready. The concierge immediately proposed us to keep our luggage so that we can begin visiting London right away. When we came back, our luggage was already in our room. Clean room, comfortable bed. The room was a bit small. You can feel the history of this hotel. If you are interested, its history is detailed in the visitor's guide in the room. The room is equipped with all necessities and the bathroom is modern. Very pleasant to enjoy a warm towel after shower. The location is perfect. Calm and accessible. 2 minutes walking distance from Warwick Avenue station. A good choice of restaurant near the hotel. Perfect for a quiet stay.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1070-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Small, boutique hotel","Lovely decor throughout the lobby and other public spaces. We had beautiful room with four poster bed. Located in a quiet area of London near Little Venice. Staff seemed to go out of their way to make our stay enjoyable and to accommodate my husbands wish to avoid using stair climbing. (I had forgot to mention his mobility problem when I made the reservation, but they took it in stride and moved our room.) Breakfast is included and it was excellent.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1075-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice good value small hotel,"Very close to the Warwick tube station in the quiet Little Venice area of London. Small hotel with friendly helpful staff. On the street right behind the hotel (Formosa St) there is a coffee shop, a very good small Italian restaurant and a laundry mat.  A very good location to base a trip to explore London. Room rates are reasonable. The hotel has a nice restaurant in the lower level as well as a comfortable seating area in the lobby",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1075-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",One of London's secret gems,If you are looking for a bland corporate hotel go elsewhere. This hotel has real character and a fantastic location. Best of all are the staff- who feel like friends and make us feel special every time we stay. And don't forget Mimi the hotel cat- a purrrfect hotel!,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1075-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect,"We really enjoyed our staying in The Colonnade Hotel. Everyone were so nice. The best thing is the location, less than a minute from the underground station. 10 minutes from everything. We'll definitely come back again.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1075-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best afternoon tea in London,"I was immediately charmed by the Colonnade Hotel, the interior is inviting and the staff approach you to find out what you need. We bought a wowcher for Afternoon tea, which can be had in the inviting restaurant or under the glass topped terrace which we opted for because of the glimpses of sunshine. We were the only customers there but that just made our experience better. We were able to have non-alcoholic beverages in place of the champagne and they had a decent range of teas.  The reason this is the Best Afternoon Tea in London (Melbourne's the Langham hotel is my favourite) is because except for the mini chocolate eclair everything was fresh. The sandwiches were not dry, although the cucumber and cream cheese was bland, I used the rocket garnish to give it a kick. The piece…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1075-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",JMT Location Location Location,The location was excellent only 100 yard from tube and a 15 minute walk from Paddington Station along canal to Little Venice.Staff very friendly and professional . Room of a very high standard although we didn't have a bath.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1080-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"I really enjoyed my stay in The Colonnade Hotel. The staff were very friendly and professional. The room was delightful and the food was a little expensive, but very good. I would highly recommend this hotel. The added bonus was that the Hotel is 2 minute walk to Warwick Avenue Tube/train station.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1080-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",''perfect hotel for a london stay'',"My husband and I spent a lovely couple of days at the Collonade Hotel. What a great find, the location is good  and surprisingly tranquil .The room was perfect and the bed so comfy I had the best nights sleep in ages.The staff are very friendly and breakfast very good. Hope to go back and try out the restaurant on our next visit as the menu looked delicious.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1080-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea,"I was given a voucher by a friend for Champagne Afternoon Tea - I was pleasantly surprised how accommodating the staff were - sometimes with voucher bookings places can be a bit iffy with you as you're paying less that other customers - they happily took a booking for more people than covered by the voucher, on a bank holiday, and the price for the extra people turned out to be less that stated on both the website and booking...always a nice surprise!  There weren't many people there, and the atmosphere was a little lacking - perhaps some background music would have helped - and I found the staff a little aloof.  The sandwiches were a little soggy, but tasty, and the cakes were presented nicely. The scones in particular were delicious, warm and crumbly - though we could have…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1080-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Wow, a gem of a find","Stayed here over the weekend as hubby went to the cricket at Lords.  What a find.  Free parking outside over the weekend, fabulous location for getting into central London and lovely shops and restaurants and pubs nearby.  The hotel and its staff are very warm and welcoming. The staff cannot do enough for you.  We stayed in room 45 on top floor, great room with lovely views and very quiet.  If I had one criticism it would be that there is no real bar and bar seating area, the bar is actually part of the restaurant so did not feel you could just sit and had a drink before dinner with intruding on people dining",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1080-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Warm welcome, friendly and efficient service, great location.","I had booked a Classic room but prior to arrival e mailed the hotel to let them know the stay was part of my partner's birthday celebrations and asked them for a room above ground floor level. They obliged us by upgrading us to a Club room on arrival, which was lovely. The Reception staff were very welcoming and efficient, and all members of staff were just as pleasant. The hotel is very well presented, the breakfast was good and the service throughout was prompt. We loved it and will certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1085-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at the Colonnade,"Hello,  I spent a lovely afternoon at the Colonnade Hotel cafe, sipping on champagne, tea and a nice assortment of sanwiches and cakes. An unforgettable experience.  The personnel are extremely nice and welcoming.  Also, the resident cat is just too cute. The true master of the place... ;-)  I hope I'll be back someday.  MJ",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1085-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",marvelous hotel in great area,Loved our stay in the JFK suite. Extrememly comfortable bed in very quiet neighborhood. Very close to underground. Terrific English breakfast in charming breakfast room. Outdoor eating in nice weather and glass roofed eating area so you see outside when you are eating inside. Extremely helpful staff. Highly recommend hotel.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1085-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Rather Impressed,"This review is overdue, however , I had to take a moment to share our amazing experience at The Colonnade during the end of April. This delightful boutique hotel is only few blocks from my fiances apartment which was undergoing renovations. I must mention that I am an executive for one of the leaders in the hospitality industry. We chose to stay here instead of one of the brands I work for because of its close proximity to the apartment. Wow! From the moment we walked in, I was enchanted with its charm. A lovely woman named Shahar Rothschild welcomed us with such class and comfort I just knew our stay would be delightful. It certainly was. Not only was the The Turing Suite she checked us into stunning, it was perfectly appointed. Although I usually stay with my company's well…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1085-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Elegant hotel with personality,Great slightly off-centre location close to Little Venice and Warwick Avenue Underground. Nearby also is the delightful  hidden world of Clifton Nurseries with its super Quince Tree cafe. An extremely comfortable welcoming hotel with great staff.  We shall return!,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1085-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, quiet location","An elegant hotel, lovely comfortable room and very friendly staff. Situated close to Warwick Avenue tube station and a few minutes walk from Paddington Stn. Yet it is surprisingly quiet, I would recommend to anyone who likes to stay at smaller hotels.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1090-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea - 50:50 impression,"I went for Afternoon Tea with my partner and I have to say we did have a nice experience. Luckily we were able to sit outside (unfortunately they only offer 4 tables outside). We were offered a glass of Champagne and the afternoon tea selection came prompt. Staff was friendly that day and not too bothering, which was nice because we were able to just relax and enjoy our afternoon.  Shame only that they didn't offer fresh mint-tea and the sandwiches were a bit poor. Some of the cakes seem not to be freshly made but the scones were delicious.  I also think they should offer some cocktails because it is a nice location to just have a drink in a quiet, but nice area.   Overall I have to say we had a nice experience and I would go there again, but not if I have to pay the full price…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1090-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A fantastic afternoon tea,My partner booked a group on and we were not disappointed! We had a lovely glass of prosecco and your expected sandwiches. There were so many lovely cakes that I could barely finish my scone! The staff were very attentive and the hotel itself is beautiful.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1090-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, good location","Stayed here in april for a weekend. Hotel is situated one tubestop from Paddington on the Bakerloo line, very good location for center of London. Hotel lies in a quiet area, only a short walk from tubestation. Hotel clean, staff friendly and helpful. We did not have breakfast included so can't comment on that. Room was small, but nice, bathroom very nice. Hotel was quiet apart from the maids cleaning, they made a lot of noice. Use the no disturb sign. But still they make a lot of noice in the hallways, doors slamming. There is a restaurant at the hotel, did not try. Little venice is near by, nice walk by the canal, not much else. Pub near by, and a small shop that sells what you might need. Would stay again because of location.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1090-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,Went with my mum for afternoon tea the reception at the hotel was lovely we were shown downstairs were tea was served not very impressive wobbly table very worn out table sandwiches very basic cakes nice the staff were lovely but as I only paid 20 pound for 2 of us if I had paid 64 I would have been very disappointed,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1090-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location and hotel,"A fantastic hotel with staff that could not be more friendly. The rooms are excellent with great attention to detail, and the location is great. I cannot recommend a stay here highly enough and will definetly return.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1095-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Older hotel, reasonable price for London's standard","Our daughter lives in the area so location was our first priority. It's near Little Venice, close to the tube and train station. The service was very good.This may become the ""spare bedroom"" whenever we visit London since our daughter lives in a 1 bedroom. The only thing is it costed us a lot of money. We stayed for 6 nights and it costed us more than 2 round trip tickets from Toronto to London. Everything was what a 4 * hotel should be except the shower and the wall/door were thin. We could hear doors open and close. I have shoulder length hair but never felt I had completely rinsed out the shampoo no matter how long I stayed in the shower. When we complaint about this they did sent someone to look into it. At the same time we were basically told not to expect much because…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1095-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing yet so close to the centre of London,Thank you to you and all your staff at the Colonnade Hotel who made us very welcome and comfortable during our stay in London.  We had a lovely time and enjoyed our delicious breakfast each morning.  Having an upgrade to a pretty Delux Room was also very kind. We will be recommending your hotel to all our friends and we will be back again for another visit with you in the near future.Thank you once again.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1095-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent, characterful hotel with a sense of history","We wanted accommodation overnight in London as we had friends staying with us from France who had not visited London before.  An advert came through from Amazon for this hotel that included a 3 course dinner and breakfast. The hotel and value for money was exceptional. The ambience, location (short bus ride from central London, or short walk Warwick Avenue underground), helpfulness of staff, the quality of the food and the decor and charm of the hotel were all excellent. In addition if interested in history, Alan Turing was born there.  We shall certainly go back there",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1095-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel. Strange Situation With Staff.,"I booked this hotel through Priceline, and was very happy with the price for London.   The hotel is gorgeous! It has a beautiful exterior and interior. I actually loved my tiny little room! It was RIGHT NEXT to the tube too!  My room was small and well air conditioned. My father's room was a little more difficult with maintaining temperature. He also was unable to bathe due to the inaccessibility of the tub in his room. I would have loved to have that tub, but with the antique elevator, I didn't feel it was safe for him, with his mobility issues.  I loved my cushy soft bed. Some people wouldn't be happy with how soft it was, but I was loving it! My bedding was luxurious. I was very happy laying in bed at night and watching TV.  Here are my problems: The service was very strange.…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1095-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Back in LONDON -Back in ""THE COLONNADE""","Not at the first time,and for sure not at the last time,in my visit to LONDON, I  stayed  at ""THE COLONNADE"". It seems to me that the staff became more and more professional and friendly, from one visit to the other,and I feel like in a family. The dinner and the breakfast were,like always, well made,from the best products. The room was very clean and very effctive organized.. And to the MANAGERS of this HOTEL I can say:""see you next time"".",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",staff ruined my stay,"Upon arrival, staff was nice, collected payment immediately, but had trouble running my american card, found out later I was double charged. Honest mistake. However a day later when I brought that mistake to the attention of the weekend staff, I was told that they don't make mistakes, and had the lady offer to explain my own card statement to me (because apparently I'm too stupid or inexperienced to understand it myself?).  I made an additional trip up and down the stairs (the lift was broken and we were on the top floor, so 90 steps every time we left the room) to show them my personal information to them, there was no acknowledgement that they might have made a mistake. Instead, they then asked me to screenshot and send a copy of my card activity (sensitive personal…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel is beautiful and staff is even better,"I stayed in the Colonnade Hotel in London last year.  When I found out I was going back this year, the first thing I did was book the Colonnade.  It is small and intimate and gorgeous. A Victorian home which has been elegantly restored and turned into this great place to stay.  Small but having every service you might need.  It is two blocks to the tube and then you can get to anywhere.  Best of all, the staff.  Every one of them is kind and friendly, which we expect.  These people go the extra mile and make sure you get whatever you are looking for.  I can hardly wait to go back.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden surprise,We has a really nice stay I'd never stayed in this part of London before but needed to be close to Paddington as needed an early start next day. Its very laid back with a nice pub around the corner Really accommodating friendly staff in what is a very bespoke setting. We were upgraded to a suite as it was my partners birthday and nothing was too much trouble will definitely go back,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Late Night Last Minute Stay - Amazing decision!!,"I recently got back from a quick trip to London during which I didn't anticipate needing a hotel so I didn't book any. One night half way through the trip I figured out I needed one I could check into late and sleep late at and assumed Id have to pay a great deal for a good comfortable hotel so last minute. I did a quick search and came across the Colonnade, the rooms looked nice, very London, and comfortable. Great Price! I wanted to stay in a hotel that was actually indicative of London not simply a Holiday Inn or something.  The reality ended up being much better than I hoped! The location was very central and the neighborhood was adorable. We got a free room upgrade at check in, free English breakfast the next morning which you can have delivered to the room. I called in the…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1100-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very happy stay,"Colonnade hotel is very near the tube station (Warwick Avenue, also not far away from the Paddington train station) and located in a very quite and peaceful area. The hotel has a very cosy atmosphere. We booked a club room and were upgraded to a juniour suite for free. Our room was clean, spacious and I love its beautiful and classic decoration. It also provides many types of tea, apples and biscuits for free. Hotel staff are helpful and friendly. I would like to recommend this hotel to ohter travellers/tourists.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms - very bad experience,"Redicoulously Small rooms. We got a room which was actually in the basement (under ground level). The size of the room was totally miniature.  We got the room through PriceLine so we were expecting a normal room (usually I even get upgraded through PriceLine).  The elevator was not working.  We ordered a wakeup call which never arrived.  We asked them to help us with a taxi to the coach to airport - the 4 minute ride costed 30$. Had they asked us - we would say we just want a regular black London cab, for which the pricing would be about 8$.  Just don't go there. In case you win it through PricLine or Hotwire - just ask to replace hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Elegant, Superb Service, NOT Handicapped Accessible!","This is a very elegant hotel in the Maida Vale area of London, a very fashionable area.  The staff are extremely helpful and friendly, and the hotel has undergone a fairly recent major renovation.  It is quite comfortable.  BUT - very big but - it is really NOT handicapped accessible.  It only has one lift, which is apparently one of the oldest, if not the oldest, working lift in the UK.  Unfortunately on my visit it was NOT working :(  The steps are very steep, and tightly curved with wedged shaped steps at the curve - and the only railing is on the side where the steps are the narrowest.  It was very painful to climb the stairs, and as earlier guests had all moved to lower floors (understandably!) I would up with a room requiring many more stairs that I could comfortably…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Short but happy stay,"Thoroughly enjoyed my short stay ( only one night) I arrived very late and was greeted and looked after with great hospitality. Room was beautiful, peaceful.  My friend joined for breakfast the next day.  Welcoming from the night porter to my check- out. Lovely foyer and a characterful, historic interesting building. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and old fashioned service,Stayed at  the Colonnade over the New Year and had a great break in London. Whilst the Hotel is a little older there was a great atmosphere and the service was fantastic. Certainly the best value for money accommodation in the location. Will defiantly be back. Thanks,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1105-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I plan to stay here for weeks.,"Because my work, I plan to visit London, and fortunately I can have a reservation with The Colonnade London. Because of my work schedule, I would like to cancel the hotel, but I rescheduled my work plan. I hope have a nice trip with this lovely Hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely find in Maida Vale with Excellent staff and lovely rooms,"A lovely find in Maida Vale, a very quiet spot yet just a few minutes from the tube.  The staff are excellent, from front of house through to restaurant.  The rooms are also lovely and beds very comfy. The old fashioned lift is indeed very quaint and unusual.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, rooms a bit worn","I spent 2 nights here in March 2015. The hotel is well-located, 15 mins walk from Paddington station or a few minutes from Warwick Avenue tube station. The area is quite posh, if you like that sort of thing, but if you find it tiresome seeing people with £1,000 sunglasses and walking ridiculous poodles around or carting them around in Land Rovers that have never even crossed a kerb, let alone gone off-road, then you can easily zip into central London for a more socio-economically mixed feel. Unless you head to Knightsbridge. Or Chelsea. Oh, wait, I forgot to remember that no-one who is on a normal UK salary can afford to live within an hour of central London anymore. Oh well. Join the tourists then.  Apart from the chichi area, the hotel itself is in a lovely old building. The…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",City Charm in a Quiet Spot,"If you love the buzz of London, but want to retreat to a safe, quiet hotel, you couldn't do better than The Colonnade Hotel in Maida Vale. One street away from the Warwick Avenue Tube Station on the Bakerloo Line and you're off to all points in London. Although you're surrounded by residences, only one street away in the other direction and you have a small cluster of the essentials, The Prince Alfred Pub, a tiny grocer, a coffee shop, restaurant, dry cleaner, hair salon--do you need more? Two streets away and you're at the canal in Little Venice, looking at the flowerpot-decorated barges that are summer homes to some eclectic adventurers and the Waterway Bar and Grill. The Colonnade is pretty, clean, quiet and offers well-appointed rooms and luxurious common spaces.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",fun one-nighter,"We had a small group travelling together and rented three rooms.  One was a junior suite and two were standard-issue.  The hotel is quite lovely, clean and well-kept with a romantic decor.  The junior suite was very pretty and spacious.  The standard rooms were clean and small, and over-all very comfortable.   The hotel is immediately next to a tube stop, a short walk to the canals of the Little Venice neighbourhood and a stone's throw from two excellent pubs.  The hotel can include a breakfast-in rate which, happily and surprisingly, is a la carte in the main restaurant / bar.  It was quite lovely and the coffee was good.  The staff were very friendly and eager if somewhat disorganised and not entirely comfortable with English.  The hotel boasts the oldest functioning elevator…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1110-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming hotel in an excellent location,"we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of march and we had a really lovely stay. The hotel is very old but has lots of charm. The rooms are not massive but they are lovely and the beds were so comfortable. The free teas and coffee range is beautifully presented in a wooden box with such a choice of teas. There are also free cakes on reception table and apples which was a lovely touch. The hotel is situated 2 mins from warwick avenue tube which leads directly into centre of london. So easy to get around! Also, we didn't get to do this as we were a day early, but very close by is a canal where you can get on a barge and take a short trip up to camden (I think it is also walkable but we didn't have time and the weather wasn't the best when we were there. The whole weekend…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A hotel with Old World Charms,"Although I have only stayed at the hotel for a night, I must say it possesses some beautiful old world charms in the building. From renowned personalities (like Alan Turing and Freud) who once stayed in the building, to very old cranky lift, to the warm and luxe decor of the room (top floor - club room) that I was provided. Located a stone's throw from Warwick Station, you are presented with a beautiful facade from the outside (even the cabby who took me there commented on it). Do not expect a huge expansive reception area with many porters and concierge attending to you. This is after all a converted residential building. Reception area and waiting area was nicely decorated giving you a slight hint as to the decor theme of the place. Check in was a standard affair. Staff would…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Could be so much better,This hotel has such potential.  Unfortunately they have their business meetings in the breakfast room which makes it an unpleasant way to start the morning.  The basement rooms are awful- noisy fan and regular rumble of trains.  Fortunately they moved me to a lovely room.  The staff are very nice and many of the rooms are too.  Could be so much better if they just knew how!,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A return visit,"This was a return visit after a couple of years, this time with a friend and for a longer stay in better rooms. Some aspects of the hotel still need improving but overall this was a comfortable and relaxing stay in studio suites. There was no effective turndown; our deal said mineral water at turndown, creating the expectation that there was a turndown service with the additional bonus of water. This was not so - the water was the turndown service! Which is a strange use of words. Effectively you turned down your own bed, closed your own curtains and generally prepared the room for night time yourself. There was an iron provided in the room but I wouldn't have dared used it as the lead was frayed and the wires exposed; the board also looked overused and the knob to the cupboard…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Stay,We booked in for my girlfriends birthday. It was the first time she had stayed there but I had stayed before. When she saw the hotel she was instantly besotted with it. At check in the staff were warm and courteous. They had upgraded us and offered a complimentary continental breakfast. It was at that point I announced it was her birthday. The room we stayed in was beautiful and we had not been in the room 10 minutes before two glasses of champagne were delivered as a birthday treat. All the staff there were professional and friendly and could not do enough for us. That is what really makes this place special. A must stay at venue. We will be going back and every time we stay in London. It will be there.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1115-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful area, a beautiful hotel.","I stayed here for a week last year, and it was such a wonderful stay. Everything about the hotel is luxurious and comfortable. The local area is gorgeous and is a wonderful place to be, a quiet serene pocket in the heart of busy London. We had a wonderful member of staff, Borden, look after us and he was so polite and helpful.  Great value for money, a perfect getaway!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Happiness is a good hotel.,We were made very welcome by the staff at our arrival and the room was well appointed with all we could wish for. The restaurant is open all day with a good selection of food which was well cooked. The hotel is situated in a very good area that is convenient for the West End and the beautiful Kensington Parks. We were really happy to be there.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in great location,"Stayed at the Colonnade Hotel for 2 nights from 20th March 2015. There were 2 adults and 1 child and the room was made up of a king size four poster bed and a camp bed. The room was excellent for our needs it was clean, spacious and had everything you would expect, safe, mini bar, trouser press etc. The location is great, a stones throw from the tube station and shops, cash machine, pubs and cafés within a short walk. The staff in the hotel were great and couldn't do enough for us. The breakfast was very nice and plentiful although not especially cheap. Overall, it was a great stay and would recommend it to anyone.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice ...,"Stayed here for my birthday the room was very nice the bed was so soft and there was a balcony (didn't use it as it was raining ) and the food was great , I had breakfast in my room and it was fab ! The bathroom was very small but that's what you tend to get in London hotels, the service was good and the hotel was very quiet which was nice as I like my hotels to be private .",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay,"I stayed here in March as part of our sales conference which was at Lords cricket ground. The location is very nice and very accessible with Warwick Avenue underground station literally a minute's walk away. The hotel is a bit quirky and old fashioned but it is clean and comfortable. From what I saw the rooms were all very nice, but the bathroom's had probably seen better days! Nothing terribly wrong with them, but not in keeping with the quality of the rest of the hotel.  The free wifi worked very well by the way... The staff were very attentive and professional, and the breakfast is great. Full English had on both days and extremely satisfied with it.  Would recommend to out of towners needing to have a comfortable and convenient base in West London.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1120-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely cosy hotel,"This is a really nice hotel; really cosy-such a  comfy bed! We stayed on a Sunday night so got a good deal with breakfast-really good breakfast. Is in a good location around the corner from warwick ave tube station and right near the canal which is pleasant for a walk. Friendly staff, and the hotel cat is very cute too. Our room wasn't massive but bigger than many hotels we've used. had a great stay here, wwould recommend.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea in the lovely Colonnade Hotel,"After my last visit to the colonnade hotel in December, I came again with my kids for an   afternoon tea ( and some ice cream for the kids:-) ) and it was just lovely, just as I   remember .  It was sunny weekend and we were sited outside, which was very nice.  The food itself was really nice, with lots of special cakes.  the Scone was just to good to be true!   The kids had fun and the waitress was very sweet.  the Hotel looks just amazing and we love the homely felling we got.  I will definitely come back again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay!,"I took my mother for a treat. We had the Amazon Local deal which included dinner and breakfast. This was excellent value. Our room was tucked away in the eaves, very comfortable , with a great selection of teabags! The beds are really comfy. There is everything you need, including slippers and bathrobes. Dinner was a little patchy, but okay. All the staff were very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Second time was even better,"I came again for a weekend stay over at the colonnade hotel. The room was clean and beautiful,the breakfast was as I remembered,full and delicious!  I like this hotel very much.  It feel like coming home  I will definitely come back again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",lovely little find,great position -quiet but very close to everything and just a few yards from tube. Hotel is a little dated in parts but has real character and the staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful. We liked it alot  --food was pretty good in the evening but breakfast was the highlight. Would certainly go back,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1125-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"The hotel is located right next to the tube and is easy to find.   It's decor is beautiful and has a lovely elevator, making it easy to get up to my room.  The staff were very professional and friendly.  I wish I had stayed more than one night here. I'll definitely return here in the future.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ms ,Absolutely  delicious just would  have  wanted  bigger  portions staff were very friendly hotel was clean apart from toilets  a bit smelly really enjoyed my afternoon tea and so did my companion fantastic  location ,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel!!! I will be coming again to visit,"Great Dinner We came group of four to have a dinner in the hotel restaurant. The food was delicious and the service was spot on by a very smile waitresses. I recommend this restaurant very highly. The hotel itself is supper classic, very elegant and traditional. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",4 Star more like 5 Star," We have been guests at the Colonnade for a while and its much more than a hotel to us.  The service is 5 star and the staff are amazing.  Rooms are large and comfortable.  Breakfast is always great, you really cant ask for more.  We have been recommending the Colonnade to all our family and friends for 10 years now and will continue to do so.   Thank you so much for making us feel at home yet again.  See you all soon when we visit again :) ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great for afternoon tea,"Very pleasant staff and service. Choice of where to be seated. Lovely food and was offered further sandwiches and cakes until we were full. There was no time limit on how long we stayed, we had a great pre holiday girlie afternoon tea experience. I would recommend and return. Well done to the staff members.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1130-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"I took my boyfriend for a weekend treat at the colonnade hotel and it was lovely.  From welcome in reception, the comfortable bed and soft linen to breakfast.  Great service from all staff and lovely Minie the cat. Definitely will come back",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice & Comfy but Nothing Special,"Stayed here overnight (Saturday night) and it is a pleasant stay but if I am honest, it is nothing special.   We were given a free upgrade from a Classic Double room (this is 12 sq mtr room with a bed size of 140x190) to a Deluxe Double room (a 20 sq mtr room with a 'Kingsize' 150x200 bed) but again, if I am totally honest, the bed itself (in our room - number 23) felt tiny!!! I am 5ft 8 and I could touch the bottom foot board with my feet (with my head touching the headboard!) - certainly did NOT feel like a 'Kingsize' bed!!  We had all the mod cons in the room (as listed on the company's website) including the mini bar, however, the prices of the drinks in the room mini bar - were extortionate (£15 for a bottle of red wine which was about half the size of a standard bottle)!!!…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay but needs a few improvements,"We recently spent 3 nights at 'The Colonnade' to celebrate my Birthday.  Good location, very close to Warwick Avenue tube station on the Bakerloo line very accessible for exploring London.  In easy walking distance to 'Little Venice' which was so nice to sit outside floating cafes and enjoy a coffee.  Great pub for food and drink just behind the hotel called 'Prince Alfred'.  Breakfast was good and staff attentive very impressed on the third morning mustard was brought by waitress without being requested having previously had on two previous mornings, enjoyed music in the mornings over breakfast.  As decorating was going on in evenings floor could have been protected from paint splashes.  All staff were polite and always wished us a nice day.   We were in Room 9 which was in the…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing and needs some work,This used to be one of our favourite hotels but we had not visited for a while. Although our room was at a good rate we had not taken the cheapest and felt the standard had dropped. A number of items needed attention and the toiletries were no longer Moulton Brown. The staff were very pleasant but had no knowledge of the nearby restaurants. The porter helped us with our baggage and as there were no spaces left in the car park advised us where to go. In the morning the breakfast was no longer buffet style and the fruit was not good in terms of choice or quality. We hope there are plans to restore this hotel to formal glories.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly, comfortable boutique hotel","We enjoyed two nights at this hotel just off Little Venice, close to Warwick Road tube station.  The staff were very friendly and helpful.  We were upgraded on arrival and our room was well appointed and comfortable, with a four poster bed.  A comfortable lounge area merges with reception and can be a bit busy.  Breakfast was good but a long time coming.  We also had to wait a while for a table to become free.  Good value for money for a hotel of this quality in this area.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1135-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful wedding weekend,"A large number of my family and I stayed at the the Colonnade over the weekend of my wedding. The staff couldn't have been more helpful! I had been in touch with the reservations team during the preceding months regarding rooms for our wedding guests and they were always so polite and accommodating.  When, finally, the day before my wedding arrived, we were all shown to our unique and lovely rooms by the team at the Colonnade. The rooms are varied in size and decor, but on the whole were fantastic. I stayed in the Freud suite, which was beautiful and had plenty of room for me to get ready with my bridesmaids. The four poster bed and stunning bathroom made the room particularly special.  I was aware car parking was limited, so we had booked the two car park spaces at the hotel.…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",WOW,"i took my two sisters for afternoon tea ,,, what a fantastic experience the staff was so helpful,friendly and polite ... we had a great time hear,, thank you staff for making this a wonderful afternoon  ..",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon tea,"Had a great afternoon tea today ( we had the version without the champagne) at a good price. Quiet and calm location, lovely staff. Cakes and sandwiches were very fresh and delicious - would recommend.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden gem in London,"We had a great two-night stay at The Colonnade in February 2015.  Told we were upgraded, and were given a room on the 3rd floor, with a view toward the front of the hotel.  Quiet and comfortable room.  As other reviews have noted, the tube stop is just steps from the hotel, and on a line that gets you to all of the major stops in London very quickly.  It wasn't until the second day, though, that we noticed the little street behind the hotel with a deli, breakfast spot, and a very cool pub--The Prince Alfred. Up the road are other small restaurants and stores, too.  The hotel is in a beautiful neighborhood, and it really is a hidden gem in London.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"A friend and I attended for afternoon tea and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. There were only a few other customers, which we much preferred to somewhere noisy and busy. The atmosphere was relaxed and welcoming. The champagne, tea, sandwiches were all lovely - and the cakes were to die for, particularly the delicious scones. A pet hate of mine is when two people go for afternoon tea and are given one of every cake, but here there were two - one each. Such a small detail, but so important. The best part of the experience, by far, was our hostess, Michela - she was absolutely delightful! All in all I have no hesitation in recommending afternoon tea at The Colonnade - we will definitely be returning.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1140-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Second visit even more charming than the first!,"My husband and I stayed at The Colonnade for one night at the end of January to celebrate his birthday, having previously stayed there in August 2013. We decided to stay again as we thought the hotel was very charming, great value for money, and we liked the location in Maida Vale.  Check in: Maggie checked us in and was very pleasant, friendly, and efficient. I had emailed prior to our arrival to check if breakfast was included as it wasn't very clear, and she clarified that unfortunately it wasn't. However, while checking us in she informed us that she had included the breakfast as a treat (as it was my husband's birthday), which was a really lovely surprise. We were then told we had also been upgraded from a Club room to a Junior Suite, which was even better!  Room: The room…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Some of the rooms are really small,"It was a 4 night stay, on a business trip, decided to stay looking at the rave reviews on tripadvisor. Its a heritage property well kept. The staff is also very helpful. Clean room and bathroom, free internet speed also good.  The reason I am giving a 2/5 rating is that, the room allocated to me was not more than 8 ft X 9 ft, when it was felt its really small, I was ""upgraded"" to a better room, which is 1 floor below the ground floor.  The upgraded room size was good, it also had a window, which gave some daylight.  It did not suit me at all, as the London Tube (metro) goes exactly below it and the room gets a fair share of the noise of the track. I am really sensitive to noise. Since I had paid the complete stay in full, no refund possible, somehow stayed in that hotel as the…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very beautiful hotel,"I came to london for a business trip from Hungary for a few days. I found the colonnade hotel on the website and it was my lucky day. Lovely hotel, very clean room and excellent breakfast. I had a deluxe room which is large compare to london hotels. The top of my stay is the service from the reception to breakfast staff. Will be back soon.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent!,"We stayed here for a weekend break as it was my partners birthday. When we arrived we were told that we had been upgraded free of charge and when they found out that it was my partners birthday they sent strawberries and wine to our room.  The room was lovely,  well maintained  and had everything we needed. The staff were delightful and more than happy to help us. My only suggestion to make is to have some veggie sausages in the freezer, so vegetians can have an English breakfast too. I recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tea with friends,"I arrived with my friends for a tea. The area where the hotel is located is so pleasant. The service was excellent, the hostess were very nice, friendly and helpful and the food was really delicous! We had a good time there! Thank you so much!",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1145-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value for Money,"What a find, this is now my hotel of choice in London. I arrived several hours early and the hotel happily stored my luggage for me until my room was ready. The room itself was very comfortable;  lovely quality bedding and plenty of pillows, dressing gown and slippers, toiletries in the bathroom, good selection of tea and coffee plus complimentary large bottle of water, free unlimited wifi and a good desk with comfy chair (a must as I was on a part business part lesiure break). The staff couldn't have been more helpful and I loved the apples and homemade little cakes on the front desk. The hotel is in a beautiful, residential area so little pedestrian/ traffic noise at night, it's within 1 - 5 min walk of cafes, restaurants etc and then the real plus is the hotel is located 1 -…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Detail detail detail!,"On finding out I was unable to park at the hotel a few days before my overnight stay on a Friday, I contacted the hotel who said 'There is an NCP car park in Lanark road, just 10 min away from the hotel.'  Great I thought, £25 for an overnight stay and paid until 12:30PM via Ringo. What the hotel FAILED to tell me is that the car park is closed at the weekend. So I had to pay £75.00 to have my car released. Whilst of course I should have checked, you rely on accurate information provided by the hotel. It is simply not good enough.  The room on the lower ground was somewhat shoddy. The toilet wouldn't flush and after attending a wonderful wedding late into the night we was all awoken twice by fire alarms going off at 7:30 in the morning and no apology.  The bed was lumpy and…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Another charming and delightful stay,"If you like queuing for an indifferent  buffet breakfast and making your own toast and drinks from a machine then don't go there.  However if you like crisp white tablecloths, charming waitress service, freshly cooked to order and delicious breakfasts then this hotel is for you!  Combine this with old fashioned good service and a charming ambiance.  The rooms are quirky and individual,  with lashings of hot water, good quality toiletries, large fluffy towels, towelling dressing gowns and slippers which allow you to travel light.   This well proportioned building used  to be an elegant family home,  a boarding school and then a Women's Hospital,  (Alan Turing was born there).  It now has the feel of an elegant family home again with individual  freehand painted flowers on the…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,Only stayed for one night but had a suite room which was fabulous.  Traditionally decorated hotel so not for modernists.  Excellent breakfast.  Had dinner included as part of package and this was disappointing.  If you paid the price of what was on the menu you would be quite upset.  No wonder we were the only people in the restaurant! Great location.  RIght by the underground but so quiet in the surrounding area.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming hotel in leafy Little Venice,"Excellent location in leafy Little Venice away from the hubbub of the metropolis, but within easy access of the city. Great service by staff, clean room and facilities, quiet. what more could you ask for?",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1150-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tea for two,"My friend and I arrived for tea at the hotel with great anticipation. On arrival we were warmly greeted and seated down. The hostess was very pleasant and charming.  We were the only ones at that time of the day in the restaurant  and this suited us as we had a lot of catching up to do!!.  As my friend did not drink alcohol and I had incorrectly  assumed that we could substitute the champagne for a mocktail, she ended up having a standard apple drink from a very limited choice of juices. However, I was offered the second champagne glass for myself should I want it. That was not necessary as I actually did not get through the first glass. Either my taste buds were not up to scratch on the day or the champagne was not of good quality,  I don't know which. I meant to ask which…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea is lovely!,"I got a voucher from ncrowd for afternoon tea for two at the Colonnade hotel (great price at £17!) and wasn't expecting anything out of the ordinary for that price, and wouldn't usually leave a review about something like that.. However, the tea was absolutely lovely (great selection of sandwiches, cakes, scones etc) the staff were really friendly and helpful, and little atrium with a glass roof that we were sat in was wonderful. It was a really lovely experience in a great location (just 20mins from Paddington) and because I was so pleased I think the hotel and staff deserve a 'well done' and 'thank you'!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderfully comfortable and relaxing,The classic double was very comfortable and the size suited us fine. The staff were very welcoming. It's a very reasonable hotel in a great neighbourhood in London. It was very peaceful and relaxing - just what we needed. Lots of great restaurants nearby.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly welcome and excellent service!,"This hotel is in a beautiful part of London with lovely walks to Little Venice. The welcome is friendly, the rooms are very comfortable with all amenities and the staff are excellent. Breakfast and afternoon tea delicious. Cannot fault this hotel, will always stay there when in London.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a fabulous place :),"Tucked away in a beautiful, and perhaps underrated area of London; the Colonnade in Little Venice is a treasure.   Friends and I stayed there recently on our trip to London and we were thrilled with the service. The hotel had been recommended to us so our expectations were high - and they were exceeded! The staff were delightful, the room was luxurious and the breakfast was delicious.   Everything ran effortlessly well and I highly recommend the Colonade to anyone who wishes to visit London, and I look forward to visiting again.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1155-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely Hotel, Great Location.","Me and my Wife have stayed in this hotel during our last 4 or 5 visits to London. It's a lovely, friendly, good quality hotel. (Complete with a cute hotel cat called 'Mini').  The location is also excellent. Right next to Warwick Avenue Tube Station, and literally next door to one of the nicest pubs in London (The Prince Alfred) and one of the nicest Italian Restaurants in London (The Red Pepper).  Highly recommended!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great London location!,"My daughter and I recently stayed at the Colonnade Hotel for 3 nights.  We loved the location - only a short block away from the Warwick Ave. tube station.  The hotel is lovely and the staff was very pleasant and helpful in arranging an airport transfer.  The breakfast included was very nice.  My only reason for not giving it a higher rating is that although I wrote a couple of weeks ahead and explained this was a special occasion and we'd love a nice room, the room we were given was tiny - really only suited for one person.  There wasn't room to walk around suitcases and the bathroom couldn't have been smaller.  The room amenities were nice and we enjoyed having tea in our room.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,"We had a Sunday matinee booked in the West End, and got an overnight Saturday stay with a dinner, bed and breakfast as an Amazon Local deal.  Called the hotel on Friday to see whether we needed to book a time for dinner; the conversation was a bit garbled and confused.  The hotel is very close to Warwick Ave tub station, and easy to find. This makes it incredibly convenient for Marylebone and Piccadilly (coming from the Midlands, we come into Marylebone), and the Bakerloo tube line takes you to useful parts of central London.  Reception was friendly and efficient, in a characterful reception lounge -- past the blue plaque for Alan Turing's birthplace, and the suit of armour! We were in room 1, in the basement. Plenty of space, lovely big bed with luxurious bedding, a decent…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Perfect Stay,"I have just had yet another perfect stay at the Colonnade Hotel.  This hotel never fails to impress me with its friendly and helpful staff, luxuriously comfortable rooms and convenient location.  In fact, I enjoyed my stay so much, I am going to return for another stay in about a week and a half.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A cracking, indivdiual hotel","We only stayed for one night on a theatre centred weekend in London, but found our stay and experience at the Colonndale delightful. We received an immediate upgrade on arrival - always a good thing! The room itself was very comfortable; staff were very attentive and welcoming, whilst the hotel itself is full of character, possessing far more aura than the generic options we considered. The only suggestion I made about a greater range in the vegetarian breakfast seemed to be well heeded, which shows that whilst the hotel clearly sets itself high standards, they are guest focused and always ready to listen in striving to improve.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1160-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasure to stay here,"This is my second stay at The Colonnade and will not be my last!  The staff are absolutely fantastic and so helpful and polite.  The room I stayed in was really very lovely, beautifully furnished and spacious, with all the home comforts you would expect in a 4* boutique style hotel.  And that is what sets The Colonnade apart - you immediately feel very much at home, in an intimate hotel environment which is a world away from the mega-hotels of the big chains.  Breakfast was delicious and served with the customary courtesy of all the hotel staff.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Home from Home - charming and quintessentially English,"Quirky in a truly English way, this charming hotel is full of history being both the birth place of Alan Turing and visited by Sigmund Freud.  The feel and atmosphere is unique, quaint.  The service is charming and the room we stayed in was very comfortable and cosy.  Small extras in the room showed someone cares.  The reading material at reception shows intelligence - I can't think of many reception coffee tables with political and historical books.  The hotel also comes with a resident cat, a wonderful large antique lift originally built for the carriage of stretchers, and a delightful wonky staircase.   The staff were helpful and wanting to please.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A truly great exprience,"This is one of the most delightful hotels we have ever stayed in, nice feeling and very comfortable . The room are extremely nice and  well maintained. It was absolutely clean. The staff are friendly but professional and greet with a smile. Excellent service..We recommend this hotel to everyone we know and no-one has yet been disappointed. Its just brilliant.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel for Family,"My wife found this hotel by chance and I'm so glad she did. My son (12), wife, and I stayed christmas through the new year and had a wonderful experience. Staff on all levels and in all areas from front desk to restaurant to service were helpful and friendly. I can't stress how important this is to a good stay - excellent customer service.The rooms were warm, good size for the three of us, clean, and well kept. We all loved the quiet neighborhood and the location right next to the underground station - short hop to downtown London. Wi-fi everywhere is a nice plus and the full English Breakfast was excellent! We will be back again.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great business hotel. Loved their afternoon tea,"Fantastic little hotel in a great location. Use now every time when I travel on business to London. Just near Paddington and a stone through from central London with tube station just outside the hotel. Rooms are great, wi-fi everywhere, breakfast is much higher quality than the usual. Also very good place to meet. I had a few lady clients to entertain and Shahar, the hotel manager, suggested afternoon tea. They absolutely loved it. Highly recommended",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1165-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",'Just a perfect hotel',"Brilliant stay At this hotel,the location,very close to the tube,the welcome and hospitality,a really good breakfast menu and the room was beautiful and to a high standard,if there were 6 stars this hotel would tick all the boxes.the staff are second to none!  If you are fond of walking the canalside is very close to the hotel and offers pleasant walking,with.local restaurants within walking distance.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Another wonderful stay!,"We stayed at the Colonnade for just one night on the 11th December - our third stay there, and we are firmly resolved never to stay anywhere else in London if we can help it! Because it was just the one night, we booked a classic double, but somehow got upgraded to the most amazing room ever. Our second four-poster bed, even lovelier than the first one in September, and yes, yet again I had to use the low couch at the end of the bed to have any chance of making it into bed......but it was such a comfortable bed, and gave my partner endless amounts of amusement..... We decided to have breakfast in bed, as we weren't in a hurry the next morning, and there wasn't any extra charge for this. It felt wonderfully decadent, lolling about in bed and eating a fabulous breakfast.......But…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel,"Staff very friendly and helpful. Room beautiful, bright and clean. We had dinner and breakfast, which were both good quality. Hotel is centrally located, easy walk from Warwick Station on the Bakerloo line. I will definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent london house type hotel.,"This hotel is basically two big houses converted into one hotel. A little higgledy piggledy with a few winding creaky staircases towards the top of the building and an antiquated lift. Nevertheless a lovely ,pleasant hotel giving a luxury feel. Indeed the beds are superbly comfortable, the towels and bathrobes superb quality. Thick curtains, insulated rooms and good customer care from all staff. The cooked breakfast was superb, lovely dry cured bacon, arrived hot even though the staff were under immense pressure as it was New Years Day morning and they were at full capacity.  A very enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location!,We stay as a group of friends with kids during Christmas and it was very good experience.  The bedrooms are clean and beds very comfortable.  The food was so delicious.  We had breakfast every day and had Christmas lunch that was spot on. We received very good service from all employees at the colonnade.  I will recommend the colonnade to my family and friends.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1170-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay!,"I stayed here from 12/22-12/27 and was met by excellent service from the moment I walked in the door. The room I had was bigger than many you will get in the main part of London. The hotel is located just a two minute walk from Warwick Avenue Tube station and that is part of the Bakerloo line. If you are on holiday, this couldn't be more convenient. Stops on the Bakerloo include Oxford Street (the main shopping street in the heart of London) and Picadilly Square (the Times Square of London). That means you have easy access to plenty of entertainment and dining options. The hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood and that, too, is unusual in London. It is in a neighborhood called Little Venice and it took me two days to figure out why. There are a series of canals nearby which…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","""Absolutely fantastic!!!""","I've been at The Colonnade Hotel, for the first time, at the beginning of december. I was so excited and, at the same time, a little bit anxious because it was a very special occasion and i really wanted everything perfect, above all because my fiancè's never been in London... I cannot say that it was perfect because it's been more than perfect! It was absolutely fantastic!!! Beautiful hotel!!So charming,clean and romantic!!!! The customer service,from the beginning till the end, was excellent beyond a shadow of doubt!!!! Maggie, I have to say, is the best!!!!! Thank you so much The Colonnade!!!Well done!!!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",inspiring event,. we stayed at the hotel as friends of the bride and the groom at December  2014 .the event was inspiring one from the moment we arrived untill we left the  hotel staff did everything to please us and in a professional way. We are looking forward to return.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,We stay at  the beginning of December as a wedding group. We received a wonderful welcome via the front office staff.  The rooms are so big and clean. The beds are so comfortable and the linen are so soft . breakfast was delicious and service was excellent.  All staff have help us during our stay. You can feel that the staff getting training for high standard of  service. We try the restaurant for dinner several times and it was very good food and service. A big thank you to all colonnade staff for making our wedding so special. ,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",4 star hotel should be 5 star,I have booked this lovely hotel because recommend by a friend and I have to say that the service is great and the room was fantastic. The location also very good and quite. Very good for shopping being Oxford Street only 10 min via tube. Very large room very clean delicious breakfast.  Service is so good should be 5 star. Love it and will come back.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1175-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect stay,I have been for a business trip at colonnade hotle. Very good location to the city and only one stop from paddington station. Breakfast was very good as well service. I was so impressed after my second visit im goonig to make the colonnade as my second home.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A mix of greatness with some issues,"Let's deal with the positives first: the hotel is fantastically located near less than a hundred yards to the Warwick Avenue tube stop, the hotel is daintily presented, the beds are supremely comfortable... and they have a cat!   But there were some faults. The fire alarm went off at full volume at around 7am twice during a three night stay. When checking in, we had to wait nearly 30 minutes - one girl on the front couldn't do it all and it seemed policy to have guests escorted to their rooms. If we'd have waited for that we'd have been there all day! Lastly, the rooms on the top floor seemed to struggle with water pressure/heat for the shower. Eventually it kicked in a little bit, but seemed to take a good while.    All in all it was fair, considering the good value (265 for 3…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas meal,I came with my family for Christmas meal. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. There was a real Christmas feel. The hotel is very homely and welcoming. Thank you for a lovely evening. Would recommend  this to my friends and will come back ,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, friendly staff","We had a fantastic three night stay here in December - we did the bidding trick on priceline and were delighted to get this hotel.  Very good deal with breakfast included.  Very close to tube (Bakerloo line), so 20-25 mins into central London.  Lovely room - not massive, but fine for London.  Very friendly staff, including Minnie the Guest Relations Manager (and cat).  Breakfast was delicious - full English, included in the room.  Good hot water (not always a guaranteed in London!).  Would definitely recommend for future trips to London.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great for business meeting,I had a meeting in the hotel with few of my partners.the location was very good. Parking was easy and for those who came with the train padding ton station was few minutes away. It was quit and the service was excellent. we stay there until lunch and had the food was delicious.would definitely come back to this hotel in the future.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1180-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic hotel,We stay in the colonnade last week for 3 night and our stay was fantastic.  The girl in the reception was very polit and helpful.  The room was quit and.comfortable. We in particularl loved the location:-)  so quite yet central. We will recomand this hotel for a break,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade London,"I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The room was in very high standards. Highly recommended! Located in central London with quick access to the city. Rooms are classy and gives a warm and relaxing atmosphere. Staff were welcoming and friendly, and it seems they put an effort to make you feel at home in the middle of one of the most vibrant cities in the world. Breakfast is very very rich and they have great afternoon teas. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel highly recommended,"Lovely hotel and very well located in a beautiful part in London. Will defiantly recommend to anyone who wants something fun but a bit different from usual touristic places. Location is brilliant, close to the centre and the tube is near by. We were very pleased with the friendly and helpful team, they go above and beyond for us and the price is very reasonable as well. Rooms are huge and luxurious. We especially loved the breakfast that was full of variety and very delicious. Also all the facilities were very clean and elegant. I came with a friend and we both have stayed in a lot of hotels in London and would have to say that this is our favourite and will definitely be booking for our next stay in London.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful experience,"Atalia- came with my boyfriend for a suprise afternoon tea.  It was wonderful experience the food was fresh and delicious.  The service was on top of everything.  They offer more tea, sandwiches and cake without charging extra for it. I will recommend the colonnade to all my family and friends. I will be back soon ( I hope next month).",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect exper,I came to visit in  London for the first time.  I got recommend the colonnade from my friends that had such a great time there.   It was such an  amazing experience very nice hotel large and comfortable bed. Breakfast was so good I didn't want to leave the restaurant. Service was so personal.  I feel I have a second home in London now. Thank you to all colonnade staff.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1185-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",from very good to excellent !,Great choise in a very good location in London.everything working very proffesional with polite and helpful staff anytime you need something.Very nice rooms with a classy atmospere and nice breakfast. deffinately a good choice...you will love it !,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet London Comfort,"We recently spent a weekend at the Colonnade which had been booked as a ""mystery hotel"" through a well known website. The Club Double that we were given was very comfortable and provided a good base for our London weekend. The staff were friendly and welcoming. We didn't try the restaurant because of other plans. If you are travelling there by underground, do be aware that Warwick Avenue is in Zone 2.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade a dream that comes true.......,"I and my daughter stayed at The Colonnade on November, from 19 to 23. This fabulous hotel has always been my choice since 2003 and I have never been disappointed. The hotel has been recently refurbished and everything appears more confortable. We stayed in the room 17, The Freud Suite, and it is a WOW room! The room is on two level with the bed, a wonderful one, located upstairs. Downstairs there are a large sofa, two armchairs, small tables, frigo bar and a large choice of teas.  Again there is a wide screen television. The bathroom is simply fantastic, other than the toilet and two large sinks, you can find a very large, almost a swimming pool, bath, a shower, and there is also a bidet, this last one was very appreciated.  The Victorian taste of this hotel is well shown and…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Christmas party!!,"We booked a Christmas party for 20 people for our staff party. None of us were disappointed at all, service was brilliant friendly and prompt. Food was delicious....Staff are a credit to this restaurant and we all had a great time. Differently will come back!!!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful afternoon tea,"We had a lovely Christmas afternoon tea at the Colonnade - delicious cakes and sandwiches, mulled wine, champagne and of course tea! They do afternoon teas all year round and I'd thoroughly recommend it!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1190-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"I stayed at this hotel in November 2014 and had a very comfortable 3 night stay.  The room was cosy, the tea and coffee facilities were great, such a wide choice of teas and the tea for one pots were a lovely idea.  The only drawback to our stay was that we were on the 4th floor when the lift only goes to the 3rd floor, so inconvenient with large suitcases.    The location was great as my son lived nearby and the tube station was so close and Bakerloo line direct to Oxford Circus which was brilliant for shopping!  The breakfast was very good and the service was excellent.  All the staff were very friendly and most welcoming, a great stay.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Love this Hotel,"I invited a friend who came to visit me to this hotel. we stay 2 night on the weekend and it was just super! The deluxe room that we received was immaculate, the bed was very comfy and the towel robs were just a nice surprise. We had Breakfast including in the price and it was well worth it! What a great patisseries and the fact that you are being served for breakfast made it even more special. we use the underground and got to Oxford Circus within 10 minutes.  Great experience and i would definitely recommend!  thank you for a lovely time!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect London base,"After a lovely stay at The Colonnade last week, I can't recommend this hotel enough.  We stayed in the JFK suite which was stunning, with plenty of space (including a mezzanine area with sofa) and a seriously comfortable four-poster bed.   The breakfast - which we chose to have in the room at no extra cost - was great and the wifi connection was reliable.  The thing that really sets this hotel apart though is the staff. Everyone we dealt with - from the concierge to the staff on reception and in the restaurant - was friendly, helpful and professional.   Even Minnie the resident cat gave us a warm welcome!!  This hotel will be hard to beat for value and location and we will choose it every time we stay in London.  Don't hesitate to book!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing hotel,What a fantastic experience. I  took my girlfriend  there for a weekend and it was amazing. The breakfast was tasty and the service was very good. The customer service was amazing. The room was nicely decorated with many original fitures.  Many thanks for a truly wonderful experience.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderfully relaxed and elegant,"The Afternoon tea was great experience - Food, service and ambience. Warm plain and fruit scones and beautiful pastries, tasty finger sandwiches,  all served with a tasty choice of teas. Compared to tea at other London hotels this was very good value for money in beautiful surroundings. Lovely experience",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1195-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Almost Perfect!,"Stayed at the hotel the last weekend in November in the four poster suite and it was amazing! Arrived at mid day and check in was not till 2pm so went for a walk around London telling the Hotel we would be back at 5. I had booked the romance package and the hotel staff were very discreet in letting me know this would be set up upon our return. When we returned w were shown to our room and had petals on the bed, champagne on ice, chocolate dipped strawberries and a vase of roses ready on our arrival. My girlfriend was very happy and the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The bed was extremely comfy and very romantic. Room was equipped with everything we needed. Only bad point was that our breakfast card we had hung on the door the night before had not been collected the…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel!!,"A large party was attending my daughters wedding including my disabled mother of 84 the hotel and staff sorted everything out for her including preparing the room with her disabled aids so when she arrived she was all sorted. They could not do enough for us and made our stay really comfortable and stress free... Rooms beautiful , hotel clean and breakfast lovely... Cannot praise this hotel enough....",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worth seeking out,"The hotel probably has the most friendly cat I have ever seen!   This is a a very different hotel from the London norm and well place a short walk from Paddington and an even shorter walk from the nearest tube.   We stayed for two nights around a theatre trip and the service was excellent.   The hotel has an interesting history, it is comfortable and well appointed.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely Hotel, Lovely Area",Stayed just one night at this very attractive historic boutique hotel.  It is not absolutely central but in the quiet and affluent Madia Vale area near little Venice and only a few tube stops from the centre.  A lovely area to stroll around and explore.  The room was not huge but very well laid out and we got a good price on booking.com.  Service was very professional and friendly and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.    The hotel cat was very imperial. WE would definitely go back.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Classy Hotel in Little Venice,"We stayed 2 nights and were impressed with quick check-in. Theresa was very helpful and we were given a great room with a four post bed, balcony on the fourth floor. The hotel has a great history and the staff are very proud of it. Little touches like complementary apples, cakes and sparkling water are unusual but welcoming. We had a lovely evening meal in the restaurant and the stuffed chicken with feta and spinach was superb. Daniella assisted me with some printing issues for my work and was very helpful. A thoroughly enjoyable stay highly recommend.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1200-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A night in the Colonnade,I recently (Nov 14) spent a night at the Colonnade as it was conveniently placed for me to attend a business meeting the following day.  It's a pleasant hotel with a wealth of history (amongst other things it was a Maternity Hospital in the early to mid 20th Century) and according to the staff the hotel boasts one of the oldest lifts in London.  The rooms although pleasantly furnished are a little bit on the small size but the bed was comfy. The room was very warm and the bedroom windo wouldn't open so we had to keep the aircon running all night.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful.  I'm sorry to say we didn't get to sample breakfast due to the start time of our first meeting.  One issue we did face was that of parking. I believe the hotel had a single parking space but…,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good,"I stayed in room 10. The decor was impressive. Sadly, the mattress was not as sleep inducing as I would have expected. The breakfast was very good and of high quality. Staff were very helpful and pleasant . The room stir toon of tea was very impressive. Recommended.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Still a gem,I wrote a review of this hotel a couple of years ago. I noted then that some renovations were in progress. I can now assure you that this is by far the best hotel within its price range that I have found in London over the thirty years or more that I have been travelling up from Cornwall and needing an overnight stop. I wish I had found it a long time ago.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny Room, Quaint Hotel, Great Location.","We stayed here for two evenings and arrived relatively early from Heathrow at around 12:30PM after getting freshened up before hand in the arrivals lounge. We took the tube from Heathrow to Warwick Avenue and the hotel was literally just steps away, very convenient. We booked the hotel on Hotwire so we were given a small room with a double bed, cramped but probably par for the course in central London. Obviously given how close it was to the Underground it was very easy and convenient for us to get around all over the city. Service was just meh, WiFi was decently reliable. There was not a full bathtub, just a smallish shower, but functional. Breakfast was included (continental fare) and service was quick and prompt each morning. Having nothing really to compare it to, we felt…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury At A Bargain Price,"We stayed overnight in a Junior Suite, at a very good price. The room was massive and very grand, and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The room and bathroom looked very luxurious at first glance, but was a bit shabby when we looked closer - this didn't bother me but might bother some people, it was certainly all clean. My big problem was that I could do with a step or stool to help me get into bed as it was so high up, and it was hard to find a spare power point to charge devices over night. I'd still be happy to go back for another visit.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1205-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient for Warwick Ave Tube,"We stayed with a wedding party as it was near the wedding venue. Very convenient for Warwick Ave tube station. It's a very dated hotel  ( think Downton Abbey London Townhouse ) but our room ( 6 ) was a good size, very comfortable bed and pillows, large bathroom and all the usual facility's. The downside was that a side window in the bedroom is near the kitchen vent and the room smelt of cooking oil. Breakfast was freshly cooked and tasty but the dining area was not at all welcoming ( needs an upgrade ) so you didn't want to linger over breakfast.  It was an ok hotel for a weekend.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Single travellers beware of the ""Small Single"".","My wife and daughter stayed in the Colonnade and loved it, so when I was travelling on my own for work I decided to give it a try. 120 quid for a single room sounded right - you can't get much in inner London for that price. I read online that the room is a ""small single"", and that it is 9sqm, so I was relatively prepared for a small room, but........  Room 38 is not small, it is microscopic. The room is roughly the size of 1 double bed, furnished with 1 small single bed and a tiny coffee table the size of a record album. There is so little space that the room's telephone and kettle are in the closet. The closet itself isn't big enough for any draws or to place the suitcase, it was only just big enough to hang my coat. My suitcase took up most of the floor in an upright…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Experience,"Great location with tube just a minute away, hotel is beautiful and full of character, the staff very friendly.  Our room was on the top floor, the room itself was grand and spacious but the bathroom needed an update, but didn't worry us.  The breakfast was very good, and in the evening we had a lovely meal in the pub around the corner, sorry can't remember the name but worth a visit.  We would recommend this hotel and would visit again.  Thank you to all the staff.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","More like 4.5 stars, really","The hotel is a real one-off.  It's a real refreshing change from the massive faceless corporate hotels.  The staff were very friendly and helpful from the outset.  The only reason it's not a full 5-star review is that some updating to the decor is now overdue.  It doesn't appear to be mentioned anywhere before booking, but the hotel is where Alan Turing was born, which very much appealed to me.  The room was comfortable and on the ground floor.  Sound-proofing was ok, but as the room was above the kitchen, the smell of sausages and bacon woke me up in the morning.  Breakfast was cooked to order and tasty.  Water pressure and temperature of the shower was definitely above average.  It astonishes me that in this day and age most hotels can't get a decent shower together.  The…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Repeated very good experience,We find very effective team.  The room on the 2nd floor was very special.  The towel was very luxurious and cosy.  The dining staff was very professionals.Wide menu wellcooked.  Well surely be back to this hotel.,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1210-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not a four star hotel,"The staff was inexperienced and sometimes rude, also, hard to understand. The rooms were small but adequate. We had a top floor room and had to climb one story of stairs, the elevator only went to floor three. The room could have been cleaner, dust under the beds and on surfaces. We felt it was a lot overpriced for what we got. The room was very hot.  On the plus side, there is a restaurant with an okay menu, little bit pricey.  There are pubs and convenience stores close, underground station close, and the ability to get a cab to go see attractions.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"We visited the Colonade   hotel  for afternoon tea using a travel zoo voucher in October 2014.  Good location only x2 minutes from Warwick Avenue tube station . Nice meet n greet , and comfortable seating. Staff were friendly and very efficient. The actual tea did not look substantial on presentation but was very tasty and  actually quite filling. The offer of an extra scone and cream was a nice touch. Overall a nice experience and worth a visit.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel with real charm,"We just stayed a night in Room 1, a small basement room. The room was well appointed, clean and comfortable. Bathroom could do with updating but please don't modernise too much and lose the old fashioned charm! We also found the bathroom very hot due to the heated towel rail. Great shower and products. The lounge by the main entrance is beautiful and we enjoyed a pot of tea here before going out for the evening. Excellent service from all staff and a good breakfast, although the bar area looks cheap compared to the sumptuous styling of the rest of the hotel; we think they should consider turning the back part back into a more grand dining area and lounge, similar to the one upstairs. Would definitely stay again and this time I would pay more for a nicer room.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade excellence,"This unique and boutique west London hotel is in the Little Venice area, so close enough to the west end but also a charming and often undiscovered area of London in itself. There are good restaurants and bars close by, and if satire is your thing then check out the canal comedy club weekly revue show. The décor of the hotel lobby and rooms themselves is eye catching, and the breakfast was excellent. We are Londoners ourselves and wanted a luxurious night away without having to travel far, and it ticked all our boxes and delivered. We were lucky to be able to stay in the Freud suite, a split level room with mezzanine and would certainly recommend the hotel if you want to stay somewhere a world away from the identikit chain hotels or large and impersonal high end hotels.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous hotel in a gorgeous location,"I stayed here last night and was very impressed. The location is ideal; a home away from home. If you're looking for a quiet retreat from busy London then Maida Vale is perfect. The tube is on your doorstep taking you straight into central London in no time at all. The services was excellent, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The scrumptious breakfast finished off a perfect stay! :)",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1215-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I would go out of my way to stay there again.,"I stayed recently at The Colonnade for one night. The rooms were comfortable, the staff were competent, friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was excellent (the poached eggs were perfect). I would definitely stay there again, and even go out of my way to do so.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","nice, cozy, lovely","The hotel is good location and with very friendly and cooperative staff . With pleasure go to concessions. Definitely recommend to stay. Nice, clean and very cozy rooms! Would love to stay here for a couple of days when visiting London again.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Superb hotel!,"Just back from three days here....cannot praise this hotel enough. A warm welcome, charming service throughout, spotless rooms thoroughly cleaned each day, lots of 'extras,' excellent location and a delicious breakfast! It is superbly, ( and very grandly, ) decorated, yet feels totally comfortable, homely and welcoming. We will definitely return! ( The cat is very welcoming too! )",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Delightful,"A great Sunday night experience, lovely room, perhaps faded grandeur is apt, but we didn't mind, the staff are polite and attentive, the room was bigger than anticipated and the bed comfortable. The lift is an experience as others have noted and building beautiful. We would have liked to spend longer.  Hopefully will be back one day.    Couple of minutes walk to the tube station (Warwick Avenue) and about 10 minutes walk along the canal from Paddington.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, Clean and well located with an Interesting History","My husband had to be in London immediately, I found this hotel available and it looked like something he'd feel comfortable in, a good location (100yards from the Underground) a quiet position, lucky for him he was given a lovely room, I was worried about this, he normally stays in 5star hotels and can be quite picky, he told me more than once he'd stay here again, his colleague was given a small single room and was a little disappointed but as he was only spending 4nights then it wasn't a big deal, my husband had to extend another 7nights and the staff were very accommodating and made sure he was able to stay in the same room, this is a friendly hotel, staff were great, and my husband liked the book in his room giving the history of the hotel, the lift alone was 100 years old,…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1220-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This was our first time in London and was pleasantly surprised how close public transport was to the hotel. We were made very welcome, the bed was comfy and the the room lovely and warm. The room and bathroom were spotless. The lift was a funny old one with the metal grill doors..gave a thud when the required floor was reached.There is a lovely cat in the foyer who likes a gentle pat, all of which gave the hotel a lovely feel to it.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Definately not a luxury hotel/experience,"We just spent two nights in early October in one of this hotel's deluxe Double rooms, described as ""one of the highest standard of rooms we have"". Within minutes, the bathroom door hook and toilet roll holder both fell onto the floor. And returning to room to shower and rest at 3.30pm the next day, we had to wait 45 minutes for our room to be cleaned and our towels replaced. The staff were generally attentive, but the desk staff ineffective. We requested a reduction in price but the general manager did not even bother to respond. This was not worth the money",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous and luxurious stay,We have stayed at the Colonnade on a number of occasions for short breaks. We are always well looked after. The rooms are luxurious and very comfortable. Breakfast is filling with a wide choice. Staff are always helpful and friendly and happy to advise on local restaurants. The hotel is well located and the sights of Central London are a short journey away.  This hotel comes highly recommended. You will not be disappointed.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service,"We stayed 1 night before our daughter's wedding, and found the hotel absolutely lovely.  The service was excellent, and they even upgraded my daughter to the best suite in the hotel, as she was getting married!  They couldn't do enough for us, and we were able to relax and enjoy our stay in perfect surroundings.  The area is superb, too, very easy to get to and with restaurants & pubs nearby at Little Venice.  Thank you Daniella and team.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel in a quiet part of London. ,"Got a two night bargain through lastminute website. Comfortable double room, easy walk from Warwick Ave underground, bakerloo line easy to get to paddington and loads of other lines.   Didnt eat at the hotel...seemed a bit pricy even for London.  My only concern was the smell in the bathroom, definitely coming from the drainage and plumbing but window open smell gone quickly...old building old plumbing I imagine.  Would stay again.  ",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1225-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely Hote, Good Location, Great Staff, Minimal Parking","Stayed for one night, a lovely hotel but we had some issues but it turned out ok.  We booked a petite double through HotUSAhotels.co.uk and after reading reviews here we realised that others had experienced issues with their booking. We contacted them the night before to check and they did not have our booking. We emailed the confirmation and thankfully, they were able to honour it but i would advice double checking if you book through a third party, especially hotusahotels.co.uk  Because of the confusion, we were upgraded to a deluxe double which would have cost a lot more and more than we would have paid for one night, but the room (room 5) was excellent. Very sumptious and comfortable but with a couple of minor issues such as cobwebs and two of the wardrobes had handles that…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal,"The location may seem a bit far away, but in fact it's an easy tube ride from Warwick Avenue to central London. This part of London is discreet and un-rowdy. Little Venice is charming, with riverboat restaurants and romantic walks, beautiful houses.. the whole area is well worth exploring if you have the time. The hotel si very comfortable. We stayed ina Petite Double room, and it was fine - we weren't going to spend long indoors anyway.. Nice bed and bathroom, great to have free sparkling water brought to the room every day. Friendly, pleasant staff. We'll be back!",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet & Quirky,"We stayed a few days at this hotel which is in a quiet, pleasant position within walking distance of Paddington Station & 'Little Venice'. Impressive frontage, this hotel has lots of history and lovely public areas but with narrow corridors and a quirky lift which arrives with a glorious thud! The James Wright suite was comfortable but a little tatty in places with hot water pressure at dribble level . However the staff and Minnie were delightful and we would recommend especially if you want good access to town in a pleasant location.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",""" A delightful Stay""","My wife and I booked this hotel for a west end theatre break in August . I was concerned that the location of the Colonnade might have been a little isolated but are concerns were unfounded. Situated in a lovely quiet area of ""Little Venice"" its charm and comfort far surpassed some of the larger ""West End"" hotels we have stayed in on previous visits.It proved an excellent base to explore from. Warwick Avenue tube station is only minutes by foot and Paddington Station is only 10 minutes away.We are great walkers anyway and if like my wife you have a dread of the underground then the number 6 bus which you can pick up just across the tree lined road will take you down the Edgware Road to Oxford Street, Regent Street and Piccadilly Circus. Its a 24 hour service and is a great way…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Situated in picturesque Little Venice, it is a one minute walk to the Warwick Ave tube stop and frequent bus service. Several neighborhood pubs/cafes/restaurants provide plenty of choices out of the tourist crowds. The staff was always delightful, the room was very nice and comfortable, and the breakfast choices were terrific. We stayed 4 nights, and when we return to London this is where we will stay.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1230-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Stay,"Stayed for one night with a friend, check in was smooth, accompanied to our room by helpful staff. Our twin was spacious, beds were comfortable, room was very quiet so a good nights sleep was had. Complimentary water and fruit in room. Breakfast offered plenty of choice, again served by helpful staff. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Paddington if you walk the canal route, or if you use the tube to Warwick Avenue, its two minutes walk at most. This hotel offers a very quiet location, with good access by tube or rail to other parts of London. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A delightful stay,"My stay of 10 days proved a delight.  I chose this hotel for its quiet, residential but convenient, accessible location and historic Victorian character, booking a “Petite Double,” the least expensive category.  Small it was – both bedroom and bath – but certainly comfortable enough for one, anyway, and it did have a small desk, as I had requested, for using my laptop.  (B/t/w, the free Wi-Fi provided the fastest Internet connection of any kind I have ever experienced in a hotel anywhere.)  The lift was old and only went to the third floor while my room was on the fourth.  But the one flight of stairs was only a minor inconvenience, more than made up for by the charm of the hotel and the service and friendliness of its excellent staff.  For what I paid, I don’t think I could…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Everything from start to finish was excellent!  The staff really stood out, they were extremely helpful and welcoming!   The suite was fantastic, very spacious and well equipped! The four poster bed, was very comfortable!   The hotel is situated in a lovely area and still only a 10 minute walk along the canal from padding station!  Would recommend this hotel to anyone! We had a fantastic long weekend here, made even better by the lovely staff! Will definitely be returning ",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A home from home,"I've been staying here, on and off and under different management, for over 20 years and I must say it is distressing in the extreme if I have to stay anywhere else.  It is handy for work (I commute from Edinburgh for a couple of days at a stretch) and it's great to have a comfortable base near my office just off the Edgware Road.  The rooms are excellent - some smaller than others (some nearer the London Underground than others), and it's a pair of converted buildings so of course it wasn't designed as a hotel.  But the little anomalies and compromises that this inevitably results in are part of the hotel's charm.  Even the dreaded No 19 (the Cabin) described here by others was, for a while, my room of choice (until a slipped disc made clambering onto the aerial platform a…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Such a lovely hotel!,"We stayed at the Colonnade for three nights at the beginning of September: our second visit, after one night there last year. It was even better this time! Somehow we got upgraded, from the Club Double that we were expecting, to an amazing room at the front of the hotel, with a beautiful four-poster bed, and great seating area. I had to use the footstool at the end of the bed to get into it each night, which caused lots of merriment:-). The room was absolutely beautiful, and the temperature was great - good aircon. Bathroom was fantastic..... Lovely to see the cat again. We didn't have breakfast as we were doing lots of eating and drinking during the day, and that was the right decision! The staff are lovely, and we felt very pampered. The hotel is in a wonderful location -…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1235-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel in a really interesting area,"Booked the hotel for a night away with my sister via a 'deal' because it's in a location I love near Little Venice. We were not disappointed! Beautiful large room overlooking the front of the hotel (14), very quiet in a lovely leafy situation. Village atmosphere in the surrounding area but right near Warwick Avenue Tube and Little Venice. Hotel beautiful, staff very helpful and accommodating (we had our champagne afternoon tea at 11 in the morning, as it was the only time we could fit it in!) Would love to go back for longer, another deal would help!",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Our 2nd visit,"We love this hotel due to its location, history and the service. Staff are extremely helpful and the rooms are always clean and to a high standard. Easy access via the tube or bus and offers walks along the canal to Regents park, London Zoo and Camden.  Cafes, restaurants and pubs are also awesome in the surrounding streets. We will be back and recommend it",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic place to stay,We booked this hotel using a broker site and were not sure what to expect. The term 'boutique' can often be thrown around to explain away an outdated tired interior but not in this case.   The building has a real feel of luxury whilst also being small and unusual. Think suit of armour in the main foyer along with a resident cat.   Staff were very helpful though some elements of the check in could be a little quicker.   However the room we were given was fabulous. Beautiful four post bed with lovely linen. Lounge area and a variety of furnishings to make you comfortable. The bathroom offers a nice bath and shower and I even checked the towel make to see where I could find them they were that good.   The hotel is in a lovely quiet area of London and on a sunny day it's great to…,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"My daughter and I had a Travel Zoo voucher which gave us a 2 for 1 deal for £16. It proved to be excellent value as the Afternoon Tea was very enjoyable. The food was fresh, the service was very good and the hotel offered a pleasant setting (with the option of sitting in or out). The hotel is situated in a lovely area, and it is worth spending time exploring the area before or after your tea.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quaint boutique hotel with interesting history and great staff,"I stayed here on the night of 3rd August 2014.  The day porter showed us to our rooms and was very welcoming, he told us about the hotel and explained that the lift is one of the oldest working lifts in London.  My sister's room had a four poster bed, mine was similar with a double bed.  Both rooms were clean and comfortable.  The decor is lovely.  We came back late from a concert after checking in.  The night porter was really friendly and made our stay!  He told us some more about the history of the place.  I had breakfast in my room in the morning, the food was good. I would definitely return and I would definitely recommend this place.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1240-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",No consideration of guests safety,"I was travelling alone and turned up late and they put me in the 2 bedroom suite / apartment next door, which I thought was great! It wasn't until I realised that I was sharing the suite / apartment with a stranger who had no idea I was there initially..... with no locks on the bedroom doors!   How was I expected to sleep safely knowing the security of my personal belongings and more importantly myself could be at risk! The hotel showed no consideration for our safety and were very rude when I dared to suggest that this was not acceptable!  If you are travelling alone or care about the safety then I would avoid this hotel at all costs!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"this was a birthday treat for me and my daughter came along with me - WOW.  what a great experience - we were shown downstairs and asked if we would like to have it inside or out - we decided inside,  it was very quaint, great temperature and when our afternoon tea came out the staff were fantastic and advised us if we would like anything else to just ask.  Everywhere was clean, cutlery polished and food was lovely and well organised on the stand.  We again were asked if we required anything else and we just had a top up on the tea.  Would I go again????? YES,",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice,"very elegant old hotel in a very quiet and select area of London. We were given a room upgrade at no extra cost and this was very nice. Everything you could possibly need was in the room, from toiletries to slippers and robes, tea and coffee making facilities, mini bar, free water and turn down service which I do like as it gives your stay that special touch. All the staff were very pleasant and helpful. The cat is lovely. No outside noise heard from the room. My only complaints are that I did not find the bed very comfortable but this is probably down to personal choice. Also around 23.00hrs (maybe changeover of staff time) there was a lot of talking and this did keep us awake as our room was right next to reception and the staff office. Or room was room 8. The noise did not…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A secret hotel,"We stayed for 3 nights in order to visit some museums and dine out. Hotel very convenient for Warwick Avenue tube station. The staff were very friendly (and the resident pussy cat) and most efficient. Room was clean, quiet and even had a balcony! The hotel has a lot of history and boasts one of the oldest lifts in London. We enjoyed our stay and would  certainly visit again. Arriving early was no problem as luggage was safely stored (again on departure). An excellent base for sightseeing/touring the city.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed Review,"We were to stay at the Colonnade twice - at the beginning and end of our stay in England. The first day we were to stay there, we were told the was a problem with our room and that we were being sent to another, similar hotel. We were offered beverages while we waited for a cab, but we weren't told where the other hotel was or what it was called. Turned out, it was near Victoria Station (some distance away) - I had chosen The Colonnade due to it's proximity to Paddington (where we were travelling from). The cab to the new hotel was paid for and The Colonnade covered our breakfast at the new hotel, but we had to cover the £20 cab ride back to Paddington the next morning. The second stay was a week later, and we were upgraded to a suite (possibly as amends for the previous…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1245-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",JFK Suite and a cat,"What a stay! I'm shocked at some of the negative reviews on here. I have never stayed anywhere were the staff were as friendly and helpful during the stay. They allowed us to drop in our bags early so we could site see in comfort. These were tagged and taken to the room. On check-in the staff asked about our day and went through all the relevant information. The suite was absolutely gorgeous, it was also pristine! When we went out in the evening, the staff at the front desk ordered us a taxi with a quoted price (no be driven around everywhere on the tourist rate).   Wifi worked fine. TV with plenty of channels. Great tea/coffee selection in the room. Water was delivered with the turn down in the evening.  We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as we wanted to try a few places but…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Boutique retreat in Little Venice,"This boutique hotel of character near to the Regents Park canal in Little Venice is a perfect location for exploring 'hidden London' . The canal walk takes you past Regents Park and Camden Lock, all the way to the hip and happening quartet of King Cross. As a bonus it is only minutes away from Warwick Avenue metro station where you can be whisked to Central London within 20 minutes. The hotel oozes period charm yet the skylit basement breakfast room and bar are ultra modern and beautifully appointed. Staff are all friendly and helpful, and nothing is too much trouble. Home fro home in Central London!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea for a hen party,"We didn't stay in the hotel, just had afternoon tea for 16 people. I was very impressed with the service in the lead up to our booking and must thank Shahar for his attentiveness and answering my many questions!  The afternoon tea itself was very tasty, the service very good and we liked the fact we had our own private section of the restaurant to ourselves. Overall very happy :-)",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Got this through groupon, it was worth it as an offer but I wouldn't have wanted to pay full price. The afternoon tea was nice but the hotel looks like it needs updating especially the restaurant bit shabby.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!!!,"I stayed with my one year old son and my husband for two nights. The staff were so friendly that it actually felt like I was staying with friends. I entered the hotel with my baby after travelling by train and tube and losing my iphone. The staff were very helpful which helped me to relax instantly. They all got on with my son and so I did not feel like my son was a nuisance at all!! I just want to mention a fairly new member of staff who was absolutely lovely; Jean. My baby loved her. One member of staff, i didnt ask her name though, even helped me to pin a scarf to my back as I was getting ready to go to a wedding. Breakfast was delicious, although there is also a scrumptious cafe around the corner. A quiet, beautiful road in the middle of busy London.   Thank you Colonnade",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1250-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A delightful experience,"We stayed here on a holiday/working week. We were informed at check in that we had been upgraded, which was good as I suspect that 5 nights in a compact double may have been a little cramped. We found ourselves now in a very pleasant fourth floor room; the biggest drawback of which was that the lift (which is quirky!) only goes to the third floor. This is ok, though not ideal, on a daily basis, but on arrival and departure it's a bit of a pain. The bathroom was compact, but had all that was needed. There were, however, several cracked floor tiles, which didn't give a good impression, and some of the towels, which were fab and efficient, were a little frayed at the edges - again maybe not giving the best of impressions. I think too, that I would expect some slightly more upmarket…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Ok. But - this is not a 4 star hotel,"Spend two nights while on a business trip. The Hotel is small. No gym, no pool. limited extra amenities. The room is decent - but no sound proof wall - you can hear any conversation outside the room. No hangers in the closet. I asked 3 times from the front the desk. Still waiting for it... Bottom line - this is a 3 star hotel; not 4 starts. If that's what you expect - you'll be fine.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Happy Happy,"Only stayed one night at this hotel & chose it as my son lives nearby. I found booking direct with the hotel was the cheapest way (as opposed to going tho London hotels websites) and I also had breakfast included which was a great full English with all the trimmings ( costing £17.50 on menu). The welcome was good and friendly although the room wasn't ready till 2pm on the dot. I had booked the small double room for myself but was very pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to a studio which had the four poster bed and a very elegant sitting area.  Slippers, towelling robes, complimentary newspaper, bottled water, good toiletries, apples & biscuits all made for a happy stay. The location is right next to Warwick Avenue tube station taking you to Oxford St in 10 mins yet in a quiet…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Return visit,"My last visit to this hotel was in 2011.  The hotel had recently changed ownership, and director's of the new owner were in the hotel at times, and were extremely friendly and welcoming.  Often a return visit does not live up to expectations, but this was not the case.  Reception staff were efficient, helpful and friendly (and the beautiful cat was still around).  On arrival, I was escorted to my room, and was just delighted to find that the radio was on and tuned to a classic programme.  Its little touches like this which make the Colonnade special.  I had been travelling for 9 weeks,  and to arrive at the Colonnade felt like arriving at a very special place. There was fruit in the bowl on the desk, water and newspapers were provided.   My only issue was the fact that wifi was…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Superb experience,"We only booked for one night as we were going to a concert in Hyde Park, the Hotel was lovely and the staff were very attentive and friendly, we wished we had longer to enjoy the superb room and hospitality. The hotel was chosen due to its proximity to Hyde Park but we found Little Venice with its canal and narrow boats on the door step as is Lords cricket ground, there is so much within walking distance including an underground station for those places a bit too far to walk to. We are planning another visit to this Hotel as it is now our hotel of choice in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1255-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had afternoon tea here using a Time Out deal - the restaurant was nice and light and had it been warmer we might have ventured onto the terrace. The sandwiches and cakes were very nice and just the right amount, while the staff were friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Hotel,"We were very impressed with the Colonnade. Our reception was warm, our room handy to the entrance for our one night stay and the interior very charming. Loved the hand painted frescoes. Location to Little Venice, the local pub and Paddington station all very handy.  This hotel would be our first choice to stay at on our next trip to London. Good value for money too.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"My friend treated me to afternoon tea here recently for my birthday.  We arrived a bit early but was seated very quickly.  We had 3 choices of sandwiches, cream chees & cucumber, ham & cheese with mustard and egg.  All very fresh and tasty....not sure why we had 3 of each though as there were 2 of us?? When we finished them we were offered more which we accepted.  Then on to the cakes....we had a scone each with jam & cream and then mini cakes....including eclairs, carrot cake...the choice did seem to differ from table to table.  There was plenty but we were offered more when we had finished but after two pots of tea and all the cakes & sandwiches we could not move!!...Very pleasant and relaxing surroundings.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Still the best hotel in Little Venice,"My wife and I really enjoyed our stay here . A hotel with character and luxury. The locality is super, 100 yds from Warwick Av Tube station , buses and a taxi rank. Great pub "" The Prince Alfred "" just round the corner together with a mix of restaurants  This is not remotely like the modern chain hotels that all seem the same , this hotel is unique and I recommend it .",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Compact room,"Just returned from a weekend break at this hotel through a Travelzoo offer. Lovely welcome and fantastic afternoon tea. Such a treat! The room was disappointing. Number 46 on the 4th floor is a small room, with not enough width to have a bedside table at each side of the bed. A bit troublesome when you want to have a cuppa in bed in the morning & nowhere to put your cup down. The only other downside was, our room wasn't made up until after 5pm & then it was only after a trip to reception. Maybe we slipped the net in the housekeeping dept? For the price we paid, we were well looked after. Having a free paper each morning, water & plenty of choice of hot drinks in the room were all big plus points. If we stay here again, we hope to have a room lower down, which can be reached by…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1260-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff but room disappointing,"Was met by very friendly reception staff on arrival and given the opportunity to sit and enjoy a complimentary bottle of filter water- much needed after a hot tube journey!   Concierge was very helpful and polite when showing me to my room but even he seemed perplexed by the air conditioning unit, which later turned out to be useless.  The room was nice but the bathroom small and windowless. The shower seemed to intermittently turn either scolding hot or freezing cold which was less enjoyable than being at home!   Unfortunately I didn't manage to sleep much through the night as the room was sweltering hot and the other guests on my floor were loud. If the air conditioning had been more effective, my stay would have been greatly improved.   Ordered room service, food was OK but I…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"I stayed here for 2 nights in July, and I definitely will be back the next time I'm in London!  The property was clean and comfortable, we stayed in room 24 and I was pleased with cleanliness of the room, and the four post bed was lovely and very comfortable (though this is literally the highest bed I have ever slept in).  We had very little interaction with the staff due to being out most of the time, but check in and check out was efficient and friendly.  The morning before we were due to check in I had dropped off some luggage before wandering off for more sightseeing.  When I arrived that evening I was pleased to see that once our room was ready the luggage had been brought up.  Do also take a walk around the neighborhood with the lovely architecture and check out some of…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A cosy stay,"My two friends and shared a lovely large room, with French windows which opened onto a balcony overlooking the front of the hotel. We arrived a little early and there was a warm welcome when we checked our bags in. We then had a light lunch and a bottle of wine at the local pub around the corner.   The hotel had a real cosy, olde worlde feel to it. There seemed to be a lot of little corridors and stairs which made it all the more special. The staff were really attentative and helpful, especially the porter, and Borden; who gave us a brief history of the hotel, even showing us the oldest operating lift in London. Wait for the surprise at the end!  We all had a peaceful night's sleep. The air-con worked really well, but this wasn't needed during the night. We were woken quite…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Hotel,"We have just returned from 5 days in this lovely hotel. It is our hotel of choice in London. Convenient to Paddington Station and the Warwick Avenue Tube Station, it is ideally situated. The rooms are beautifully appointed and all the staff could not have been more kind or helpful. The reception staff were particularly friendly and helpful both before and during our visit. The area is quiet and well located to go out to eat in a charming variety of reasonably priced restaurants in the evening. It was appreciated to have access to the Times newspaper and a variety of books during our stay. I also enjoyed the range of current magazines left out for our use in our room. Our only suggestion would be that the breakfast menu could be more clearly set out. It was difficult to know if…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very quirky but we loved it!,"Historic hotel with character.  Comfortable, large, well equipped room, good breakfast, friendly staff.  Quirky - resident cat in reception, oldest lift in England which sometimes stops between levels, lift only goes to level 3 then stairs up to level 4 with sloping steps.  Maybe not to everyone's taste but we loved it's character and style.  Breakfast was huge and plenty of choice.  Hotel very close to tube station so ideal for exploring London.  Some bits of hotel looking tired - especially the restaurant where furnishing are in need of replacement.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1265-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Maida Vale Hotel,"Colonnade hotel London  Beautiful old London Hotel in the heart of bustling Maida Vale. Good location for Little Venice, Warwick Ave tube station.  Quaint lounge with resident cat, making you feel at home. The receptionist was the most confused I've ever encountered and probably on a Youth Training Scheme. Rest of staff very helpful. Lovely rooms with comfortable bed, thick drapes and pleasant decoration. Clean and well presented. You can eat inside or out, the inside being modern and small, they offered members of our party breakfast in room to keep the dining area free.  Disadvantage No parking, all on street. Local area Prince Albert pub with good beer and food. Also the Red Pepper Restaurent for Pasta and Pizza.  Well worth booking if your that side of London. ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice quaint hotel,"Very charming hotel, with an interesting history. Room (small double) was a good size, clean & comfortable, plus this one had a nice four-poster bed. All the usual facilities were provided, such as television, sound system, tea/coffee facilities, ironing facilities, toiletries + dressing gown & slippers for added comfort. Staff were very polite, friendly & helpful and provided a good service. Breakfast, which could be ordered to the room was also good quality.  Overall, a pleasant hotel, reasonably priced for London + conveniently close to a tube station.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect weekend getaway,"This hotel, its staff and its food, second to none.  Especially the italian receptionist, which I am embarrassed to say I have forgotten her name, she was wonderful.  Our stay was impressive, bought on a travelzoo deal, everything was wonderful.  Our room was upgraded to a suite, our breakfast which was included, delivered to the room, fabulous.  The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, advising directions and guidance for supper by the Canal and  a Sunday morning excursion to Camden lock on a narrow boat and return from Camden market to a very nice afternoon tea.  I would definitely book again.  It is in a very quiet part of London and after a show in the centre it was wonderful to come away to the peace and tranquility of Little Venice. A definite I would say.  Thank…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel with character,"Quite surprisingly good. Lucky dip secret hotel on lastminute ""little Venice"". Really convenient from Warwick Rd tube. No tube noise by the way. Nice area to walk around in. Historic building, previous home of Alan Turing but dates back to a much earlier and glamorous London era. Nice seating area outside, good for a drink in the early evening.  Such a great welcome from reception plus the porter, who took my luggage. Its a bit of rabbit warren. Room was a bid double, very big bed, nicely decorated. Only downside was no aircon and windows that are limited to open only 6 inches. Nevertheless very comfortable  Very quiet in the morning. Night porter was still on at 7a.m.  Breakfast was a disappointment. No buffet was good, but chef needed to do better. Bacon shouldn't be wet,…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,My friend and I had afternoon tea here. Lovely place in a good location. The staff were very pleasant and gave us the right amount of attention. The food quality was very good and we were offered more of everything. Great value for money and would recommend it,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1270-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely, with great connections to London's attractions","For the price of a budget hotel room this was a real discovery on Lastminute.com. Paddington station is a pleasant canal-side walk away with Warwick Avenue tube station right on the door-step and direct bus services to theatre-land, Knightsbridge and South Kensington for the museums. Although, London traffic make the underground a far swifter option.  Our ‘club double’ was at the top of the building. We enjoyed two restful nights with no traffic noise and the air conditioning quickly made the room comfortably cool. As others have pointed out, the top floor is not served by a lift, so would not suit anyone who cannot manage stairs.  There were numerous additions to make our stay a pleasant one, including complimentary wifi. In the evening there was a litre of water to refresh us,…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A different side to London,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel in July. We got a good deal through lastminute.com and were happy with our choice of hotel. The hotel was lovely. However, considering it is 4 star, I did feel some things had been left to decline.  Good points of the hotel: The location. The hotel is situated in 'Little Venice', a short walk from Paddington Station, along the canals. This part of London couldn't be more different to the hustle and bustle of central London, although still ideally located to reach all the sights. The Staff. The staff were lovely, very welcoming and knowledgeable about the hotel. The rooms. Our room was nice, with a four-poster bed. However, there were some things that weren't quite up to scratch, which I will come to. We had lots of little extra touches in…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic in all aspects,"This was a wonderful place. The surroundings/little Venice is really calm and romantic with the canals, boats and small pubs but close to attractions such as the London zoo. We stayed for two nights and we had booked a small doubleroom but when we arrived they had upgraded us. This meant so much to me since as I was trying my best to give my sweet fiancé a good time in London for his birthday and to start off with stepping into a suite was amazing. They were really doing all they could for us. Hope you get to stay here and enjoy it as much as we did.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Gr8 place, away from the crowd","Great boutique hotel in an old building, nice rooms, individually designed with a lot of charm. Location is in a quite place in Little Venice, away from the crowd. Around the corner are some nice restaurants and a bar where locals hang out in the evening. Avoid the rooms in the basement as you will hear the tube running under your bed every 2 minutes. The breakfast room in the basement has a glass roof and gives acces via a stairs to the terrace, gr8 when the sun is out. The breakfast should be improved, this is below level. Orange juice from concentrate is not done in such a place and is at level with the rest of the breakfast served.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Highly recommend this hotel,"I stayed at The Colonnade with my family this year and we all had a lovely time.  The staff were very helpful and charming, the reception area was very welcoming and the bed and breakfast in the room at no extra cost was a bonus.  There are super surroundings in the area with the canal just a short walk away.  We highly recommend the hotel.  Ms Evans",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1275-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday afternoon tea,"Had a lovely experience at this hotel. We had a Wowcher deal for afternoon tea for 6 of us as a birthday celebration. They had our table ready in the garden when we arrived. We received very good service;  a glass of champagne as we sat down, then 3 trays of sandwiches and cakes between us. We had unlimited tea and coffee and they also brought more sandwiches out free of charge. There was plenty of food and there was a lovely atmosphere.  Would thoroughly recommend this hotel for afternoon tea. ",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An oasis of calm,"Away from the hub bub of the city this lovely old hotel was well placed for the tube station and Paddington station, however we drove up as there is a two space car park if you book in advance behind the hotel, but be warned it has a very steep access to it probably not accessible to  normal cars, luckily we had a 4x4! It was a short walk to the Regents canal where we hopped on a canal boat which took us to Camden Lock via a stop at the Zoo if you wanted. Included in our Travelzoo deal was afternoon tea which was the full 3 tiers of sandwiches, cakes and scones and a glass of proscecco which we had in the courtyard garden of the hotel, very nice! We ate later in a Lebanese restaurant round the corner where there were a few places to eat to choose from. The continental breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Better service and facilities than you would expect for the money,"I purchased my accommodation at The Colonnade Hotel via LateRooms and given the price, compared to other hotels on the night, my expectation was not high.  However, I was greeted by a thoroughly professional staff with a personal service, shown to my room which was well appointed and cool (excellent air-conditioning).  The free WiFi and bottled water were most welcome.  The room I was staying in was small, and the bathroom even smaller but this was of no consequence to me given I was only there for one night (I was staying on the 4th floor up 3 floors by elevator and the final floor by stairs so you would not want to be staying in this room if you have lots of luggage).  The inclusive breakfast was limited, but you could order more at cost.  The staff were lovely and very…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,"Very good location, few steps away from Warwick avenue station (underground), and the next station is Paddington, where you can take a connection train to Heathrow. Pretty and quiet neighborhood, very nice staff, very clean. I would definitely come back. The only negative thing is that the price doesn't include breakfast, wich is expensive in the hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A quiet, peaceful part of London","We went to meet family and booked the hotel through a deal they were promoting for bed, continental breakfast and afternoon tea.  The area the hotel is in was really pretty, peaceful and relaxing.  The hotel is a two minute walk from the tub which was perfect.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1280-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"After seeing good reviews, I thought this hotel would be nice -- it's not. I would describe this as a 2-star hotel trying to be a 3-star; nothing more. It is very small and outdated, with tiny awkward rooms. Amenities and customer service are also subpar -- be prepared to wait if someone else is talking to  the ONE front desk clerk; and don't expect any nice complimentary gestures. Overall, very disappointing.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade london,"Fantastic stay,afternoon tea was first class service,very attentive,could not have asked for more! All of the staff including the young porter,made us very welcome,would highly recommend! Really enjoyable stay",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel! Hidden gem! ,"This must be London's best kept secret! Brilliant if a little dated hotel very near Warwick Avenue tube. 5 minutes from Paddington. My room - 34 - a studio suite was just perfect! Staff were deliciously helpful! I am so glad I booked, via lastminute. Highly recommended. ",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly and helpful - felt like a personal service,"I spent two 'last minute' nights at the hotel, which made it good value.  It's about 2 minutes' walk from Warwick Avenue on the Bakerloo line, so well-situated to get into central London, and very close to Paddington and Marylebone stations.  The area - Little Venice - is really charming, and felt very safe for evening walks or morning runs.  There's a little high street of shops about a 5 minute walk away (Boots, etc) and a Tesco Express service station too.  Not that you'll be short of nice pubs or restaurants either.  The staff were enormously welcoming, instantly going online to find out when Boots closed on a Sunday when I arrived without contact lens solution, and offering to take my bag to my room to save time while I nipped out.  Throughout my stay, they always said…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very Pleasant London Hotel,"We spent six days at The Colonnade in late May 2014 and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel.  The location is very close to a Metro station (Warwick Avenue) so getting around in London was easy--a good thing because it was a pretty rainy week.  The hotel is located in a charming neighborhood known as Little Venice, named for its colorful canals and houseboats.  We chose a suite, so our room on the fourth floor was quite spacious, and the bath was more than adequate.  The elevator gave the impression of being as old as the hotel; it required some effort to get used to the abrupt stops the to which the elevator was prone.  The hotel staff was quite helpful, although some members of the front desk staff seemed to have recently arrived in London and lacked much knowledge of the city. …",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1285-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay at this beautiful hotel!,"Decided to stay at the Colonnade in celebration of a friend's birthday. A big group of girls (10 in total), the hotel accommodated us perfectly and we stayed in the Apartment. The rooms were beautifully decorated and well furnished. The bed sizes were huge and we all enjoyed a very comfortable night's sleep. The bathrooms were really clean, spacious (and as you can imagine, a group of 10 girls getting ready and dressed rated this very highly) and fully stored with bathroom amenities.  The staff were highly attentive to our needs. At one point, my friend required a safety pin for her dress and the staff put in every effort to hunt one down for her, despite the slightly odd request. We felt well looked after by the Colonnade staff. We ordered afternoon tea upon arrival which…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay where everyone makes you feel welcome,I've stayed at the Colonnade hotel recently and would like to share my experience with you. It is a lovely hotel slightly of the tourist track but located in a beautiful residential part of London called Maida Vale. I stayed in a suite which wasn't very big but comfortable enough to enjoy it. The hotel might luck some luxurious touches however be assure that the staff will make up for it.  I stayed there a night before getting married and everybody was absolutely fabulous and helpful.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel in a great location,Stayed here for a night on a theatre trip. The hotel is in a lovely location - Little Venice is great for wandering and for lunch by the canal. We were greeted very warmly and shown to the Sigmund Freud suite which is really nice with the bed on a mezzanine. All in all really recommend this place for ambience location and facilities. ,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great find,"We came across this hotel on Travelzoo. Needing a hotel near to Regents Park and having read the reviews on TripAdvisor it seemed to be ideal.   I recall reading on one of the previous reviews that they were reluctant to rave about this hotel because they didn't want lots of other people knowing about this lovely hotel and I must admit we felt a bit the same.    However it seemed unfair not to write this review to praise both the staff, who were extremely friendly and helpful and the hotel which we found lovely.  The hotel rooms we had were extremely quiet, the beds were very comfortable with lovely pillows and bedlinen and with air conditioning we had a really good nights sleep.  The magazines provided in the rooms were also much appreciated.  It's also very convenient for…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!,Found this hotel by chance on the internet and after checking it out on Tripadvisor decided to book.  It's a stones throw from Warwick Avenue tube and very easy to find.  We were given a warm welcome and shown to our rooms.  My husband and I got a double bed but our friend who was travelling on her own got a much larger bed all to herself!  Slightly confusing but nonetheless the rooms were lovely with welcoming music when you entered the room.  We didn't sample the breakfast having decided to go for a walk along the canal and get something to eat but I'm sure it would be as nice as everything else.  Behind the hotel is a little avenue with shops and a really nice pub with dining rooms that we would recommend.  We will definitely be returning and would recommend to any one who…,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1290-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but noisy!,"Stayed at this hotel for a wedding in Little Venice. Great location (a couple of minutes from tube station). Staff were welcoming. We arrived early and the hotel stored our bags while we went for lunch. When we arrived back later, we were shown to our room by a friendly member off staff who explained some of the history of the hotel. Our bags had been transferred to our room which was great.  We stayed in room 10 which was 1 floor below street level. The room was clean and had air-conditioning. The only problem was that every 5-10 minutes there was a loud rumbling noise which I expect is cause by the nearby tube station! This noise went on till after midnight and started again early on Sunday morning. This did not result in a peaceful night's sleep!  Such a shame as a lovely…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very Sweet!,"This is a very sweet hotel in a quiet part of London. I don't particularly like busy, noisy spaces, so this was great. Walking the nighbourhood was peaceful as it is mostly a tree-lined, residential area with no crowds!  The reception area was soft and lovely. There is a sitting area to the left with plush couches and pillows. Though I didn't stay in that area for very long, I did pop in twice a day to see Minnie the cat. Yes, there is a resident kitty and she was a delight! Check-in was fast and our luggage was handled by Joaquin who was very helpful in explaining the room.   We stayed in the basement near the restaurant and the space was a bit cramped, yet still charming. The bed was a double (pretty standard in the UK) and was comfortable and warm. The tv was mounted on the…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade saved the day!,"We arrived at the wonderful Colonnade Hotel, excited from the start at the beautiful reception area.  Our excitement quickly went down the drain when we found that our reservations (for 3 nights!) had been cancelled by a snafu on the part of our online reservation service.  The service (which will remain un-named) had no reasonable explanation for the event and could be of no help. The front desk manager took pity on our predicament and managed to get us a fantastic room.  The staff is attentive, the hotel beautiful and the location makes it easy to get around London.  We returned 6 days later for the end of our trip and loved the hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Georgeous Hotel!,"Wow, we spent two lovely nights in this gorgeous hotel. Our club room was comfortable with luxurious bedding and soft furnishings and the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The local area is beautiful and very well located for travel throughout the city with Paddington station just a short walk from the hotel.  A must do - take a leisurely stroll from Little Venice to Camden Market along the canal as you will not be disappointed. Thank you to all the staff of The Colonnade we WILL see you again!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A very pleasant experience,"superb location with reasonable street parking - for my business trips in London it works extremely well as Warwick Avenue Tube is 2 mins walk and taxis to west end take about 10 mins.  great bedrooms with all the mod cons  good value and nice variety of rooms but most important thing to recommend is the level of service by all the staff, it really is exceptional. look forward to my next stay. Ian A",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1295-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade is a gem,"My husband and I stayed with the charming Colonnade Hotel in April 2013 (not July) and absolutely loved it.  The staff were so friendly and courteous and the rooms were just perfect for us.  The bedding was luscious which I so appreciate.  For any North American travellers, rooms are smaller than you may be used to and this is very common for a standard room in London.  But since you're likely not in London to hang out in your room, it needn't matter!  Enjoy.  We are returning to London at the end of August and we plan to stay again while in the Paddington area.  Thank you!    Marnie Calgary AB, Canada",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",LOVELY LOVELY,"Both myself and my daughter had a lovely time, staff very helpful and friendly. Club room very comfortable. Little Venice really lovely. Tube very close by. Nice and quite. Would definitely stay again.Great value for money (£142) for two nights, would have been perfect if breakfast had been included as a bit to expensive for us, meant we had breakfast out. Would recommend 100% though.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An oasis in the city,"An overnight stay on a Sunday night to fit in with a trip to the Royal Albert Hall - a very pleasant short walk away.  Check-in process efficient and friendly from Maggie, a short while later a courtesey call from her just to check we were happy with our room - we were!  Room well equipped with lovely decor and and we really enjoyed our stay.  Would certainly stay again.  All in all, a delightful stay, a pity we missed the cat - a reason to go back (as if we needed one!)",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Room 38,"I have and hard about this review. Be careful exactly what you ask for. I asked for a single room and that is exactly what I got. Less of a room and more of a broom closet. The room was no more than 5 feet wide and was so small the tea making facilities were placed in the hanging space - not a wardrobe as there was no room for such a thing. A tiny TV was attached to the wall but was behind the curtain. V small bathroom - well it couldn't be anything else and a nice view of an air con unit on the fire escape. All for a bargain £178 (without breakfast) - well there was a tube strike planned. When I checked out the staff simply said - well you asked for a single room. Apparently, and I am sure the manager will correct me if I am wrong, there are at least three rooms this size.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't ask for anything more!,"Don't be put off by the location of The Colonnade with it not being right in the centre of London. I had no idea how gorgeous and picturesque the Little Venice area actually is. It is also super quiet compared to central London too and yet, only a few tube stops away from all the hustle and bustle with Warwick Avenue station (Bakerloo Line) being just 2 minutes walk from the hotel.  We didn't actually realise how grand the hotel would be until we walked through the doors and it definitely is worthy of all of its 4 stars. The receptionist greeted us warmly and offered us a chair as she finished with another customer. There was also still and sparking water, fruit and muffins we could help ourselves to whilst we waited. Check in was quick and easy, we were asked if we would like…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1300-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Boutique Hotel,"What a lovely hotel at a fantastic price. Club room very comfortable, lots of little extras and attention to detail.  Little Venice delightful.  Staff very attentive and could not do enough for you.  Tube station Warwick Avenue almost outside so easy to get everywhere.  Would stay here again, really quiet for the Centre of a London.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic value in a great area,"I stayed at the Colonnade on a trip to London recently, for two nights. I booked the hotel at a very good price (£142 for 2 nights), which was by far the cheapest hotel I could find for 4 stars. I arrived quite late in the evening and was welcomed to the hotel and shown to my room. I was quite shocked at the standard of decor in the hotel, it is really stylish. The receptionist asked me whether I wanted still or sparkling water in the hotel and when I was shown to my room, I was shown the coffee/tea facilities, ironing board etc. I was surprised at how large the room was!  I slept well at the Colonnade and ordered breakfast to my room both mornings, which was delivered at exactly the time I specified. The staff were really polite and helpful and I enjoyed my stay. There are…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gem,"We booked a short stay here through a Travelzoo offer for last week.  The offer promised an upgrade but we were totally amazed to be shown to the best suite in the hotel.  It was really impressive and had a huge 4 poster bed that you literally had to climb into.  It also had the best duvet ever, and although the weather was warm you just had to snuggle down in it.  The staff were very friendly, polite and extremely helpful.  Nothing was too much trouble for them.   Breakfast was served at the tablein the dining room, no breakfast buffet here, and the continental option offered plenty of choice.  The location was excellent, just a few minutes from the Tube and very convenient for central sites.  We also spent a lovely day exploring Little Venice itself.  The hotel was truly a…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Used a KGB deal voucher to have afternoon tea at this hotel, which was great value at £17 for two people.  We had a very warm welcome, and taken to the lovely light and airy tea room.  The sanwiches and cakes were really nice, as was the coffee.  And we were offered another pot of coffee and sandwiches which was very generous.  There was an option for sitting outside to enjoy the experience had the weather been warmer. A really lovely experience.  If I was coming to visit London, this would be a great place to stay - a beautiful boutique hotel.  And just a couple of minutes walk from Warwick Avenue tube station which is great for easy access to the city. The area around the hotel is very nice, and really quiet.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A great alternative to the obvious places to stay,"This hotel is not far from the tube (at Warwick Avenue), only a mile from the West End and in delightful Little Venice. The rooms are good and the staff keen to make your stay good. The price reflects the less well trodden location.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1305-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location and charm,"Stayed at the Colonnade for four nights during a business trip and would recommend with caveats - I would give it three and a half stars if that were an option adding a half star for some of the staff and would deduct a half for some of the others.   First, the rooms - like many in Europe they are small by U.S. standards but I wasn't in it much so didn't mind.  My room was a ""petite"" in the corner on the third floor so a bit dark.The view was of an alley and fire escapes. The main living area was tight but doable. The room was was next to the elevator - the oldest in London - again charming but a bit noisy when the elevator was in use. The proximity of my room to the door and room next door was also a slight noise issue but only when those guests were coming in or leaving their…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Elegant, cozy, comfortable, convenient","I have been staying in the Colonnade Hotel in London's Little Venice district off and on for years and have always found it a comfortable and genteel haven that is conveniently located near the Warwick Avenue tube station in one of London's most pleasant neighborhoods. Although most, but not all, of the rooms are small and tight (you pay a significantly higher price for roomier accommodations) the beds are generous with good linen and fine pillows. I have a hard time sleeping in hotels but not in the Colonnade. The rooms and the hotel public areas are tastefully decorated in period style. The staff is friendly and mostly helpful. There were some glitches this time around with an iron in the built in cabinet that hadn't been cleaned and was gummy and a non-pickup of some laundry.…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Feeling at home,"A wonderful hotel in victorian style, with attention to every detail!  The staff is courteous and professional, attentive to your every need!  At the Reception we met a really cool girl named Maggie. Helped us a lot, it's nice, courteous and professional!  The rooms are great, clean and comfortable!  The mascot of the hotel is a very sweet cat that welcomes you with loving purr!  We loved this hotel and will definitely return!  We really felt at home!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Good location; terrible room,"Staffs - Very friendly and helpful.  Location - Located in a quiet residential area. 2-min walk to bus-stop and Warwick Avenue Station. Heathrow-London express train is 1 stop away. Walking distance to grocery store and cafes. Room condition - Terrible! Stayed in Room 10 in the basement. Wall is so thin that you could hear every conversation along the corridor or when another door closed. To top it all up, you could hear and feel a bit of vibration whenever the metro passes by! Only 1 frosted window in the bedroom but it could not be opened, so it felt like staying in a storeroom. Shower area was so small that it can only fit a small person, you hit the shower screen whenever you move your hands. Condition of the towels was bad (please refer to attached photos).  I probably…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from Home,"On average I spend 3 or 4 nights a month in London, and The Colonnade is a perfect base.  The location is central, close to a convenient Tube stop and the A40 should you be driving. The staff are friendly and obliging, recognising us on each visit and making the stay more personal and enjoyable.  The rooms are cosy and full of character, and we love the cat.  The morning breakfast is quick and delicious, which is a nice start to the morning. I especially value the little extras, which keep me and my family coming back time and again.  For example, my daughter forgot some post in her room, which was handed to me on my next visit.  A phone charger was lent, when it was forgotten.  Requests are met with a smile and a desire to please.  This keeps us coming back. Thank you.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1310-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Exceeded expectations,"Had an amazing stay here just a couple weeks ago. It was my first time visiting london. Fell in love with the area surrounding the hotel, cute little shops and pubs around.The employees were my favorite part of the hotel, they were so sweet and extremely helpful. Beds were very comfortable and the view from our room was pretty. I would recommend this hotel to everyone !! Can't wait to go back.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Hidden Gem,"I almost didn't want to write this review as I want to keep this hotel all to myself- its so good!. The staff are all friendly and 'real people' -unlike the corporate robots you can sometimes get.  The original features give the place real character and you can't beat sitting outside with a bottle of wine on a sunny day as the world goes by.  What a lovely place and people  Oh and don't forget the hotel cat, who wanders around and if often curled up in reception!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Our family holiday in London,"We were at the Colonnade last week for a family holiday. The hotel is a very good position, at a 1 minute walking distance from the tube station. There is a very efficient bus connection to Oxford Street as well. Even if the hotel has an elegant traditional style, the the staff makes the atmosphere relaxed and familiar thanks to little details that make the guest feel at home. Room was luminous and clean, quite spacious, with a nice view. The Colonnade really contributed to the success of our family holiday.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic!,"We recently stayed with a group on a business trip and this hotel was suggested to us by some locals ... and what a recommendation it was.  This hotel was beautiful inside and out, the rooms were comfortable, unique, with air conditioning, and a staff that was extremely pleasant.  I'd look no further than The Colonnade on our next trip to London!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very good afternoon tea,"My daughter and I had a lovely afternoon tea, the staff were helpful and polite. Nothing too much trouble offered more drinks and sandwiches.  Hotel in good location, very near the tube and Little Venice.  Would certainly go again.  Had a KGB deal, excellent value.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1315-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel in a fantastic location!,My husband and I stayed here for an overnight stop! What a lovely hotel. We were upgraded on our arrival to a Deluxe Room which was superb. The location is great with all the pretty canals nearby. It's only a 10 minute walk from Paddington Station. The staff were very helpful and I would recommend this hotel to everyone!  ,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Latest of a number of very good visits,"I think that this is our 4th or 5th stay at the hotel and they have all been very good. Comfortable rooms and very helpful and polite staff. Excellent location, 2 minutes from tube. Good eating places and a few shops nearby.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,"We have stayed in this hotel many times now and in our opinion it is one of the best hotels in London. The staff are lovely and welcoming, nothing is too much trouble. The rooms are clean.  The beds and pillows are very comfortable and the rooms have air conditioning - essential in London in summer. Would highly recommend.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a find!,"This hotel was a little gem. There wasnt anything to fault. Warm welcome from lovely staff. Beautiful bedroom, Well lit. Never had such a comfotable nights sleep away from home Extensive choice of tea/coffee. Huge white towels in bathroom. Breakfast so enjoyable, in relaxing atmosphere. THANK YOU!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon tea,"Absolutely delightful afternoon tea on a KGB deal.  Fresh sandwiches, more if you wanted and we did.  Good selection of cakes including scones, jam and cream.  Choices of tea or coffee and an extra pot you so wished.  Lovely location;  strolled along the towpath from Warwick Avenue tube station taking in the sights and sounds of Little Venice.  Couldn't fault it.  Well done Colonnade.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1320-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful hotel, minor faults","Stayed for one night in May and overall I am happy with our stay although I do have minor problems that I didn't expect.  - the room (44) was boiling during our whole stay, the air con didn't do much nor did having the window open, the nice porter came to help and he was very polite and helpful but to no avail, the bed though was one of the comfiest I've ever had and would have made for a perfect nights sleep if it wasn't for the heat.  -upon arrival into the room we found a lot of hair everywhere, on the bed, in the bath on the bathroom floor, this being before we'd even sat down anywhere  - we weren't told when to check out, so this made for confusion when we got knocks at the door from housekeeping waking us up  Other than this, the hotel really is beautiful and the staff are…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel with one of the oldest lifts in London.,Stayed for one night. Best nights sleep in ages. Beautiful location and no traffic noise. Will definitely go back. The river cruise didn't start until April so will do that on our next visit. Staff were excellent.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea with 10 friends,Booked 'Afternoon Tea' at this hotel through Groupon for myself & 9 other ladies. Didn't know what to expect as we paid £12.70 a head. Was very pleasently surprised to find the overall experience great. The waitress was friendly and when asked replenished our sandwiches & scones. The scones were especially delicious as came out warm. The other cakes were around bitesize which was ideal as we all were happy to try each one without getting too full and they were all very tasty. The sandwiches also were very fresh & tasty. We happily stayed at our table for 2 hours and not once did we get the impression that they wanted us to move on. The room itself is downstairs from the main entrance and is fairly small but this made it very cosy. Definetly would recommend this plus would go…,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty average apart from the cat!,"I stayed here for one night. The location is pleasant and very convenient for the tube. I paid £145 for B&B. The room was supposed to be a club room, but was smaller than I usually stay in for this price bracket and could have been cleaner. There was some cheese on the carpet by the bed which was a bit off-putting and the entire room had a grubby feel to it. Also the bathroom was very small. Two people sharing this room would have felt squashed together. My main gripe, though, is that the hotel has a cat. This animal is allowed to wander round the reception area, the bar and, most importantly, the room where breakfast is served. From a health and safety point of view I think the cat should not be allowed to linger where food is being prepared and consumed. I shan't return.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice to be back,"We Stayed for three nights over Easter the location is great I stayed at this hotel for some 7 years whilst working in London some 20 years ago the hotel then privately owned little has changed the staff helpful , I have two criticisms the first was the poor breakfast poorly cooked in fact burnt on two mornings when I pointed this out at reception they said they were training a new chef !!!!! the third morning a slight improvement my other criticism was the manor that houskeeping go about their work we stayed in room 12 and on two occasions at 3pm the room was not attended to it was as we left it at 10 am , I would think that houskeeping should have a rosta one day start at the hotel top the next start at the bottom up its then fair for everyone my opinion houskeeping is under…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1325-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, beautiful room","Me and my partner stayed for the weekend at the end of April. I'd never stayed around this part of London before, but the location was beautiful; I recommend going for a walk around Little Venice. Easy access to tubes and only 10-15 minutes to central London. Initially disappointed with the room when we checked in - I'd booked a Deluxe room (as we were staying the weekend), and the room we were put into was tiny and the lighting poor. After a quick chat to the reception staff (who were incredibly helpful and friendly the entire stay) they soon realised we'd been put into the wrong room. The next room was lovely, spacious and a huge comfortable bed. If you're staying the extra night I do recommend you book the bigger rooms.  Breakfast was included, again friendly staff and good…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely area,"Stayed here for one night in April with a group of friends while seeing a show. The location is very good, close to the tube but also near to little Venice for some lovely canal walks and a boat ride to Camden Market.  The room was a bit small but the bed was enormous and the most comfy I have ever slept in!,  Tea coffee and mineral water is provided in the room, but you may have to search for it, ours was in a small bedside cupboard. Continental breakfast was included in the price, but for just another £3.40 we were able to add a full English which was delicious. Staff all very friendly and helpful. My only gripe is that the bar at the hotel shuts at 10pm, far too early to be able to enjoy a drink after returning from an evening out.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect place to stay in London,"My husband and I loved this hotel. It's in a fantastic area, the best in London. So many places are accessible on foot but if you prefer other methods of travel there are bikes, bus stops, tube station and water buses all close at hand.  The food is delicious, and the staff are amazingly helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location.,"On arrival at the hotel we were met by a very friendly receptionist who advised us that as we were a group of 4 they had upgraded us to the 3 bedroom apartment with 2 bathrooms and a jacuzzi, we were shown to the apartment by a very friendly young man and on entering we weren't disappointed, it was actually more like a town house than an apartment, very spacious and spread over 4 floors. We had breakfast in the morning which was ok but not buffet so you had to ask for yogurt, croissants etc, when it is continental it is always nice to be able to help yourself. The area where the hotel is situated is a must to visit, i had never heard of ""Little Venice"" before but it is definitely worth the visit and we will return to this area. On the saturday we walked to Notting Hill and…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great hotel","We stayed at the Colonnade for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. As mentioned in other reviews, the location is perfect. Little Venice is beautiful and the quiet, residential streets are lovely. The tube station is only 100m away, providing direct access to central London via the Bakerloo line. The staff were all more than helpful, the room (traditional rather than modern) was lovely and we loved the additions of the robes, slippers, complimentary newspaper and turndown service. I would highly recommend this hotel when visiting the capital and hope to visit again in the not-too-distant future.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1330-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A fantastic 2 night break,"We booked a two night break at The Colonnade to celebrate my partners 23rd birthday. We were welcomed by a very smiley receptionist and although our room wasn't ready, we had arrived pretty early, they were happy to look after our cases. Our room was lovely and we had a free paper every morning plus a free bottle of water. Breakfast was also excellent and we were served by a very friendly Spanish waitress. Special mention deserves the night receptionist. He was really helpful and organised us a taxi to a Jazz Club. Thank you for helping make my partners birthday a very special one. We will certainly return when we next go to London.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Quiet location,very comfy room,friendly staff","Stayed on a Saturday night.Easy to find, one minute walk from Tube.Staff were very helpful and friendly.Recommend room 15. Breakfast in room was good and punctual.Would definitely go back,lovely area of London.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Booked an afternoon Tea after i found the deal online  and Totally  blown away by the amazing experience yesterday at The Colonnade London, food was fabulous, staffs were great.. i would totally go back.. Thank you",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I found a Groupon for afternoon tea here. We are from America and were on our honeymoon. I'm not a huge tea lover, neither one us are really so I didn't want to spend a ton of money for afternoon tea, but I still wanted the experience. I can say that after having my first London afternoon tea I am a fan! The Colonnade had such great service and their sandwiches and pastries were delicious, as was their tea! On top of that had we not gone to the Colonnade we would have never discovered our favorite part of the city! Little Venice is so charming and just lovely! We want to go back to London and when we do I think we will stay at the Colonnade we enjoyed our experience so much!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel and perfect location,"We stayed at the Colonnade over the Easter break. We were so glad we chose this hotel, we were very warmly and professionally received, all the staff were outstanding, professional, friendly always smiling, smart and ready to serve. The Hotel should be proud to have secured staff of the professional calibre that we experienced. The Room was clean, tidy and very comfortable, the location was fantastic, picturesque with the canal near by and Little Venice at a stones throw, also Tube station and bus links at two paces from the hotel. Will not hesitate to recommend this Hotel and we look forward to staying there again, hopefully!  Thank you, Stuart & Chantal (Gibraltar)",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1335-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Loved the place from the moment the friendly young lady checked me in .. The room was clean and loved loved loved the canapé bed .. The location was extra special near the canal . Will go again to London soon and for sure stay here ..    ,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel at a good location,"Stayed here for 5 nights, and will definately stay here again if we visit London in the near future.  Upon arrival, I had read that some of the rooms on the lower floors was a bit noisy because of the tube going by below ground. Because of this I e-mailed the hotel and asked for a room on the higher floors. Within a few hours my request was answered and taken note of. On check-in (which was fast), we got room 49 on the top floor.  The room itself was a bit small, but quite fine for two people.  Bathroom was good and had a decent shower with good water-temperature.  It was a warm week in London, but the AC in the room worked flawlessly (I've had some bad experiences in this department, so this was a pleasant one)  Hotell staff was polite and always at a calls notice.  Did not try…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Individual, independent hotel","Spent a night here in a standard double room while travelling. I arrived quite late and left before breakfast so I only had a short time to get an impression of the hotel but I was very happy with what I saw. The welcome was friendly but efficient, I was tired and really wanted to get to my room so I appreciated this. The porter who helped me with my bags then went off to get a sandwich for me, again making life much easier. The room was very comfortable, good toiletries, water provided, plenty of pillows, comfortable mattress, strong shower. It had all I needed. The area is very pleasant with residential streets and small shops, away from the noise of the city. The only negative I have is that the room was small, fine for one person for one night but may have been a bit cramped…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A good place to stay,"We went up for 3 nights and we were given room number 10. Upon arriving we were greeted in a very professional manner and our luggage's were taken care of immediately.  The room was very clean, and the selection of toiletries is a really good one. Although I have somewhat sensitive skin, I did not have any problems with the toiletries provided.  We had a powercut in our room and  management tried to fox it at first, however unsuccessfully. The hotel offers to upgrade us for the night, however it would have been to much hassle to stay repacking to go back to our room again.. The staff continued trying and manned to fix  electricity.  One of the assets of the colonnade I believe are the employees. All were very helpful and sincere.  The hotel is very close to Warwick avenue tube…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wow!,"Booked a double room here for our wedding anniversary and upon arrival we were upgraded to the JFK suite! The sheer gasp upon opening the door! Outstanding room on two levels with a to die for bed! Really luxurious and fancy. Huge doors opened to a balcony. Reception staff were all utterly gorgeous and helpful. Also loved the porky resident cat! A lovely sight to see it at the reception desk. We stay in London often, this will be our chosen hotel from now on! Loved it.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1340-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"We stayed Saturday 30/03 for one night. The receptionist was outstanding. All the staff we had dealing with were friendly and professional. The room was  a good size but it was not a double bed ,it was two single beds next to each other. The bathroom was ok. Nothing special. The breakfast room looked tired and again the breakfast was nothing special,we prefer buffet breakfast. The worse was the noise from the bar/restaurant over-night ,obviously there was a party and people kept on coming in and out all night ,you could hear the music. Awful!  If you ever stay there make sure you enquire about parties an if there is one run.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",False advertising !!,Me and my partner went here for afternoon tea with an amazon voucher (£30 for two people 'champagne' afternoon tea) and thank god that's all we paid! Almost everything that was stated on the menu and the terms and conditions was incorrect. First off we had prosecco not champagne..not a massive deal to us but obviously saves the hotel money. Secondly the sandwiches that were stated on the menu made no appearance instead we had quite plain boring sandwiches some without any filling or butter. However I must point out the waitress was very attentive to our hunger needs and got us more after we received about a sandwich worth between us. We had one small scone each (delicious as it was) and some pretty tasteless dry carrot cake and other tiny soggy cakes/ pastries. Such a shame as…,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",5 Star,Our first visit to this fabulous boutique hotel in a perfect location close to Little Venice with easy access to The City and West End. The staff are exceptional and a special mention for Danielle for her help and professional manner. If you are seeking an elegant retreat whilst staying in London we highly recommend The Colonnade.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing experience - Be warned of the dreaded Cabin Room,"My experience with The Colonnade hotel in London was a disppointment. I arrived in the evening and there was only a single room left - The Cabin Room. At the front desk they warned that the room would be ""a bit small and kind of funny"". This room was a retro fit closet, about 10ft by 5ft in size with a desk next to a ladder for a mattress resting on a loft above the desk. The room was so small I had to take my suitcase into the hallway to open it. I thought the Candid Camera crew was going to come in for a laugh - nope. There was nothing the hotel could do as this was the only room left. The actual property of the hotel is very nice and I'm sure there are others rooms that are quite nice, but not this one! Be warned. I write this to encourage the Colonnade to warn their…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect place,"Stayed for three nights at the hotel. We felt welcome as soon as we entered the hotel. The staff was very service minded and did their best to help us. The room was a bit small but as we only should sleep there we didn't mind. It was clean and the bed was good. Location was excellent with just a minutes walk from Warwick Avenue station, as well as the stop for the bus that took us directly to Covent Garden for the evening entertainments. We will come back again, and have no problems in recommending this hotel. An extra praise for Maggie in the reception, she's a lovely representative for the hotel! Mats and Susanne Sweden",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1345-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea!,"I had booked a voucher for afternoon tea at this hotel and was positively surprised. The hotel looked very nice, and we were shown downstairs to the bar area which was filled with daylight - what a nice surrounding! The waitresses were very friendly and accommodating, we had our afternoon tea served straight away and tea also! and the Afternoon Tea was absolutely delicious, we finished almost all of it! Delicious fresh sandwiches, warm scones, lovely little petit fours and cakes and chocolates, truly wonderful and satisfying! Would definitely recommend this to my friends, as it was good value with the voucher and very easy to find. Waitresses were also asking if we wanted more sandwiches or tea, very kind of them. A great experience!!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",PERFECT,"I have just spent two perfect  weeks at the Colonnade Hotel.  Everything about my stay was lovely…from my attractively decorated and well equipped room with its most comfortable bed…to the staff….every one of whom I came in contact with was helpful, efficient, friendly and welcoming. I visit London on a regular basis and it is good to know that a place such as the Colonnade exists.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Blown away,"So I booked a travelzoo offer for me and my son just for one night which was a good deal. anyhow changed my booking week before to include my other son....was told over phone they would include single bed in the room...but when we arrived we had been moved to the 'apartment' . This was a 3 storey 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom, lounge, kitchen emporium.....exactly to my opulent taste....crystal chandeliers and beautiful drapes.....oh and massive jacuzzi bathroom....We had dinner in the apartment served and delivered by waiters on silver platters and all this with 40% off the regular prices..... We had full English breakfast on the hotel terrace which was minimal but tasty....coffee is in cafetiere and so rich and tasty. The local area is serene with white fronted houses on boulevard type…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nearly there, work to do.","We really liked the hotel, it's friendly and a bit quirky. Lovely building in a nice area also. We got the impression however that it was a bit of a work in progress. Our sons room was very nice but our 'deluxe' room needed some TLC. Huge stain on floor and some worn and rather tatty areas in the bathroom eg dirty tile grouting etc. Bathroom also rather small for a deluxe. We were not unduly concerned as my wife was only in London for a meeting. I might have been more bothered if I'd booked for a special occasion though. Breakfast OK, but nothing special. The hotel does indeed have a resident cat which followed my son up to his bedroom and curled up on the bed as though she owned the place. We thought this quite hilarious but maybe not all guests would be so forgiving as us?…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","fantastic room, great location","We were given a free upgrade to an executive suite, so I don’t know how the basic rooms compare, but this room was fabulous. The only downside was that the restaurant area was a little small, and with the hotel being full had to wait ten minutes for a table at breakfast. With a two minute walk to Warwick Avenue tube station, you are only a few minutes from anywhere in London. Already planning my next visit later in the year, hopefully with the upgrade!!!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1350-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",You can find a better one,"Room with a mould smell. We asked for another room. We were given a Double room which could hardly be a single. Another issue was the bath towels, the maid was not changing the used ones. She folded the used and dirty towles and left them back in the bathroom.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Rude manager, loud music until after midnight, poor cleanliness","The hotel looks lovely, is close to the tube and the bed was comfy BUT.... On our arrival we found out the was a private function on meaning we couldn't eat or get a drink in the evening, the loud music was on until after midnight and when we asked the manager if we could be moved to a quieter room he was incredibly rude and arrogant and refused. The bathroom was dusty, dirty and unclean and there is no tea and coffee in the bedrooms. Everything was shabby and a bit broken. Staying in London was a Mother's Day treat for my mum and I, and this was not what i paid for.  I forgot the hotel cat - which was being sick on the front steps as we arrived and being petted by staff on the reception desk in the morning, right next to the customer fruit and biscuits - pretty unhygienic.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant hotel but...,"Comfortable and pleasant bedroom but avoid the breakfast at all costs. Bad food, bad service. As requested by the receptionist I emailed the manager of my concerns but didn't receive a reply. Maybe he didn't care.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Boutique Hotel close to the 'Tube',"My wife and I stayed for 2 nights to celebrate my wife's 'special birthday' and she was blown away when she walked into first the Hotel and then our bedroom (Room 25) which had a superb four poster bed. We loved the hotel and getting a free upgrade to a deluxe room was fantastic. The hotel is only 100 meters from 'Warwick Ave' tube station in a quiet part of London.  The staff were friendly and helpful, we loved our break and we would stay at The Colonnade again.  Many thanks to all.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent !,"We had to find a hotel for one night as our flight from Maldives landed too late for our connection to Dublin...we love Maida Vale so opted for the Colonnade.....it was perfect..booked a club room which was really lovely..beautiful sheets and duvet (after 10 days on a boat diving it was heaven)...room had iron and board...apples in a dish lovely touch. Reception was possibly the friendliest we have encountered recently...lovely welcome and they printed out some documents for my husband that we needed...has a resident cat...so cute...all in all a wonderful gem of a hotel...small yes, but close to lovely restaurants and bars...so everything is on your doorstep....will be back....thank you !",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1355-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely, characterful hotel in a great location.","We stayed here for our anniversary and could not fault it. From the moment we arrived we were greeted by friendly, efficient staff who ensured our stay was an enjoyable experience. We were lucky enough to be given an upgrade to the wonderful JFK Suite which was an absolute treat and made our stay even more special. Breakfast was extensive and well done. This is a superb little hotel full of character, attentive staff and in a great location. Will definately return at our earliest opportunity!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely little hotel ,"My partner and I stayed here for an anniversary and very much enjoyed it.  Friendly greeting by staff in arrival and quick check in. We were guided to our room on the 3rd floor via the antique, and interesting lift which we were told was one of the oldest functioning in London!  I've seen some reviews about the size of the rooms being small. We stayed in a standard and this was not the case. Lovely rooms, beautiful beds, very reasonably priced mini bar and clean bathrooms. Paper each morning on waking.   The hotel itself it right next to a main line and is ideal for those looking to explore London with ease and without the need for a rack or bus.  Very much enjoyed our stay and would happily stay again!  ",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Groupon Deal,"We stayed one night at the hotel, the front of hotel staff were very welcoming, looking after our bags whilst we used the restaurant on-site for a lunch time meal (our groupon deal gave us 40% off food and drink which was a good deal), we had a light lunch and a bottle of wine which was served by happy waitresses who were very attentive.  We were shown our room, which was an upgrade to a junior suite (room 12) - on first impression it was ""smallish"" for a suite, a large four-poster bed stood in the middle, very high, with a step stool to help you ""climb"" into bed.  The bathroom was very small and there was a comfy sofa in front of large 'floor to ceiling' patio style windows - we tried to open the doors as there was a balcony, but could not open and on closer inspection found…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"We have recently returned from 2 nights at the Colonnade hotel. We were disappointed with the room and bathroom which were very small. Didn't look anything like the pictures. Lovely from the outside and a handy place for bus stops and tube. Breakfast was poor and chaotic, not enough staff to clear tables and serve.   Furniture wrapped in celophane were on view.  Staff were very friendly and helpful, especially directing us around London.  ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Blown away...,"Spent 2 nights at the Colonnade earlier this week. Stayed in lots of areas of London but never Little Venice. Our busy schedule didn't allow us time to explore the area so we will be back again. Very warm, friendly greeting on arrival. A bit of discussion between staff over our room, but Room 9 was lovely. The not so good bits first... Room is lower ground floor so huge bay window looks on to small courtyard complete with AC units. Coupled with our own noisy AC unit, my pet hate, and the near constant rumbles of the underground trains, meant a broken sleep both nights. However, we were near the restaurant and bar. Quality breakfast items! Room fairly large, good bed, clean, adequate bathroom, if a little rough round the edges these days. Hotel is majestic, or will be once again…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1360-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel and excellent value,"We have just returned from a short break staying at the Colonnade. We thought the hotel was excellent value and the breakfasts generous. The staff were welcoming and attentive and always keen to help. Our room on the top floor was a good size and well appointed. The bathroom was a little small, but was clean. Our only criticism was that it was looking a little tired. Breakfast, included in our deal was excellent value, freshly prepared and served in a well lit room with a glass roof. The location of the hotel was excellent, being near the tube and bus stops. There are good restaurants nearby but it is also so easy to get into London. We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, and would definitely stay there again",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely clean comfortable hotel in convenient location.,"We've just returned from a lovely stay at this hotel. There were some decorations going on around the hotel but this didn't detract from our stay in any way. Our room was on the top floor, once we got used to using the quirky lift this was fine. The room itself although small was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean and had everything we needed. The staff were friendly and helpful, the porter assisted us with our bags on arrival and when we enquired about printing something off the Internet he was very helpful in sorting this out which was great. Breakfast was lovely and in very nice surroundings. The location of the hotel is perfect, just a stones throw from Warwick Avenue tube so travelling anywhere in London was easy. The area is very quiet and pleasant and the Prince…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Small room but reasonable price and good location,"We visited a couple months ago to visit the nearby Winter Wonderland at Hyde Park. We booked for a room, not the smallest option, but the next size up. I wouldn't have enjoyed staying in the smallest room available considering the room we booked was incredibly small. The price however was very reasonable, £70 or thereabouts for the night, located fairly centrally, just a 20 second walk from Warwick Avenue station. As you would expect in a London hotel, the rooms were packed in very closely with the doors right next to each other (so close that when our neighbours returned late at night we thought they were attempting to get into our room, it was that noisy). Very old lift with the manually closing grates, customer service was good, mini bar was astonishing, £6.50 for a tiny…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel with history,This is a short walk from warwick avenue tube so very easy to get into the heart of London in 15 mins. A lot quieter and better value for money than many city hotels where I have previously stayed The rooms were large and beds comfortable. The staff were very pleasant particularly Chris on reception.  I would have no hesitation in returning.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A great hotel in a good location!,We stayed at the Colonnade hotel in a club room due to an upgrade we received through the travelzoo offer we booked with. This hotel was clean and the service was excellent from the welcome to breakfast the following morning. The club room had all amenities required and was perfect for what we needed. The location was good for us as we only needed to use the bakerloo line. The tube station if right outside the hotel and good access into Central London in 10mins. A good stay overall!,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1365-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay,"Stayed only one night for a birthday treat,had booked tickets for The Shard on Friday afternoon so wanted somewhere with good transport links.We arrived at Marylebone Station and hopped on the Bakerloo line for a short journey to Warwick Avenue tube,The Colonade is literally a couple of minutes walk from tube.Had a very warm welcome from reception,room was very clean,comfortable and well presented,nice touch with flowers,wine and chocolate.The dining room/bar area has a glass roof  which I imagine would be nice on a sunny day and not torrential rain!.Very quiet nice residential area,we walked to Abbey Road in Maida Vale to the famous Beatles crossing.Staff friendly,interesting history to the hotel and in an ideal location to get into Central London on either the tube or…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Super London hideaway,Hi all I have just spent a night at this lovely hotel The hotel has parking which is private big plus for me  The location next to the Warwick avenue tube station is great for easy travel to the westend ect The room I stayed in was lovely very clean and had all plenty of towels fresh linen the room had a good tv and cd system all was great apart for one bog problem I was on the 4th floor located next to a very noisey boiler room the noise was constant all night I called down to reception to complain about 3am was advise to speak with the manager in the morning which we did  The hotel staff were very kind and refund part of the stayed and offered us a free afternoon tea  This is great hotel which I look forward to visiting in the summer to make use of the camel boats x,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Me and my family spent a superior  New Year's holiday at The Colonnade Hotel!,"It was the best family vacation we’ve ever had! I am so happy that we choose  JFK Suite for the duration of our stay. The suite was elegantly furnished with a four posted bed and a mezzanine floor for children. It is perfect for family of 4 with plenty of space for kids to play.  In fact it is perfect that the Suite is divided into two floors as this way me and my husband had our own space downstairs.  The complementary bottled water in the room is also a lovely touch, especially when you travel with children.  The breakfast was beautifully cooked, absolutely scrumptious and the breakfast room had a lot of natural daylight which made the morning very bright! Staff were extremely friendly, attentive and service beyond quick. My Son ordered the same pancakes every single morning,…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice looking hotel but several problems,"To begin with, the Colonnade is a lovely looking hotel with an impressive exterior, lounge and old-fashioned lift. Our room looked inviting and had classical music playing softly on the stereo to welcome us. So far so good. Problems quickly materialised though. First, the TV didn't work - zero reception. As we'd arrived quite late in the evening it wasn't a great concern though as we soon retired. However, being on the top floor, there was something just outside the window or on the roof that rattled loudly whenever the wind blew, which became a noise nuisance throughout the night.  Things then plummeted sharply at breakfast. First there was a long wait to be seated, and there followed the lengthiest wait we've ever had for our breakfast to arrive. It was lucky we weren't in a…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly Stay,"We booked this hotel through a Travelzoo deal, which consisted of an overnight stay in a Club room with breakfast included. The hotel is charming and nicely decorated; the room was spacious and very clean. The highlight of our visit was the warm welcome and polite service from the Staff - especially Sunana, who greeted us upon our arrival at reception. The dining room was pleasant, where we had a well-cooked breakfast. Overall, a very enjoyable hotel.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1370-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"We stayed one night and were really pleased.  2 minutes from Warwick st tube station! quiet , safe residential area with places to go  Hotel has a grand facade and an interesting history and new furniture and decorating gave a feel of a hotel being cared for and on the up  Our top floor room was beautifully furnished and the comfy bed had proper linen sheets.  Decent hair dryer.  Bathroom was adequate but disappointing in comparison.  items on sale in heathy room bordering on ridiculous £3 for a bag of walkers  - not sure where that bit went wrong  Fantastic  pub on the corner and a choice of restaurants 2 minutes walk away. In these morning we walked up tot the canal which was lovely  Breakfast was excellent.  Good service . We had juice, coffee, salmon and eggs .    Would…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Truly Unbelievable,"I reviewed this hotel in Autumn of last year. I avidly followed the post for a couple of weeks but once I realised the management were not going to comment, I gave up. Just another shocking example of the admin/reception team ignoring Customers needs and feelings. I am not going to go into the whole ordeal but as someone who never wrote a review on this site in his life...It certainly prompted me to start. Incidentally, I have also stayed in 2 more places as a business traveler since and given them a great review. Tonight (3 Months or so later), I checked the site again to find my review totally gone from the site, It really made me wonder how and why? My comments are....never stay in the basement, turn up without a booking they never received, pay a holding fee as you will…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hideaway,Fantastic value for money.  Exceptionally friendly staff.  Go for a suite if you can.  Breakfast great.  Very happy with our stay.  Lots of character!  We really loved the atmosphere and attentive nature of the staff.,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Really welcoming,"We stayed for one night last weekend and after all the negative reviews wondered what we would find. We were pleasantly surprised, the ambience was lovely, the staff were so polite, courteous and very helpful. The room was fine although it was on the ground floor and the breakfast was delicious all freshly cooked. The location was perfect with Warwick Ave tube station within spitting distance, all in all we had a great stay and would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely stay,"I arrived late at hotel to due to late meeting and slighting enjoying myself at social. I was welcomed with smile and quickly shown to me room.   The room was clean, bed was very comfy large suite. Quick and easy access to tube and bus routes, local shop with in walking distance.  I usually stay at private members clubs that was full due to last Min booking, I'm sure this goes on my list as back-up only as I receive good rate at PMC.   See you again",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1375-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Distinctly average,"We stayed for 2 nights for my birthday.  The hotel is in a really good location, very quiet  with good access to the West End.  We arrived at the hotel prior to check in and left our bags with the reception staff, who were very friendly and helpful.  Arriving back late afternoon we were shown to our room by the porter.  There was a strong smell of gloss paint and notices were stuck up warning about wet paint as they had been decorating the landing that day.  The smell of paint was overwhelming and we both felt quite ill so we asked to be moved.  The staff were helpful, there was only one room available on the ground floor unless we upgraded at a cost of £60 per night.  We took the other room which was larger, but had a small bathroom with only a shower.  The room was ok, the…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Such a lovely hotel in many respects - shame about the bathroom!,"I stayed here recently for three nights and overall it was a very positive experience. Staff were friendly and the decor generally took one back to a bygone age. There's even a resident cat (Minnie). My room was supposed to be a petite double but it was anything but petite. In fact it was really quite spacious. It was quiet, with good black out curtains, a decent enough T.V. and the wifi worked, despite being on the fourth floor (NB there is only a lift to the third floor). The bed was comfortable (a 5 foot double, I think) and the bedding and pillows were pretty luxurious. I'd go so far as to say that the latter were as good as any I've encountered in numerous hotel stays. The heating/air con did not appear to come with any obvious instructions so I used the age old method of…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding,"Fab hotel, great service with superb location , staff friendly and helpful , lots of character with a lift that takes you back in time ! many thanks for making our stay a second to none experience, look forward to visiting and staying again",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, good price and location.","I stayed at the Colonnade with my fiance back in August, and have been meaning to write a review but haven't got round to it until now. I'll break my review into sections for ease, but in short, we thought the hotel was very nice and offered very good value, and we loved the location.  Check-in:  Check-in was friendly, quick, and efficient. My partner had emailed prior to our stay to let them know that we were celebrating a special occasion, and they emailed back saying that they were giving us a complimentary upgrade to the Club Room; and they honoured this and gave us a lovely room on the top floor. In my opinion it would definitely be worth paying the extra for the upgrade as we had much more space than the standard rooms, with a table and two armchairs, etc.  Room:  The room…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We booked via late rooms for my birthday. We dropped our bags off at the hotel early and must say reception staff were friendly and helpful. It was late when we got back to the hotel, had we not been so tired we may have complained about he filthy bathtub and dusty room. However, we went to bed only to find our legs started to itch. Not sure if there were bugs of some kind in the bed, or the sheets had been washed in something strange. Not impressed. For a hotel of this rating would at least expect cleanliness of the bathroom.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1380-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Customer Service,"We booked with a baby to go to a wedding in London. The hotel staff could not do enough for us. We had asked for a travel cot, which they provided and then changed at last minute to another put-you up. All the staff were really friendly and helpful and allowed us to store our luggage an extra day whilst we were at the do, at no extra charge. The only criticism I would have is the extortionate prices of the mini bar, which I felt were there to catch you out. £6 for a small bag of M&Ms is ridiculous and I wonder how many people ate them before realising!!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, shame about the bedding!",We had stayed in this very nice boutique hotel before a few years ago and one of the things I remembered about it was the lovely Egyptian cotton bedding.  On our first night we were so disappointed to find that the bedding was very ordinary cotton that clearly had not been ironed properly and there was a hole in the middle of the duvet cover and at two corners.  There really is no excuse for this!  In fairness this was put right the next day as was the dusting of the TV table and TV which clearly had not been touched for some days. There are obviously some housekeeping issues which need sorting out.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great little hotel,Perfect small hotel. Warm and cosy in winter and a lovely looking place. Rooms tasteful and a funky lift too! Recommended.  Perfect place to stay with central London 5 minutes away. Charming. *******************************************,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",amazing place to spend,"this is the hotel which u find ur peace. the hotel is location is excellent. I spent with my family in aug for two weeks in this hotel. the rooms were so clean, looks luxury and very gorgeous. Restaurants and the foods were amazing. Staffs were so professional and polit.  we strongly recommended you to visit and I’m 100% sure, you will not regret.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",don't get fooled by good deals,"I spent a night there and was very disapointed.   I think there's a lot of things to know before you consider going there on a good deal. I got a decent deal so I decided to go for it since the location was convenient for me. My bedroom was in the basement and it was terrible:  1/ no outside light 2/ very close to restaurant which was a problem since they had a private party the same night 3/ Wifi service didn't work in my bedroom, was alright till the door but didn't work in the bedroom. I suppose the router was to far or something like that.  Not to mention the very small & old bathroom.  I highlighted point 2 & 3 before leaving, they didn't seem to care at all.  I wouldn't recommend the place. London is a big city with a lot of good deals and I don't think this one is.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1385-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Sad afternoon tea experience,"A gorgeous looking hotel, however avoid at all costs for afternoon tea.  We went along with an open mind for our tea date. I have to agree with other users the cheap finger sandwiches were very sad. They consisted of 3 cream cheese and cucumber, 3 egg mayo and 3 ham and cheese.Miniature eclairs, fruit tarts, a tiny piece of a brownie, stale carrot cake not enough cream for our 2 scones, that is just one each.  This was a very poor display of afternoon tea. We had no offers of more of anything. There was no service and we were the only people there, in the basement.   If you want a decent afternoon tea then avoid The Colonnade as it is sad and an unpleasant experience, an  altogether an expensive mistake.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best stay in London,"We stated there prior to a trip out to South America.  We stayed on the top floor and with the lift not working, our heavy suitcases were taken up.  From the time we stepped into the foyer, we were treated very well.  The young person at reception and the young concierge were most helpful and friendly.  The rooms were comfortable and our three night stay was a highlight. ",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible food - expensive,"Stayed here for two nights recently. It's extremely expensive for what you get - room prices are a lot more than at neighbouring hotels. Despite being done up last year, the rooms are nothing to write home about. They can be cramped and not the cleanest. The staff have limited charm. The worst thing about this place is the bar downstairs (which I think is run separately from the hotel). It  is an unappealing modern 'space' with too loud music and an uninspiring range of drinks. The food they serve there is absolutely dreadful - all poor prepared re-heated stuff. Don't bother with this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, Great location","We stayed at the Colonnade for just one night on my husband's birthday. I had picked the hotel as I was attracted to the boutique feel and the location. I was after somewhere a little off the beaten track as we were heading into the west end for the Theatre and I had not been able to find any other hotels that looked as nice for the same budget. We were not disappointed.  We stayed in room 26 which had a lovely 4 - poster bed, period furniture (aside from the TV table which needs a bit of TLC) and gorgeous drapes and soft furnishings. Very boutiquey - we also had a lovely little balcony. Great location for Little Venice where we took a wee stroll and very handy for Warwick Avenue tube / bakerloo line - quick and easy to get in to the west end in no time. We also popped into the…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely!,"We spent a week at the Colonnade in October.  Our room was quiet and nicely decorated.  We had breakfast at the hotel a couple of mornings, and while it was good we found it a bit overpriced.  You can walk up Clifton Road a few blocks to Raoul's or catch the tube to Paddington for other options.  We loved our stay and will definitely return to the Colonnade.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1390-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect,"I needed a hotel close to Paddington and this was ideal. Lovely location, great stroll from Paddington. Nice welcome, clean room, well decorated. I was on the ground floor next to reception so not a prime room and it was perfectly fine. No noise from inside or outside and comfortable bed.  Watch out for the price of the in-room snacks though.... And book in advance for best rates.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",AFTERNOON TEA DISAPPOINTMENT,"My friend and I went for Afternoon Tea at the Colonnade on 8 November.  Their website looked so appealing and the cream tea delicious.  Very deceptive as it was the biggest disappointment of our weekend in London.  We were taken downstairs to a very basic room which wasn't appealing in the least.  We had to move from the first table we sat on because of the draught from the ill fitting windows.  Our 'champagne' was on the bar for about 15 minutes before we were served (we didn't realise it was ours!).  It was pretty flat by then and it was a very inferior bubbly white wine which didn't taste that nice.  The tea arrived.  A warm scone (with clotted cream!, not a good idea and I've never had heated up scones before at afternoon tea!), heated up to disguise that it wasn't a fresh…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",excellent hotel,"The Colonnade Hotel is a Boutique Hotel in Little Venice, London. It is only a few steps away from the Bakerloo line which takes you to Oxford and Piccadilly Circuses. The front staff are very special and helpful. The breakfasts served in the newly refurbished restaurant are unbelievable. You can pretty much order just what you want and the staff will appear with order in minutes. We have stayed here the past 5 years and each year the rooms are improved. and the restaurant has also gone way up in service and selection. There is a cinema and historic pub a few minutes walk from the hotel.The Colonnade is a real gem!",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Welcoming, comfortable, convenient","This was the most recent of, I think, 4 stays at the Colonnade and each one has been a pleasure. All the staff are friendly, courteous and helpful. They seem happy in their work, always a good sign. The rooms vary in size but none have been too small for comfort. Plenty of hot water, air conditioning and internet, pretty much all that could be asked. I can only speak for the continental breakfast, which is pretty good. There are a number of good restaurants nearby and the tube is 2 minutes away from the door.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Super hotel but expensive crisps,"The hotel is very good value, a little out of the centre, but little Venice is a nice location. The beds were comfortable and staff very helpful.  But we eat one of the packets of crisps left on the table. We were charged 2.60 for it. The most expensive bag of crisps that I have ever bought. Or maybe a sign of the times.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1395-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",One lovely night,"We stayed here last night on a very brief visit to London. The Freud suite is delightful & we wished we could have stayed longer ! The staff were all lovely, particularly the very sweet girl that served our breakfast. We will definitely return & recommend :)",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"Just returned after staying two nights in The Colonnade. The hotel is in a great location, in a lovely, quiet, residential area, right next to Warwick Avenue tube station. Room was a decent size, clean, sumptuous and the bed very comfy.  The only disappointment was the service in the restaurant is very slow and inconsistent. Breakfast on the first day took a long time arriving at the table but did arrive hot. However the toast arrived with the cereal starter hence was cold when the cooked breakfast arrived.  The 2nd day was a different story - the cooked  breakfast was just warm and more worryingly -the sausage was very undercooked at the core & the bacon overcooked & very crispy! The waitress did offer to replace it but it put me off eating anything further, as the sausage was…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cream Tea,"First impressions, the hotel is boutiquely grand. On closer inspection it is a little worn. The small basement area where tea is served has a delightful glass ceiling. The staff are attentive and friendly. The fizz comes straight away and you are asked if you would like tea or coffee now or later. We had ours a little later, brought in pots and hot. My daughters cup tasted a but funny, not washed up properly? The cream tea arrives on tiered plates with an assortment of cakes and sandwiches. There are only 2 Scones much to my daughters disappointment. They are nice enough though. The rest of the cakes look like they are off cuts of bigger cakes and the mini macaroons have seen better days. The restaurant is small and pleasant but the TV remained on with subtitles and the…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Are you being served? Oh YES,"Stayed 2 nights at the hotels.   Were satisfied from the service, the ambiance, the room and the location.  We did not include breakfast since the value4money was somewhat in doubt but guests we've bumped into were quite satisfied. In any case there are many good cafes around the corner.  The neighborhood is charming and you don't feel any problem to walk around @ 11 PM. Kensington  is at a favorable walking distance. We had many questions to the reception and all were met with a smile and an amswer.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel  fantastic location,"We booked this hotel direct and stayed for 3 nights in room 15.  This room is very special and beautiful. The hotel has a nice homely atmosphere, excellent personnel, good restaurant and fabulous location in a nice and quiet area near to little venice. It is also near underground station. We had a fantastic weekend there and we will definitely go back to this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1400-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Moved from another hotel,I was moved here late evening from another hotel.  On arrival the receptionist and staff were very helpful and sympathetic.  Unfortunately my room was the single bedroom in the adjoining apartment which had other people staying.  The room had no mirror or hair drier in my room and I felt a bit of an intruder!  However the breakfast was good and the service excellent.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I would stay again,"I stayed in this hotel in June for four nights. Check in was pleasant and efficient, the staff polite and welcoming. The hotel is well situated with easy access to the Warwick Ave tube or a network of buses. One can walk to Oxford street, a leisurely stroll down Edgware Rd will have you there in around half an hour. My room was on the fourth floor which was accessible by lift to the third floor and then by stairs, I felt a little uncomfortable on the steep, narrow stairs. However the room was lovely, made good use of the space, with views out into the surrounding streets and windows that opened, and was quite unique and very comfortable. The turn down service with mineral water was much appreciated. I also really liked the hotel cat, he was quite stately and welcoming.  Overall,…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",lousy hotel,"I had read the quite good reviews on Tripadvisor and decided to spend a night there with my wife and a friend. The hotel is overrated, not at all a 4-star. The good things are its location and being in a residential area, at night it is really quite. However, it is pretty run down and would need a full refurbishment on all levels. Again the lift did not work and I guess it never does. The restaurant in the lower ground floor is awful. I will only go again if I knew they had heavily refurbished or had sold the hotel to another more customer friendly owner.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel!,Very beautiful and elegant hotel and lovely position.. Little venice is fantastic!!! The centre of the city is near and the rooms are nice and clean! Staff is attentive and competent! We had a nice stay! ,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant hotel,"I chose to stay here for two nights due to the location. It is certainly an interesting part of London to explore. The hotel was very pleasant without being exceptional. Staff were nice and very helpful as they had to be as several things were not quite right. The TV had not been activated properly so no channels were available until someone on the staff phoned up to get instructions. Two bulbs needed replacing and the furniture was a little grubby in places. The room was rather hot and the air conditioning was noisy being somewhat old and positioned on the wall by the floor rather than high up or in the ceiling. The evening turndown was minimal, there was no tidying or replacement of anything used up. The wi-fi was dodgy, and no paper was delivered on the second morning - until…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1405-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful neighborhood, great staff","While a bit dated, the Colonnade has a very helpful staff and is located in a wonderful neighborhood of ""Little Venice"". The rooms are comfortable even if a bit dated. For the price and how close it is to the tube, its a great place to stay. Plus ""Abbey"", the hotel cat is one of the best things about the hotel!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely night!,"We stayed at the Colonnade on the night of 3rd August, after Ladies' Day at Lords. It is very convenient for the Tube, and a fantastic hotel in every respect. We loved the cat - can't imagine why one of the other reviewers found her strange.......The staff were great - we arrived well before check in time, and I needed to change - no problem at all. We loved the area, and ambled back from Lords late afternoon full of champagne......Our room was absolutely super, and we slept very well - though that could have had something to do with the champagne...... Breakfast was absolutely fine, and we will very happily stay there again, if we can find the same great rate!",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","The cat, Millie, is still there!","On my first visit, the household pet, Millie rode in the lift with us! This time I had a single room in the basement. Very comfortable bed & WC, with AC available. The breakfast was large in selection. Even had pancakes for the children at the next table. Staff was very helpful. Very close to Warwick tube station.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful building inside and out,"Booked this hotel for the location as it's close to family we were visiting.. Paid £170 per room, per night for bed and breakfast. All the staff were very accommodating, friendly, particularly at the front desk..  Unfortunately the staff in the dining/breakfast room spoke very little English, which made ordering breakfast quite laborious..   The bedroom we slept in on the 3rd floor was a deluxe double with en-suite. There were no sockets close to the bed making it awkward when needing to plug in phone/lap tops etc, close by. The air conditioning threw out dust, a very nasty smell and was inadequate to cope with the room size or just didn't work... too cold of nothing. The towel rail in the bathroom was on continually, which made the whole room very uncomfortable. The shower was…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very good hotel with personal touch,I stayed here with business and staff were very helpful. Hotel isn't the cheapest but also reasonable for location. One strange fact / there is a friendly cat which hangs put in reception! Hotel is very close to paddington st and a couple of decent restaurants are near by. ,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1410-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wow totally beautiful hotel.,"JFK suite was absolutely stunning . This hotel has the wow factor in a fab location . Decadent , plush making your stay extra special . Excellent staff . An incredibly pleasant stay would return again and again . ",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel...,"...in a great location.  We were only there for one night, but the reception was efficient, the room was excellent and clean.  Next time we will stay longer and explore. Something I don't think they mention, but if your eyes water and your throat itches when you get there, I may have the answer.  You may be allergic to the hotel cat.  A lovely creature, and it graced us with its presence in our room for a few minutes while we made a fuss of it, but you may not be so pleased.  If you are allergic to cats, you may want to avoid it.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding Location,"My daughter had booked the hotel based on many she had researched looking for that ""perfect one"" for her wedding celebrations. Although she hadn't mentioned to the staff on the phone the purpose of her 2 night/3 day stay, as soon as she entered reception with her fiance they instinctively knew their stay was something special. Once she had confirmed they were getting married they instantly arranged an upgrade to my daughters room. She was given the JFK suite which she had seen and feel in love with months before. From then on we could not fault anything about the staff or service we received. We were all fussed over, and my daughter and son-in-law were pampered no end on their final morning. Location, perfect for those sightseeing. Transport, on the door step. Many fine places…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Finish,"My one regret is not ambling through Little Venice. I saw snippets of it when I exited the underground and was searching for the hotel (take the right exit after the turnstiles [at Warwick Ave, obviously] and then turn left once you're at street level; the hotel will be in front of you behind the church), but not enough familiarize myself with the area.  I will definitely return to The Colonnade when I'm again in London. Everything about this hotel is splendid: the rooms, amenities, location, staff, and value. Upon check-in I was told that I received an upgrade to a club room (23), which was quite lovely. I should have clarified immediately if the upgrade was complimentary (which it ended up being) because there was some confusion, but the general manager promptly and hospitably…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Superb stay,"High quality rooms, comfortable, clean, great little touches I wasn't and exceptional service from everyone I met.  Would highly recommend for a stay in London - only a quick hop to Paddington station.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1415-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A FANTASTIC stay - staff are superb and the hotel is ultra relaxing,"We had a FANTASTIC stay. London was ultra busy this weekend for Boris's big cycling extravagansa. But the staff at this hotel made our stay superb. It's just so relaxing. We had arrived early, shattered after an early start, but the receptionist managed to give us an upgraded room (a suite overlooking the hotels quiet caffe outdoor seating area) and they had the room re-made up for us by 10.30. A knock on the door, an hour later and a bottle of champagne with choc dipped strawberry's (my hubby had asked the hotel if they could arrange something special for my birthday) were wafted into the suite.   The surrounding area is so peaceful, loads of top knotch noshery's and caffes with a bus stop just round the corner that whisks you down to Covent Garden in 20mins (there's an even…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","little Venice, little beauty","A great spot near Lords, and little Venice. Short walk from Warrick Ave tube station in Maida Vale. Great pubs, bars and cafes nearby. Its zone two but not by much. The surrounding area is sensational.  We had a spacious room, beautifully detailed, with soft comfy bed. They have taken something old with loads if history and created a unique property which offers a great place to unwind.  The customer service was very good and the team was attentive to our needs.  As a place to stay, its fantastic. While not in the guts of London, that is the best part...and you save on accommodation that would be much less closer in.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Didn't stay just had Champagne Afternoon Tea,"My Girlfriend was given a voucher for Champagne Afternoon Tea at this Hotel. I can't really say much about the hotel it's self but the little area where the afternoon tea wasn't really up to 4star standard and the sandwiches we're a little hard on the edges so I assume we're laying around. We don't really drink alcohol and asking to change that for a fruit juice was also hard work. The rest of the items were nice but glad I didn't have to pay the full price, apparently it was worth £64. All that included was a glass of Champagne (Juice in our case), A scone, little macaroon, piece of cake, 4 and a half tiny little fingers of sandwiches and coffee (or tea) each. Was allowed another juice but that was it!",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A place for clever cats to stay in London,"With a friend's birthday party at nearby MCC Lords, thanks AW, this was an ideal location for a Friday night late July '13 stop-over. This is a truly great hotel, where great means individual, welcoming, convenient, peaceful and well appointed. With the rooms and sizes, you get what you pay for. Plenty of choices for different budgets. Did not get to try the restaurant, but good to see guests enjoy a light brunch on the sunny terrace. GM Shahar runs a tight ship, and keeps the team upbeat and friendly. Well worth a try, and make sure you take time to browse the area and canals.    Here's a thing. The great Alan Turing was born at this address in Maida Vale. Some, including me, would say his work at Bletchley Park and for Enigma helped ensure the freedoms we now enjoy. We owe you…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, not the most thoughtful rooms","We'll probably return to The Colonnade because the location is perfection, right near the Bakerloo Warwick Avenue Tube stop and at the edge of Little Venice, which is heaven.  Yet, maybe we'll have to spend more, because our teeny tiny room was not very efficient.  No nightstand on one side of the bed at all.  A gigantic lamp (about fifteen inches wide) on the other nightstand so there was nowhere to put anything but the base of that lamp.  The whole room felt very tight and cramped.  We booked on Expedia, so maybe we got the room no one ever wants. The staff were very nice.  And as I said, you can't beat the location.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1420-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A step back in time,"We booked the colonnade for one night in July, it proved to be a great decision. Located away from the rush of London it offered a taste of the city that is rarely experienced by visitors. Tube links to the attractions are straightforward. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. Our room was lovely, it was refreshing to have a leafy view from a london hotel. Would recommend.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,"We were in London during the week of July 6, 2013.  My wife was there on business and I was tagging along.  We were  looking for a hotel with breakfast and somewhat close to the Tube for transportation, not in the heart of london, but on the outskirts.  We booked on Hotels.com and found the Colonnade.  It was about 200 feet from Warwick Avenue tube station and then one stop from Paddington Station for the express train to Heathrow.  the Colonnade is in a great neighborhood known as ""Little Venice."" it truly is a neighborhood with a hotel in it.  Around the corners were locale pubs, small restaurants and small cafes.  The price was worth it, include the breakfast, it saved a lot on the trip.  Basic breakfast, eggs, omelates fruit, toast and pressed coffee.  Service was excellent.…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful little hotel,"We stayed on the Friday night of the Lord's Test Match, as we were lucky enough to have tickets to see England pummell the Aussies. We had a small room on the fourth floor which was perfectly adequate for one night. Breakfast was adequate and drinks on the little outside terrace on a warm Friday night were very nice. The staff were all friendly and effiicient. All in all i'd highly recommend The Colonnade.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",P Sumpter,"Nice room with air con and it needed it was a very hit day  , nothing better than an air conditioned room in the summer  friendly staff and a great breakfast that was served in a very nice relaxing open aired room  Stayed here when going to wembley stadium , great location less than one minute from the tube stop on the same line as Wembley. Staff where very accommodating and was very good value for money. ,",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Rolling Stones,"On July 6 I was in London to see ""The Rolling Stones"" live at Hyde Park. As an 53 year old woman I thought I need a hotel nearby. I found a great offer for The Colonnade. Traveling by train from Birmingham was easy and on arrival at the tube station it was just a hop and skip to the hotel. A warm welcome was given by the staff at reception and the check in was made easy. First impression were very good as the reception and lounge area is warm and welcoming. I was given the The Cabin which is a really curious room as it is in a style of a Captain's Ship Room. Compact is the word which come to mind. After a long day and night at Hyde Park and a 30 min walk to the Hotel it wasn't what I had in mind but I managed to climb into the bunk bed. The bathroom was small but well equipped,…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1425-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Neighborhood...Amazing Hotel,"We stayed here for our last night in London and wished we had stayed for the entire vacation. We left London for two days in Paris, and stayed here a night before our flight home. It was pin drop quiet and the beds were very comfy, as we're the pillows.  The bathroom was large and beautifully appointed. The gal who checked us in was very friendly and welcoming. The bellman was accommodating as well and had a nice personality. I really loved this hotel and my stay was too short. I will be back.  It's not far from some great restaurants as well. The only thing I noticed which was not up to par was the wifi.  I didn't work so wellIn our room. Otherwise an impressive establishment in every way!",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very Impressed!,"We selected The Colonnade because it was within walking distance of Lords Cricket Ground and we were down to see England hammer Australia.  We were very impressed with this hotel! Set in a very quiet leafy area, the room was spacious and comfortable, and an excellent made to order breakfast was served al fresco - gorgeous during the heat wave! We were very well looked after at breakfast time by a delightful Spanish waitress called Iria who could not have been more helpful.  Her cheerful demeanour and efforts to ensure an excellent breakfast for us were very much appreciated. Patricia the receptionist was also very friendly and helpful. From this hotel you can walk a few yards and go on a lovely canal trip from Little Venice to Camden, past Regents Park and The Zoo.  You can also…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A good value hotel in London – imagine that!,"Having overpaid too many times for hotels in central London, I ventured off the straight and narrow of Doubletrees and Hiltons (too expensive especially in summer) and chose The Colonnade. The TripAdvisor reviews had it exactly right. This place offers good value for the money. I paid two forty one US. That is in mid-July and includes taxes and fees from the hotel booking site I used. (hotels.com). That did not include breakfast. I avoided the tiny (4 square meter!) single and “splurged” for a 13 square meter double room. I asked for a quiet room with strong WiFi and within reason that is what I got. I had room 34. The noise from the hallway was bearable. I chose to go with earplugs for sleep just in case and there were no issues. The room was a bit warm when I got in (after 9pm…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Hotel nice and clean.  Room was atypical ""European"" room; a bit small as compared to American hotel rooms.  Room was clean and bathroom was refurbished.  Staff very helpful!  Would not suggest you eat or drink I the hotel; rather costly.  Nice restaurant and bar around the corner.  Also a breakfast place around the corner.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",a little gem,"This is a prize pick. It is about to be substantially remodelled - which I hope will be done sensitively. The hotel is a couple of minutes from Warwick Avenue underground station. Therefore it is perfect if you, like me, come and go from London through Paddington. But the magic is that those two or three minutes have a magical effect. The area around mainline railways stations, the world over, is often tawdry at best. Here you emerge from the tube in another world. Try it!",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1430-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","We loved this hotel, and will stay there again next time","We almost don't want to let everyone know about this wonderful hotel, situated in the lovely Little Venice section of the city, and just a block away from the Warwick Avenue tube station.  (In fact, when we first arrived in town, we wheeled our luggage over from Paddington Station, which is where the express train from Heathrow terminates.  It was a short and lovely 10 minute walk along the canal.)  Everything about the hotel and our stay, and the location, was just perfect.  (O.K., the wireless Internet connection was a little slow, and the batteries in the television remote were dead.  But that's IT.  Everything else was just...lovely.)  We had a small room on the fourth floor.  And the website had suggested that it might be too small for two people,  But we're married, and we…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel staff,"Upon arrival we found that our booking was somewhat different from what was received by the hotel.  However, the staff quickly resolved the issue to our satisfaction.  We stayed five nights as part of our trip to the UK for our 35th wedding anniversary.  The front desk staff and porters made sure our stay was pleasurable responding to our needs and questions in a very friendly and efficient manner. (Thank you Chris for your daily smile.)  Having the tube close by made it easy for us to access London while feeling secure at the hotel within a residential neighborhood when returning from our daily adventures.  Riding the lift with its loud thud when stopping is a special memory for us.  The morning breakfasts were all well prepared and served by smiling staff.  (The Red Pepper…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"I stayed here with my husband just over a week ago and would highly recommend it for the location, service received at breakfast and the general atmosphere of the hotel.  The breakfast selection was excellent as was the friendly and helpful service of the staff.  We paid extra for a suite and whilst the room was clean and pleasant it did smell very musty and was a little noisy. Located a short walk from Warwick Avenue tube station which means you can be in central London within twenty minutes and a five minute walk from the canal and barge trips that take you to London Zoo or Camden market (the latter not to be missed).  Despite the few negatives, I will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy... and historic!,"The localizations couldn't be better... Little Venice! The rooms are lovely. Service is not ideal, but reasonable! Good, excellent value! Freud lived here when he left Austria in 1938... What an atmospnere...",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Charming place, friendly staff, good value for money","A very charming place, perfectly located two minutes walk from Warwick Avenue tube station on the Bakerloo Line. Very quiet area, however there seemed to be some kind of salsa club in the hotel basement (in the breakfast room) on Saturday night, and our room was right above it...  Little Venice is very charming, I really recommend taking the James Boat Trip which departs two blocks away from the hotel.  Very friendly staff, nice breakfast and good value for money. Free newspaper, bottled water and fruit. Clean room, clean bathroom with wonderful towels. Nice afternoon tea. On the downside: Wi-Fi was free but not very stable. The air was kind of dry in the room, if you have a sensitive throat.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1435-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Never got the chance to stay,"On arrival the staff were very very pleasant however due to power shortage we had to go to another hotel in Victoria. They offered us drinks, advised breakfast would be included and paid for the taxi to this other hotel. If this happens to you and you are advised you will be moved to the Topham hotel do not go to this hotel if at all possible as the Topham hotel is horrendous and made for a very very disappointing first wedding anniversary weekend. They did offer for us to return to the Colonnade but unfortunately due to time commitments we couldn't spare the time to transfer back. Very sorry we couldn't stay here but hope to return one day for the planned weekend.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel very close to tube,Great hotel in little Venice.... Very inexpensive from lastminute.com.... Staff very helpful.... Breakfast excellent.... Upgraded to the JFK Suite which was lovely... I would stay here again.... Recommended,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location (if not a little shabby round the edges),"This hotel is in a great location for peace, quiet and for those wanting a stay in London without all the hustle and bustle of the city. I first came across this hotel about 6 years ago but my husband always favoured staying central to the main attractions so I was delighted to book this hotel for our latest trip.  From the outside the hotel is lovely, when we checked in afternoon tea was being served on the patio and the scene was very charming.  When we entered the hotel and checked in the general service was what we expected but sadly the room did not meet up to what we had hoped.  The general wear and tear of the room is sadly below what was expected of a 4* hotel with chips and scratches all over the television shelf and the dressing table. The ceiling coving had some awful…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice stay,"The Colannade Hotel is located in a wonderful area of London not far from Paddington Station.  It is in a residential area that feels safe and is quiet.  There are a few restaurants located within walking distance, but the tube is close by if more activity and restaurants are what is in mind.  The hotel is a beautiful old building that has been kept up nicely.  The carpeting and stair rails, etc... are all lovely.  The room we stood in was on the fourth floor, and the elevator only goes to the third floor, so some lifting of the luggage was in order.  We did have a porter help us with our luggage right away.  He also explained about the elevator and how it slams when stopping.  It was quite a joke for us as we braced ourselves when coming to a stop.  There was however a seat in…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent hotel,"My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and this is an excellent place to stay if you're wanting to stay 10 minutes away by tube from the city centre Breakfast was delicious, the room was lovely and everything in it worked. Absolutely no complaints from either of us",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1440-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","An average Hotel, good service but nothing to standout","We booked this hotel through Lastminute.com as a secret hotel (you dont know what it is until you book it.) the hotel was decribed as a 4 star... I think it struggles to be that tbh.  the hotel looks nice from the outside and we were not disappointed once inside. it was well decorated and had lovely rooms. however with it being an old building i think that access for the disabled would be a problem (lots of stairs and steps)  Check in was delayed due to a big party in front of us, however the team worked swiftly to help as soon as it was our turn. we were on the 1st floor.  First impression of the room was that it was small, (The door into the room was tight) however the room was very clean, tidy and inviting. The bathroom was ok, however the shower was barely a dribble (no…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An absolute gem,We could not fault this hotel. On arrival we were greeted by the hotel's cat (which we loved as animal lovers!). The staff were friendly and helpful too. The hotel itself has plenty of character. The old lift and quirky corridors to the rooms really set it off. The room was perfect and the bed was absolutely massive. A few seconds walk from the Warwick Avenue tube station means it was easy to get around. Will definitely use this hotel again. ,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I urge you to ask the size of the room before booking,"I think my expectations were a little too high but my recent stay at this hotel made me upset. I paid a huge sum for 1 nights stay. I felt so ill with an awful cold I just needed to lie down. Had I been well I would have refused the room. I had booked a single but the room was quite possibly the smallest room I have ever, ever seem. The room was the size of a single bed, the floor space was about a foot and a half down one side of the bed. I'm a small woman, if you were of the larger variety there would be no chance of you fitting in the room. My suitcase had nowhere to sit only on the bed, when in bed you had to pop it on the bit of floor you had but then jump over it to get into the bathroom, if you were elderly you really would struggle. When I sat on the bed I could touch…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",told technical fault with room,"booked hotel on short notice. arrived and told technical fault with room, take from that what you will. they then booked us another hotel and taxi. staff seemed nice. not very happy with swapped hotel it would not have been one i would of booked.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Super helpful staff.,"Just recently stayed 2 nights. Chose because of promximetry to metro Warwick station 2 short blocks from hotel since we had to get to train station in Paddington which is just one stop after in order to get to Bath(our 1 day excursion). Neighborhood is very quiet an lovely. There are 2-3 restaurants on the next block and a little grocery/concession stand which was very helpful for in room snacks. We also totally appreciated the complementary daily water, apples, & tea provided by hotel. Front desk staff in evening quite friendly and eager to assist with any travel plans. Rooms clean. Ok space. Good size bathroom with warming towel rack. Recommend this hotel. Free in room wifi. A bit far from St.Pancras trainstation where you get Eurostar though. We also paid 40pounds to get to…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1445-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Best kept secret in London,"A great English boutique hotel. Location can't be beat! 30 seconds from the tube station of bakerloo line (the main touristic line) and 8 minutes walk from Paddington station. Little Venice is near by and Hide park is 15 minutes walk away. The hotel itself is very welcoming, from the moment you step inside and being offered fresh apples. The staff is really attentive. I was in the delux room which was very specious and well decorated with a brand new bathroom. Breakfast is excellent, kinda like a restaurant, with lots of choices. I can safely say that I will be back to The Colonnade next time I'm in town!",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a nice quiet area of london - and very convenient for Warwick tube Bakerloo line into city centre.,"I recently stayed here with my mum (after booking through secret hotels on lastminute.com- 50% saving!) for a long weekend and was pleasantly surprised firstly by its location and ease of getting into the city centre attractions via the baker loo line, and secondly by the niceness of the area it is located within. A stones throw from Warwick tube station and surrounded by a scattering of nice shops and eateries. The hotel itself was very pleasant - the staff very helpful and the room was nice. The addition of white company toiletries was a surprise along with the wide selection of teas and biscuits and choice of complimentary sparkling and still water. The bed was comfortable and it was a nice touch that the room was turned down on an evening as well as cleaned every morning. A…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a great location,I stayed at The Colonnade for the first time recently and will definitely stay again when I return to London. The hotel is in a great neighborhood that is just a short walk from Paddington. Just around the corner is a street with restaurants and coffee shops and a few blocks away is Little Venice. The property is beautiful and well maintained with a lot of character. My room had a four poster bed and a balcony and was very spacious by London hotel standards. The staff was uniformly helpful and turn down service each night included a bottle of sparkling water. There is also a friendly cat who might visit you in your room if you are lucky. I highly recommend.,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Afternoon Tea!!,The Colonnade hotel was a nice surprise... located so close to everything we needed and the hotel itself was very pretty and very comfortable. We went to the Afternoon Tea twice with friends and enjoyed it very much. We slept extremely good and overall liked this hotel very much.,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A nice homely hotel,"We stayed at this hotel for one night after booking it via Trivago. We wanted a traditional London hotel in a central location and this fitted the bill. Walking distance or one tube stop from Paddington Train Station, it was easy to get to and located in a nice, quiet, affluent area. The Warwick Avenue tube station just over the road took you onto the Bakerloo line and straight into town.  The hotel staff were very friendly on arrival and very helpful. Our room, whilst compact, was nicely decorated and the bed very comfortable. The only reason why we've marked it down is because Breakfast service was slow and we had to wait for 10 minutes for a table. Having said that, we would definitely go back if we stay overnight in London again.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1450-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",very good with a few problems,The Colonnade is a nice hotel with good location. The staff are friendly and helpful. And everything was suitable. The only complaints I had was that some of the things need to be updated. One night we stayed and the mattress we slept on was extremely old and uncomfortable. And the AC could not keep up with the size of the room so it was hot that night. I have no doubt had I gone downstairs and asked for another room they would have helped. But it was way late when we got to hotel and we had gotten ready for bed unpacked etc etc and did not want to deal that night. Next night/room the TV did not work but mattress and AC was great. So I feel it just needs a little updating of the rooms to reflect the price paid. I understand it is an older hotel and that is fine. I wanted to stay…,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A cosy, very well located period gem :)","We stayed at the Colonnade on Tuesday 9th April having bagged a late deal of £85 (room only) 2 days before via lastminute.com.  I was a little aprehensive, as I often am, having read some negative reviews but what I should have learned by now is that negative reviews generally only reflect the fussy personality of the person writing them.  All were unfounded. I asked for a non basement room via email and my request was accommodated with an extremely spacious, well appointed room (no. 41) on the top floor.  The gorgeous antique lift (one of the oldest still in operation in London we were advised by the porter!) stops at floor 3 so it is up 1 flight of stairs which is no inconvenience at all to an able bodied person but would be to somebody with some physical disability; these…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",super!,"Staff friendly,helpful,proffessional.  Excellent location, close to many option.  Great value for mony.   Convevient comfortable room,very clean.  The staff is just so great in everything they do.  Housekeeping staff were excellent.  I stayed in this hotel in the past,a few times and at the present stay(march 2013) I can feel and see a great improvment.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel!,"The Hotel location is very good and convenient. Staff and Service very efficient. Cleanliness very good. My experience is based on many visits to London during the last 2 years, staying in many other hotels in different locations. I liked the Colonnade, as it has a very familiar size, and therefore the service is more personal.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"We had a pleasant stay at the hotel - comfortable, clean rooms and friendly and accommodating staff.  The hotel is in a cute, quiet neighborhood with a couple of good restaurants and pubs nearby.  Best of all, the tube station was a block away.  We will definitely look to stay here on our next visit.  ",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1455-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect London Home,Great hotel in a quite residential area next to Warwick Ave tube station.  Hotel and rooms are furnished with great taste. Our room as a whole and the bed in particular were very comfortable. Really nice bathroom. Very attentive staff. Rarely felt so fine away from home! Best London hotel I've been to so far.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, Perfect for our anniversary!","We booked as a secret hotel room on lastminute.com and got an AMAZING rate.  The hotel itself was lovely and the staff inviting.  The gentleman that took us and our luggage to our rooms was fab - he warned us about the lift - an original feature that is still in good working order and stops with a bit of a bump... we found it charming!  Our room was lovely, clean and spacious, the bed comfy. The little touches such as asking if you would like still or sparkling water in your room, an introduction to the hotel cat Millie (usually found lounging by the fire in the lobby) and allowing us to leave our luggage after check out so that we could enjoy our final day were much appreciated.  The hotel is really great being so close to the tube, you can be in central london in minutes!  We…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value, excellent staff and convenient location","Managed to get a ""Top Secret"" room on lastminute.com. Absolutely brilliant hotel at a bargain price. Very close to Warwick Avenue tube station and even closer to a bus stop. We visited 3 hours before check in time to see if luggage could be left and was able to check in a this time as the room was ready. In addition was able to leave luggage safely behind after check out and collected some hours later so that we could have a full day out in London.  The room was very nice and clean. Would definitely visit again.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,Stayed here as a romantic treat with my girlfriend and what a lovely hotel. Hotel is well located and our room was great. Staff were very friendly and helpful We had dinner in our room which was delicious and breakfast the following morning was a real treat.  Definitely be back,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet but central location,"I stayed here with my 9yr old daughter on a short trip to London. The hotel is ideally located being close to the Tube and near Paddington. We strolled along the canal on Sunday morning, traffic free, as far as Camden.  The room was well appointed, bed comfy, we had magazines and water in the room too.   I left my phone charger behind but and emailed the hotel. They duly called me and arranged to post the charger to me. Excellent.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1460-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, very comfortable hotel, delicious breakfast","I got a good deal on this hotel with Lastminute and wasn't disappointed. The hotel has a lovely old-fashioned feel. There's a hotel cat and a lift that should be in a museum. I was on the very top floor which you need stairs to get up to, but the room was really comfortable and welcoming.   The hotel is in Little Venice and there's lots of great places to eat.  Breakfast was really deliciious. I would definitely come here again.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"A great stay in this lovely hotel. Service was very good from start to finish, rooms warm and comfortable. Breakfast extensive and well cooked. A good pub, The Prince Alfred, just round the corner was handy.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny room...,"On arrival we were happy with the hotel, until we got into our room.  Prior to arrival I had advised that we were travelling with a 7 month old and would be bringing a travel cot.  Even though the hotel was no where near full we were given the smallest room - so small in fact that we couldn't put the cot up and our baby had to sleep in the bed with us.  The bathroom also didn't have a bath so I was forced to wash her every day in the bottom of the shower.  Why we were not given a larger room is beyond me.  The room would have been a squeeze with two adults, let alone the addition of an infant.  This hotel has the potential to be really good given the reasonable rates and proximity to central London.  Unfortunately the management is not currently up to scratch.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Another great stay,"I have been at this hotel a number of times, as an usual it's been another excellent stay. I had a great room with all mod cons, and a very confortable 4-poster bed.  Breakfast was very good with a nice buffet with all necessary available and affable staff. Nice little touch they provide complimentary fruit (apples), water, and newspapers in your room. Complimentary robes and slippers available, as well as a safe. Although they could do with more hangers in the wardrobe, but I didn't ask for more which I'm sure I could have.  Nice bathroom and toiletries (White Company shampoos - very nice!); very good quality towels.  My only recommendation for the hotel: it's time to give the bathroom floor of room 24 some TLC.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Rock Bottom Basement,"I booked here on the last minute app Hotel Tonight; BIG mistake. I was given a room in the basement; well appointed BUT the noise from the Bakerloo line that runs under the property was impossible to sleep through. When I first heard it I asked if I could be moved; answer a flat NO - despite the fact that they weren't full. I realise that when you check in on these last minute cheap deals, you shouldn't expect the Presidential Suite; I certainly didn't and would have been happy with a small room, no view, less well furnished even happy in the basement etc BUT the prerequisite of any business hotel stay is to get a good night's sleep. This room was just not fit for purpose, I suspect the others in the basement will be the same. What was worse though was the attitude of the staff…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1465-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice, no complaints","My husband & I stayed for one night. The hotel was clean, beautifully presented with very good service. Our room was a nice size and everything was very clean. There were some cracked tiles in our bathroom & builders rubble left in nooks and the celing looked as if there was some water damage, but this didn't detract from our stay, just a little unnecessary. We stayed during a very cold February but we were toasty warm inside. However as the surrounding area is very quiet, it would have been preferable to visit when the weather was nicer as there is little to see and do close by. The breakfast was very nice but this too could have been better enjoyed on a nice day to fully take advantage of the beautiful surroundings.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Just the job!,"The Colonnade is a beautiful former townhouse located only two minutes walk from Warwick Avenue tube station. The setting is fantastic - Little Venice is a picturesque and quiet pocket of London which is well worth exploring. There is a small but perfectly formed parade of cafés and eateries just behind the hotel (try the Red Pepper for an authentic Italian pizza!). We booked via Secret Rooms which meant good value but a basement room...expected this having read other reviews and yes, you can hear the Underground, but this kind of adds to the character. The room was small but clean and well appointed, with a very comfortable bed and good shower. The staff were friendly and efficient. However the decor and furnishings were rather tired and dated - not quite the 'boutique' feel as…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, a little out of the way.","We stayed at this hotel back in October for one night when we first arrived in London. We wanted a hotel close to where a friend lived, and this ended up being perfect for that.   It was a little hard to find because there was some scaffolding on the outside of the building. We arrived and were wandering around the neighborhood for a while before we noticed the name of the hotel in the tile on the walkway... but hopefully that was temporary and now it looks like the photos again. And once we got a hang of it, it was really convenient to the tube - you just exit, make a ""u"" turn, and walk straight across the street, past the church, across another street and you're there!  I was a little disappointed that our room was on the basement level. I paid extra for the larger ""club""…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent !,Stayed for 3 nights over new year. Excellent hotel stunning breakfast and great value for money.  Loved the hotel cat! Staff very helpful and friendly. For New Year's Eve in London it was very well priced. Will Definately return.,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Faultless service and facilities,I booked a night here using a last minute website and was very pleasantly surprised for £135 per night (excl breakfast).  Situated about 12 minutes walk from Paddington Station this hotel is located in the Little Venice area. I recommend taking one stop on the tube to Warwick Avenue and not walking as the route is quite dark and lonely at night.  The hotel is very comfortable in both the reception and  room and has a general calmness about it. The wireless network operates fairly quickly everywhere and they  hand out password vouchers for all devices FOC.  The four poster bed was comfortable with a large flat screen TV and an ultra clean bathroom.  An excellent hotel which was a bargain for central London.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1470-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worst ever afternoon tea!!,"We paid £29 for two people for a champagne afternoon tea.  The champagne was Prosecco - how can you advertise it as Champagne Afternoon Tea and serve Prosecco??  We had 3 finger sandwiches each, ham, cream cheese and cucumber and egg mayonnaise.  A scone each, a chocolate brownie each and about 4 small cakes between us.  The room was bare wooden tables and was more like their small breakfast room.  I complained to the waitress and she said she would arrange for her manager to call me the following day.  That was a week ago and I have not received a call.  I asked if anyone ever paid £64 for this as in my mind it wasnt worth even £29.  I was told that it had all been vouchers.  If you would like a nice afternoon tea - dont go here!!",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Gorgeous room,I'm pretty impressed at the rate I paid but I wouldnt pay more. The room- Club- is gorgeous. The luxury traditional style allows for some more dated mahogany furniture. The room is spacious with lovely furnishings. It is impressive when you walk in. When you go for a 'secret room' deal you expect the lower quality room available. The linen and towels are of good quality however I'm not a fan of the smell as I like a washing powder smell! The bed is comfy. I just wish it wasn't two singles fastened together as a double as I like to sleep in the middle of the bed! I'd be intrigued to see the other rooms as the style range looks great! I like the look of the room(s) with the mezzanine level!   Lovely touches such as fresh up to date magazines and The White Company toiletries.  …,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed 3 Times - Ask for a high room,"I've stayed at the hotel 3 times, because my brother lives nearby, and they have a neighborhood rate for friends of neighbors. The first two times I was happy - once we ended up in a unusual loft-room for a low price. But the last time we were in a tiny basement room. Bed etc. were all good, but the combination of tiny and dark was unpleasant. My recommendation is to say you don't want a basement room.  The location is unusual for tourists, but I like it. You can walk along the canal to Paddington and the Heathrow express, the little neighborhood center (Formosa Street) is great for breakfast and grabbing the papers, and Warren Street is a quick trip to Oxford Street and Picadilly, while the neighborhood is quiet.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beatiful & Peaceful,"Excellent hotel, amazing room & so peaceful/relaxing & right at home. My partner & I stayed 1 night and we wished we could have stayed longer. When we return to London we will stay at The Colonnade. Awesome birthday present - Thanks TT & Sandy.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel!,"I have loved my stay at the Colonnade Hotel. My room was peaceful, clean, attractive and had every amenity needed to give me an added feeling of comfort. All elements were thoughtfully designed and implemented.  The neighborhood is convenient for all of London and yet quiet. Buses and the underground (Warwick Avenue) are just around the corner.  The staff has been exceptionally friendly and helpful. Minnie the resident cat has been the perfect hostess. Thank you for making my time here so perfect.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1475-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pretentious glorified motel,"I am currently at this hotel having used Lastminute to secure a booking.   This must be one of the most overly rated, glorified motels I have stayed at anywhere in the world. It is located on the railway line so every train passing underground creates a cacophony of noise and vibration. Check out time is 11.30 whereas check in time is 2 pm. They fastidiously do not allow late check outs and take pride in being rude, patronising and dismissive in response to any request for a late check out.  They seem to pride themselves on using old, bedraggled antiques in their rooms so consequently the beds shake (when everything else shakes), double beds are made up of two mismatched and mismatched sized beds and the mattresses seem also to be from another age.   If this reads like a surly…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Could be a great hotel.,"I should say that I normally tell my friends that if a hotel is clean and friendly, I am very happy.  Unfortunately, this hotel was neither, and had a few other problems.  When checking in, I was given a room that was so small that I could not even fit my suitcase inside of it without contorting my body completely.  I requested a change, and I was first offered a room with a loft bed with no railing.  Finally I was placed into a satisfactory room, which, admittedly, was quite nice, except for the moldy, leaky shower.  They also tacked on a lovely 60 extra pounds a night for the change.    The wifi is so slow as to be barely usable, and while I was sitting in my room, someone knocked on the door, came inside without waiting for an answer, and checked what food I had eaten from…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic service,"I visited the hotel with some friends after one of our party found an online voucher to have afternoon tea at The Colonnade. Upon arrival we were greeted immediately and offered a seat while our table was prepared- our wait was only momentary before we were lead to the dining area and greeted by our friendly waitress, Pippa. The space itself was bright and spotlessly clean. The tea itself consisted of a varied selection of tasty morsels, with pleasant twists on the standard fare you expect from afternoon tea including slices of organic fruit cakes and a miniature cheesecake all beautifully displayed. Pippa's attentive service throughout was charming without being overbearing and all in all, left us eager to return!",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"For my birthday, myself and four friends decided to go to London for an afternoon tea and found a greal deal to go to the Colonnade. I didn't quite know what to expect but it could not have been better. The dining area was beautiful and nice an airy and the food itself was great - everything got eaten very quickly! There was a nice selection of cakes, some little sandwiches, a glass of champagne each and limitless pots of tea! The staff were also fantastic. In particular our hostess Pippa was great, she was so attentive and couldn't do enough for us, and yet wasn't overbearing and we could still relax and enjoy ourselves. Great experience all round and even though we did not stay the night and didn't see the rest of the hotel I certainly wouldn't hesitate to go back!",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Smallest Room,"I stayed at The Colonnade in late January and booked a single room on a late deal. I got a room for £60 which is great for London but as I saw other good quality hotels with great offers I guess it was a tough period generally.  Although it was £60 the room was absolutely tiny. The length of the room was as long as a single bed plus about 12 inches and the width was the size of 2 single beds. There was a separate en suite shower room which you could squeeze into but. It was so small the door could not open fully as it hit the toilet.  I guess the double rooms are roomier as the receptionist did ask if I had anything from the mini bar, which made me laugh considering a mini bar would take up 20% of the available space if I had one in the room.  They are having a joke trying to…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1480-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Always a pleasure,"The Colonnade is a lovely boutique hotel situated in Little Venice, staff are always welcoming, always happy to help. Rooms are all tastfully decorated and all mod cons. Well located with a number of bars and restuarants nearby. My only complaint is that they closed the bar last year and they do not have their own restuarant.  Keep an eye out for Mini the hotel moggy, be too friendly to her and you might just find her camped outside your room meowing to come in and spend the night on your bed!!",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in December. The room was lovely with a four poster, chesterfield and armchair plus mirrors, rich furnishings etc. The linen was crisp and the bed was comfy, The staff fell over themselves to be helpful and were brilliant. The only down side was the breakfasts. They were awful. Talking to a couple who had stayed there before, their advice was to do as they did, not pay a breakfast rate, and nip around the corner to a little cafe. We will definitely go back to the hotel, but not the breakfast table.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",nice,"nice hotel in good location, generous sized room Staff were polite No bar or restuarant which was a shame but there is a great pub just next door - The Prince Alfred - and the hotel did do a great breakfast - generous buffet and huge ""full english""",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charm and elegance,"We stayed at The Colonnade on Christmas Eve as a dry run before spending our first couple of nights there as a married couple. Having seen some of the reviews below we were almost tempted to cancel, and I am so glad we didn't. We had room 35, a generously sized standard double on the third floor. There was separate seating, a walk in closet, delightful ensuite with powerful shower and a number of careful little touches like complimentary robes and chocolates, along with a well-stocked mini bar. The concierge was happy to book us a minicab to take us across town for Christmas lunch with the family and very helpful. The decor of the room was lovely and the whole experience so good we decided to stay for both nights after the wedding rather than relocating to one nearer the…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wow!!! A lovely stay in a lovely hotel,"What a lovely hotel this is. We cannot fault it in anyway. The staff were amazingly courteous and helpful at all times. We were shown to our room, via the lovely old lift, and told about everything in our room, which was a nice touch. We had a lovely four poster bed which was very comfortable. The room was very well appointed with lots of nice touches... fruit in a bowl, complementary water, robes and slippers, tea and coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board, sterio player and tv, mini bar, plus lovely fluffy towels and toiletries. The breakfast was lovely, we had the continental, with plenty of choice. Millie the cat was also very friendly!  Thank you to all the staff for making our stay very pleasant and comfortable.  Anna Taylor",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1485-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite as boutique as we thought...,"We booked this for a Saturday night stay via lastminute.com. First impressions were good-classy part of London and free parking at the weekend. Our room was small and dark but ok, if we didn't mind the occasional sound of the Underground beneath us! When we arrived, we asked reception to book a taxi for us-big mistake! The ""taxi"" arrived but we suspect it was a minicab belonging to a relative of one of the hotel staff! He used a satnav (without asking us for a postcode!) to get us to our approximate destination and proposed dropping us in the middle of nowhere, fifteen minutes late, in the pouring rain! Also, his English was a bit dubious! When we mentioned this to Daniella on reception, she said there was nothing she could do! Coincidentally, the same applied to our bathroom…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade. Hotel.    A   Welcoming experience.,"After reading various reviews about this hotel, we ""checked in"" with some trepidation on Tuesday last.  We could not fault any aspect of our stay. The level of customer service was really good. Nothing was too much trouble for staff.        Ripon, particularly, was extremely helpful and even showed us the JFK bed which we heard about whilst on a ""London Walking Tour"" in the local area of Little Venice. We'll certainly be back Mr and Mrs. C.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade: There are better options out there,"We stayed at The Colonnade in early December, after booking through a third party website.  I know that London is expensive and we decided to spend a little more for this ""four star hotel.""  The location is good - right across the street from the tube station.  The hotel marketers say that it is ""5 minutes from Paddington"", but please know that this is by car, not on foot.  We did walk to Paddington during our stay and it took us about 20 minutes from the hotel doorstop to being inside the Paddington station.  The hotel front desk staff were extremely indifferent and unhelpful and there always seemed to be people hanging around in the little lobby area. As an example, when we checked in, there was a financial advisor in the lobby counseling clients, and this type of visitor was…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Pleasant Boutique Hotel - Close to the Tube, Some Nice Touches","I was looking for an affordable hotel near Paddington and had gotten an email from the Eton Collection (I'd stayed at one of their other properties that was fantastic!).  So I thought I would try this one.  I was upgraded to a larger room - high ceilings, comfortable bed, robes for your convenience, fresh water supplied to your room each evening and free Internet (although it was a little awkward that I had to get a different log-in/password every day).   On the downside, no heat in the bathroom - which would have been OK, except the windows were old and drafty.  I was also a little disappointed with the evening front desk attendant.  Not very friendly and wasn't very helpful in answering some of my London questions.  However, the nice young man that helped me with my luggage…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Room Burglarized: Not Recommended,"I booked The Colonnade through laterooms.  Location was pretty good -- when you come out of the front door of the hotel, you can see Warwick Station on the Bakerloo line across the way, so it is convenient to the tube.  Picadilly is a bit of a hike, about 15 to 20 minutes, and across some busy streets.  The hotel itself is a bit tired and in need of refurbishment, and the staff fairly indifferent.  This, however, is inconsequential to what happened during our stay:  our room was burglarized and we experienced significant loss of possessions (laptop, electronics).  The room was not forced open and someone used a keycard to gain access.  The police were called and a report filed, and the constable that attended mentioned that he had been to a similar incident at The Colonnade…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1490-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not very good - tired.,"We had two rooms here, a standard and a deluxe on the first floor.  I used to live close by and remember the Colonnade being converted in 1999 – internally it feels like that was the last time it had any attention.  You can see where they’ve been patching up with the filler and numerous paint drips on the furniture and carpet, but you can’t get around the fact there is no grout in the floor tiles, mould on the window sills, bath chrome taps are worn away from abrasive cleaning,  the carpet smells etc, etc. The rooms just scream ‘refurb overdue by five years’.  Sure the outside has just been painted, but Little Venice leases demand that every six or so years, it’s a pity they did not do the inside at the same. If that’s planned all well and good, but they still took my money in…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"We were going to a black-tie dinner at the Hilton Metropole but wanted to avoid a big, commercial hotel and big, commercial prices. We found this lovely boutique hotel through Late Rooms and weren't disappointed. The hotel was gorgeous and unpretentious, the staff unfailingly polite and the service spot on. We even had a delivery of a free bottle of bottled water to the room without requesting it. We were given a discount on the breakfast, which was individually and freshly cooked, and the breakfast room was lovely, with a glass ceiling allowing us to look up into the clear blue sky. Having booked out we then had a lovely walk around Little Venice - the finale to a wonderful, relaxing stay at the Colonnade.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What an amazing stay!,"Me and my partner stayed at The Colonnade over the weekend for our special occasion. We chose this hotel for its location-near Paddington Little Venice, Warwick Avenue Station and its surroundings- little coffe shops and restaurants. The hotel staff was ever so attentive and friendly. The room was ready for us at 11am-five star service! The room itself was something I would imagine in a grand hotel would offer-spacious new decor at the same time we felt like at home, it was cozy and warm.  In the morning we were greeted at a lovely breakfast room by the staff that remained curtious throughout and were offered a choice of cold and hot selection of foods. Once again we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! All in all our stay exceeded our expectations by a mile and we will most definitely…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",great visit,Hotel is a real gem.this was the second year that we were fortunate to stay here. The staff were very helpful and the breakfast chef was msot accomodating. Rooms were modern with all of the facilities and we slept like angels on the comfortable duvet.The location is outstanding close to a tube station and a short walk to the canals and Paddington.We hope to return soon!,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Return Visitors,"We stayed for 4 nights, very good location, mix of business and pleasure. Have stayed before and would recommend. My wife had to wait for a breakfast table one morning but not too long. The room was clean and spacious for London. We will stay again. Great pub next door, and would recommend the 'Red pepper' restaurant round the corner.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1495-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel in London, very British","One of the best hotels in London, ideally located opposite Maida Vale Tube station (Barkerloo Line) and just a short walk to Paddington. Very quite, leafy, and posh neighbourhood.  Very traditional type of hotel, very British and lovely large rooms with high ceilings. Best hotel and good value to stay in the Paddington area; and have even already seen some TV celebrities there too. Very good breakfast!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"We loved this place -- excellent, helpful staff and very comfortable room.  It is only a block or so from the Underground and in a quiet neighborhood with shops and restaurants just a few blocks away.  Although the hotel is very old, it has been updated with all the modern conveniences and nice furniture.  For history buffs, Sigmund Freud stayed there for a while early in his relocation to London from Vienna.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I return again and again,"The Colonnade is incredibly charming. I look forward each year to returning and going to the Prince Alfred Pub just next door, seeing Minnie the cat, and all of the little touches like personalized cards on arrival and classical music playing when you enter your room to compliment the ambience. I'm glad to see they are making some upgrades as there are a few things that need it aesthetically, but the decor, bed, rooms and overall quality is perfect for me. It's definitely a boutique hotel and doesn't come with frills like a fitness facility or anything, but it's perfect for relaxing and getting away from the hustle and bustle of business travel, and ideal for a couples getaway in London. The neighborhood of Little Venice is a gem and the colonnade is surrounded by three…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Charming, discreet, welcoming!","We stayed at this charming hotel on Thursday, 1st November, we have family who live nearby and this was a very convenient place to stop over! We were so impressed that we shall most definitely visit again, access is so easy from the Colonnade, the tube just across the road, a quiet leafy place to chill!!  The team are obviously very happy in their environment, we didn't meet the Manager but credit to him for employing such a great bunch!  Minnie the cat was also most welcoming, she most certainly deserves her title, 'Customer Services Manager', we came home quite late from dinner locally and she was there to welcome us!!  Rm 32 was great, the lift not for the faint hearted but we loved it!!! Breakfast was freshly cooked, a big plus! Well done everyone, we shall be in touch…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A little bit of luxury.,"Our son was on a flying visit from Australia and was staying at The Colonnade, so we booked in too-just for one night and the staff could not have been more helpful. Parking is at a premium in Little Venice but the hotel Manager allowed us to park our car in their very small 'yard' for just £20. Our room (no 36) was beautiful. Very nicely furnished, spacious and comfortable. We were on the third floor and it was quiet and peaceful. The Colonnade is not cheap but for a treat it's just lovely.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1500-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful hotel, great location, but a few negatives...","We stayed at The Colonnade in October 2012 for one night and we were hoping for a ""tranquil"" break as advertised on the hotel's website.  To ensure we had a good room we contacted the hotel a few days prior to our arrival and asked to be allocated in a quiet part of the hotel.  When we arrived we were shown to our room on the ground floor. However, we later found out that we were directly above the bar. Music was played loudly, so we asked reception how long it would go on for. We were told 11pm - this in fact turned out to be 12am.  My husband asked for another room but was told that there were no free rooms available.  The duty manager closed the door downstairs to try and remedy the problem but when the music is coming through the floor there is not much you can do about it. …",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",pleasant but a little shabby,"My stay was comfortable for the most part. I found the room too hot so had the window open as wide as it would go. Little Venice is a delightful part of London and is well worth spending time in. The hotel is very handy for this, but also the Number 6 bus and the Bakerloo Line. You can even walk into W1, down Edgware Road. There are some niggles. The safe in my room wasn't working, the internal phone line was bad and my room had a slight smell of mildew. The bed was comfy, a bit too soft  actually. The main thing was the bathroom which needs refitting and new tiled floor. I'm glad I tried it, but i wouldn't visit again.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden Gem,"Been staying here about once a month during the last 2 years. Welcoming. Traditional ,slightly old fashioned, feel is great and so different to the chain hotels. Cooked breakfast is first class. Wifi system needs improvement-- they issue a 24 hour coupon with limited downloads. Extra coupon is available on request but speeds are slow and little use to travellers who might want to watch online tv. That is a very small criticism and should not detract from a lovely small hotel.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming but NOT Perfect,"Having stayed here numerous times several years ago whilst on business, I thought it would be lovely to go back and re-visit the hotel and the area for a leisure break. They are both still wonderfully beautiful, in fact even better than I remember on the whole, but I think we got unlucky with our room allocation. I wouldn't say it spoiled our break, but it certainly wasn't the stay in the lap of luxury I was hoping for. Our room (no. 24) was a Deluxe Double, but has certainly seen better days; some of the furniture and fittings were rather tired and the bathroom is in desperate need of renovation. Photos I've seen on here and elsewhere suggest some rooms have been refurbished fairly recently, so I guess it's pot luck which you get, but that's the same with a lot of old hotels…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect boutique hotel,"Perfectly located for us (close to our daughter's home, but also close to Little Venice and a minute's walk from Warwick Avenue tube station), this is a welcoming and very comfortable hotel with spacious rooms and without the costs of central London.  The staff are excellent (aided by the hotel cat, clearly the dominant force in the hotel) and made us very welcome.  The hotel offers breakfast only, but there are half a dozen very good, not too expensive restaurants within a five minute walk, some much closer.  The best value we have found in London",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1505-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet base for exploring London,"The Colonnade is located in a quiet, leafy area between Maida Vale and Little Venice and, as well as being handy for Lord's (which is why we chose it), is just across the road from Warwick Avenue Tube station, making access to central London quick and easy. A former boarding school and women's hospital, it has an old fashioned feel to it (the ancient lift, especially) but the rooms are very comfortable and feel a little more individual than in some hotels. There is no bar or restaurant but there is a nice lounge (decorated with gorgeous smelling fresh flowers) in which you can relax. The resident moggie, Minnie, is often to be found patrolling the room. Just round the corner, seconds away, are some nice bars and restaurants and a great coffee shop. There are plenty of places to…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect hotel in a perfect location,"My wife and I have just returned from a super weekend in Little Venice .The Colonnade Hotel is a perfect base for exploring this delightful area. Warwick Avenue tube station is just 1 minute away, and you can be in the West End in 15 minutes. Staying here is like being in a luxurious town house. Our room ,32 was absolutely gorgeous and had all possible comforts. All the staff we met were very helpful and had time to point us in the direction of local restaurants and bars. All in all a perfect weekend .",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A good deal in London,Charismatic and perfectly located hotel for visiting central London sights yet still in a peaceful location next to Little Venice.  Room we had was small but all modcons and good value.  Service excellent from the moment we stepped into the reception - well done chaps!  Nice cafe within walking distance called Raouls and Warwick avenue tube station literally on the doorstep.  Easy and free parking outside the hotel from Friday 18.30 til Monday 08:30.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely British vibe,"I've stayed in this hotel a few times whenever I needed to be around Maida Vale. I love that area and around the hotel there are plenty of cute cafes and restaurants. The hotel has a very British vibe which is quite nice, the rooms are a little small, but have big comfy beds. Overall in my opinion the hotel is overpriced.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Flawed perfection,"This is a grand building with a history (Alan Turing born there; Sigmund Freud stayed there; one of the oldest working lifts in London) in a good location, a minute from Warwick Avenue Tube near the canal ('Little Venice'). I stayed in a small but perfectly formed room. The positives are: a decent price for London; generally quiet; good bed and pillows; good staff; nice touches such as complimentary bottled water and morning paper, air conditioning, and free wi-fi; However, it was let down a little by some negatives: quilt with no alternatives (oner tog does not fit all); optional breakfast almost £20; two sets of prices for mini bar, reflecting different VAT regime; and heated towel rail in bathroom which did not appear to be able to be adjusted made it like a sauna. It is a…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1510-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Pretty Hotel, But Overpriced for Poor Service","Beautiful hotel inside and out, room was absolutely gorgeous, stayed in a junior suite with an amazing four poster bed - extremely comfortable. Area is beautiful with little venice just down the road and wonderful restaurants around the corner. Easily accessible to the rest of London and loved the cat!! My partner booked this hotel for my graduation night as a surprise celebration, he booked a package which asked for chocolate, strawberry's and wine in the room on arrival. On arrival they appeared to have lost our resevation, although it had been confirmed only a week before - waited around in reception with no explanation, no welcome to the hotel and no apology for the wait. Finally shown to our room by a lovely gentlemen who provided the only good service we had in the hotel -…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming,"This is a lovely hotel in a nice quiet area of London.  The hotel has a lot of history to it which made the experience unique – as opposed to staying in a purpose built chain hotel.   It is decorated really nice inside and there are lots of added touches that make it a great place to stay.    The room was cosy and comfortable.  However, the room was very hot and I could not open the window very far.  I was unable to turn the radiator off in the bathroom, so the room was always very warm.  There is air-conditioning, but I did not have it on because it smelt mouldy and made my eyes itch.    The continental breakfast selection was not the best.  I would not recommend it.  The mini bar prices are very expensive.  I would suggest taking inventory of the mini bar as soon as you arrive…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location 10mins from the centre,It's 150 years old so things are a bit creaky and it's not Oxfotd St.... So I loved it! The decor is a little dated bit very clean and lots of interesting features. I loved the lift.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quality Accommodation and Excellent Service,"We stayed just for one night recently and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The reception was welcoming and whilst being shown up to our room we were given a brief introduction to the Hotel and it's history as we took off up to the third floor in what was once a stretcher lift when the building was in use as a small Hospital and is one of the oldest in use in London. The room was warm, comfortable and well appointed. We ate out at a restaurant in the street behind the Hotel where we enjoyed a very pleasant meal. Little Venice is a particularly nice location with good transport access and we will definately stay again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience,"Arrived v late, lovely bellboy took me to my room and gave me a historical tour of the hotel and room. Really enthusiastic and knowledgable. Got an upgrade to superior room. Quiet area so was able to sleep with windows open as it was hot in the room. v big comfortable kingsize bed but not much room to move around beyond that. It's and ex hospital/old period house so rooms will be on the small size unless you take a suite. good value and would recommend.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1515-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay despite poor reception,"We stayed at the colonnade for 4 days in jun 2012. Hotel was within 2 mins walk of Warwick ave station. We were offered room 401 upon check-in and i would like to warn future travellers against taking it up as the airconditioner was not working the porter had to hit it to start it up. The mattress had a huge indentation on the left side. The receptionist was quite hostile and insist we had been allocated this room and all rooms are the same. We were finally allocated room 448 by a staff from the hotel office. Other than this unpleasant incident, we had a wonderful stay at the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",my favourite hotel in london,"walking distance to Lords,and near a tube station. this quirky hotel,is both a bit glamorous and a bit homely depending where you are in it!full time cat, great tapas restaurant attached, interesting rooms , and of course you are in Little venice which is a delight in itself. wish the tapas restaurant was open every day as I normally find at least one night its closed when I stay! breakfast is okay but not as great as it could be. friendly, and a definite keep going back once you have tried it.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous boutique hotel in Little Venice,We love this spot.   The hotel is small but efficient.   Rooms (we stayed in a studio with four poster bed on this trip) are a really good size for the relative price.     Little Venice is gorgeous - excellent restaurants in the street by the hotel - and more choice close by in Maida Vale.    It is just 10 minutes on the efficient Bakerloo line to Central London.    We've stayed here many times - this time was business but also a good place for families and couples.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Overall very good + a few nice extra touches,"Had the tiniest of tiny single bedrooms (#38), but that's an entirely fair deal as I was booking a ""small single"" in the first place.  Room was well appointed with coffee/teamaking facilities, well kept and clean bathroom, a guest bathrobe and TV + free WiFi. Fully adjustable A/C in room. The building itself has an intriguing history (including a past as a former hospital, hence very old and charming elevator big enough to carry stretchers inside). Alan Turing (responsible for breaking the German Enigma scrambler codes during WW II) was born here back in their hospital days.  A couple of nice, extra touches included a turn-down service every night with the bed made up, curtains drawn an a choice of complimentary sparkling or non-sparkling water left in the room. At morning, a…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Clean decent size room for London,The room was clean and had a decent size room for London.  They where redoing the outside of this hotel when I was there. The elevator is old and shakes like crazy when it stops.  Kind of far away from sites but it's very close to Paddington Station and the Tube.  Free Wifi :)   Cough! Cough!,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1520-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not my cup of tea,"Maybe if I had a deluxe room it would have made  it better, but traveling solo I didn't think I needed it. But still it was out of the way for me. More in Suberbia where I wanted accessibility to the theater,etc  and all city activities. C  Cost me 36£ to go by taxi to the theater roundtrip.  Pleasant and obliging staff but not what I wanted or needed. Should have done more research.  Room exceptionally small. Couldn't fit all my luggage in, had to store it downstairs. Maybe lower floor accommodations are better because the elevator is really an antique to put it mild.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An 'OK' stay,"I stayed here for 3 nights in May.  The room was very nice with nice decor and plenty of space.  The bed was amazingly comfortable.  The hotel was perfectly located, about 100 yards from Warwick Avenue tube station, 10 minutes walk from St. Johns Wood, and in the middle of Little Venice.  The only thing I missed was no bar or lounge area to relax. As with other reviews, the breakfast is not worth it when there are places around and about doing breakfast for cheaper.  This is a boutique hotel as opposed to a large chain hotel in a quiet area and road so traffic noise is not a problem.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Romantic!,"An incredibly romantic hotel with old fashioned Victorian charm and wonderful, kind staff. Lovely area which is relaxing to come to after a busy day in London. The only thing which could be improved is the breakfast - not really worth the price...but otherwise quite fine.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice and comfortable,"Nothing much to say except that I slept well and everybody was quite nice at my arrival, during my stay, and when I left.   The only thing was that it was quite cold when I arrived. Their window was not properly insulated but the heater took care of it quite quickly.   The breakfast is simple and OK.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Everything you need and then some,"The Colonnade hotel is conveniently located near a tube stop and  bus stops.   My club double room had numerous amenities including ample closet space,  a hot water kettle with a complimentary selection of teas and coffee, ironing equipment, a hair dryer, small frig,  and a climate control system.   A turn down service in the evening included complimentary bottled water.  TV, radio, phone.    The staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms clean and well cared for.   There were fluffy towels, crisp duvet covers and pillow cases.   The room was well decorated and charming.   A complimentary newspaper was delivered each morning.    My only suggestion to the management was that the mattress could have used a topper for more comfort.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1525-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly positioned,"The Colonnade is perfectly positioned for Little Venice/Maida Vale and into central London on the Bakerloo line.  The room I had was a good size, nicely decorated, with plenty of hanging storage, iron/ironing board/CD player/TV and AC etc.  Had to summon the porter to help me switch the TV on but he said I wasn't the first to have to ask with that particular model.  Very helpful young man.  Bathroom needed a refurb but after pointing this out to the management I was assured that the bathrooms are the next part of their schedule- currently the outside is being re-painted.  Room was clean and tidy, complimentary bottle of red and some fruit, and free large bottle of water which was appreciated as I object to paying £4 a bottle like in some establishments these days.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice hotel,I had a lovely stay here.  Staff were very helpful (especially Borden who helped me with my bags - great asset to the team).  Room was lovely and clean.  Perfect for the tube stop to take me to my venue (was on a course). Very comfortable bed and good amenities.  Would go back.,Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Very please, exactly what I expected.","When first approaching the hotel, it looked ok, there is some scaffolding (april 2012) due to a refurbishment, but that did not affect my stay at all. Check-in was good and the staff were very friendly. They have a vintage lift which some like and some don't, doesn't seem particularly stable but I liked it nonetheless. The room itself was a single, with;  a bed, tv, no wardrobe but a place to hang things, tea/ coffee making facilities, and a bathroom. Just as you would expect. The room was quite small, though for the price I had it and considering its location it was expected. There are not many other services other than the room, and breakfast and room service but being in the heart of London it isn't far from anything you need. There was free wifi, which was very useful, and…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Character and convenience in a quiet neighborhood,"We have stayed at the Colonnade a number of times and keep coming back. It is a small hotel with London character, located in a beautiful residential neighborhood, yet with easy access to everything. The 43-room hotel joins two Victorian townhouses with the result that rooms come in various sizes and shapes, but all have wonderful bathrooms. The deluxe rooms are ample and charming; some of the petit doubles are on the small side for two—all have the same great beds. Staff members have always been most courteous, accommodating and helpful. The hotel is across the way from the Warwick Avenue tube station (Bakerloo Line), which is one stop from Paddington Station, the London terminus of the Heathrow Express. (We usually take the short walk between the Colonnade and Paddington,…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely old building and lovely location, but...","We stayed at The Colonnade as a couple for a romantic break, five weeknights in March. The hotel is situated in a lovely, quiet residential area, very close to the tube and buses, and a short 5-mins walk from the lovely row of local shops and cafes.  So far so good. The first room we got was a bit stuffy and in the ground floor, adjacent to the reception. We asked for another room, and that was taken care of immediately, and we got another one in the 3rd floor, which we liked much better. The building is old, and you basically hear everything that's going on in the corridors, when other guests come in late. We were lucky though, the other guests were quiet. The water pipes and the lift make some noise, but we found it charming and not too disturbing. What will possibly prevent…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1530-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful, comfortable, easy location and plenty of little touches","We stayed here one night in February whilst attending a wedding nearby. The staff were helpful and friendly, we loved the sumptuous decor, the roaring fire in the lobby, the hotel cat who casually stalked around the place and was happy to be cuddled! The room was a good size with adequate storage and a lovely bathroom. Some nice luxury/extra touches - robes and slippers were provided as well as a bowl of apples. The proximity to the tube station made it easy to find and there was a small parade of shops and restaurants just behind the hotel, including the olde worlde, characterful pub the Prince Albert (food service very slow!). Only downsides that I could mention were that breakfast wasn't included and was pricey (but we knew this when booking so made plans to eat elsewere),…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Little Gem but Bad Bread,"We stayed here in room 17 which is the Freud Suite. Its a grand room with the king size bed perching on a raised area above the lounge and a large window which makes the room very light. Beware if you are short as the bath looks very tempting but you do need a step ladder to get in and out of it. The room is also near to the lift which you can hear when it's quiet in the room, namedly if other guests come in late you do get the noise, it's famous for being one of the oldest lifts in the country. Service was excellent and the staff are welcoming and friendly. Overall the hotel has a feel of elegance but is certainly not too stuffy. The bed was very comfortable and the toiletries in the room were pleasant. Breakfast was good but for a hotel of this standard we would of expected…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",OK but !!!!!,"First impressions good. Pleasant building in a quiet street. Efficient check in and excellent spacious room. It is handy for the tube, less than a minutes walk to Warick Avenue station. Selection of restaurants just around the corner However the breakfast was awful. First morning we opted for a cooked breakfast which came lukewarm, greasy and obviously made from ""economy"" ingredients. Watery fruit juices and weak tea. Next day we decided to just have toast. Same poor fruit juices though and a very uninspiring buffet of fruit and cold meat.  The usual rip offs in the room, pay for WiFi. mini bar prices totally unreasonable (£2-15 for a small packet of crisps). When will British hotels get real and stop trying to rip off guests! Final rip off was their taxi service. Black cab from…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Well Located but the ""petite double room"" is really a single room!","We booked 2 nights last week-end and due to the price of the hotel room we opted for the ""Petite double room"". As per the website, it should have dealt with a minimum 13 sqm room, which should have been more than ok...   The hotel is well located, and the building is beautiful. The personnel in charge gave us a “Petite Double Room”  (Room 37), located in the 3rd floor, right in the front of the elavator (or should I say a former freight elevator). The room just looked like a shoe box of max. 8 to 9 sqm+ a 2.5 sqm bathroom (max 80 cm to 1 m large!). Everything in this room let us think that it was dedicated to a single occupier!! There were no room to put our cabin luggages, the wardrobe could only shed 2 coats and 1 jacket, there is only one night table, there is hardly space in…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Little Quirky,"Stayed for one night, lovely quite neighbourhood, handy for Warrwick Avenue tube. We booked the cheapest double of Late Rooms, small but very nice if a little quirky. Nice parade of shops on street to rear of hotel including cafes etc and fantastic, character traditional London Pub adjacent. Would definitely return",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1535-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Good ""non-central"" location with a lot of history though convenient","Completely remodeled in about 2000.  I have stayed there several times over the years and it is a good ""non-central"" location with a lot of history.  If you are wanting to be in the center of London it wont be for you.  Though, it convenient as it is one block from the Warwick tube stop with 22 minutes from Warwick to Waterloo station for example.  The rooms can be small and a and it can be pricey though London is in general any way.  Nice pubs and restaurants near by.  This is a nice safe residential area with Little Venice 3 blocks away.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Luckily, I'm not disabled or claustrophobic...","I stayed 1 night at this hotel, knowing I had booked a ""small"" room, which is commonplace in an expensive city like London, all the more in a high-end neighborhood. However, I did not know the room was actually the size of a dog house...  The bellboy was very kind and helpful, nothing to say about customer care. But when he carried my suitcase to the room and said ""I assume you know you're staying in the Cabin"", I started to wonder. And I soon discovered what he meant: a tiny room the size of a closet, with a steep ladder against a wall to reach the bed, nestled in a mezzanine... Those who tend to move in their sleep will stay in that room at their own risks (no safeguard rail to prevent you from falling 2 meters below...)   Almost no window, only a few tiny holes in the wall,…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"My boyfriend took me here for new years eve weekend. It was absolutly beautiful, in a perfect location, right by warick avenue station, also a five minute walk from shops, resturants and pubs. The breakfast is quite expensive, i had maple syrup pancakes, i was serve 2 small pancakes for £8, plus a £2 service charge but they were very nice, it was £15 for a full english. The room was beautiful we had a standard room, there was nothing to fault. We had a look at one of the suites and they are even better, definately worth the money. Would go back again, loved it.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Poor quality and pretentious,"Excellent location - shame about the hotel.  Instead of being comfortable and relaxing, our stay at the Colonnade was filled with stress and aggravation (no internet for three days, crammed rooms with no wardrobe space to unpack our things, broken bits of furniture, a window that did not open in the stuffy room).    The staff showed no ability or desire to sort anything out, repeating that things were 'not the hotel's fault' and referring to mysterious 'management' that we never met.  There were many other small signs of unprofessionalism.    Given the hotel's failure to provide the basic comforts, its pretence at luxury (chocalates on arrival, robes - old and pretty useless, pompous furnishings etc) is doubly irritating.",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",You can do better than this.,"I stayed in the Colonnade last month for one night only. I chose it due its' proximity to friends in London.  Originally I had looked on the hotel website for a room and was put off by the prices, however I got a really good deal on one of the ""last minute"" websites (I can't remember which one), so I went ahead and booked.  On arrival I was very happy with my choice, the staff were really attentive and friendly and the hotel has bags of character. Someone showed me to my room while giving a brief history of the building (including the lift, which is hilarious); all very pleasant so far.  On entering my bedroom, I was really disappointed with it. It was in need of some serious modernisation. There is ""old charming"" and ""old tatty"", this place was very much the latter.  The window…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1540-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Oasis,"Outstanding boutique hotel in excellent location.  My room was comfortable and well-appointed.  The bed was turned down, the radio tuned to a quiet classical station, and wine and chocolates were waiting.  I was in town for business and only stayed one night.  My next visit to The Colonnade will be with my wife for vacation. I was much taken with this nice property.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"We loved this hotel! Great location, friendly staff and very comfortable experience. We booked a suite due to travelling with our teenage daughter so there was a Z bed in the room. Unfortunately it wasn't very suitable but the next morning the hotel staff fully resolved the situation. We loved the complimentary wine and goodies and the bed was plush. I loved the locality and would definitely stay there again. The renovation to the hotel had absolutely no effect on the enjoyment of our stay.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Average experience,The first room we had - the curtains were ripped and stained as were  the lampshades. When we brought this to the attention of the head of housekeeping she was very defensive saying that it costs a lot to keep dry cleaning the curtains and bedding - she was not at all apologetic - quite rude actually. We moved rooms and whilst the curtains were not ripped they still had stains! I then went to iron a blouse and there was something stuck on the iron that I did not realize until after I started ironing the blouse which was ruined with a dark sticky stuff imprinted onto the collar of the blouse! Ben in the office was helpful but the front desk girl wasn't overly friendly and that housekeeping head was offensive. Would not stay there again! Also the beds were full size so small for…,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Almost everything about this hotel was excellent. Location – perfect. Residential are but minutes away from good links to centre or West End. The room – outstanding decor, shape, comfort, cleanness, decorations facilities – everything. Am not a fan of old fashion decor but on this occasion it worked perfectly. My room was perfect for longer stay or special occasions. The bed – the most important part of the hotel room for me – was massive and comfortable. The breakfast – this is where most hotel’s go wrong. But not The Colonnade. Good quality products (like sausage for example) were nicely cooked, pleasingly presented and quickly served in the morning. And the portions were reasonable. What worth mentioning also is location of breakfast room – you have to see it yourself. Nice…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great Value, no complaints, recommend taking negative reviews here ""with a grain of salt"".","This is the first review I have thus far ever taken time time to write here at T.A. Our experience at this hotel motivated me to want to make this review sound like an advertisement for them because they earned it. I have a business in the tourist industry and my tour company in Munich has accumulated over 600 reviews to date. Because of this experience I am going to write this the way I wish more of our satisfied customers would take their time to write their review about us. It's intended to be thorough, honest and helpful.  1) The location is outstanding. Only a one minute walk from the subway, it's in the heart of a charming and quiet, seemingly upscale neighborhood.  2) The general decor and the room were really lovely. We saw nothing to complain about at all other than…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1545-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Delightful Hotel,"Situated in a quiet location, with Warwick Avenue tube station a few footsteps away, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Colonnade.    Remember to look beyond the scaffolding on the exterior since the hotel is currently being refurbished - it's a beautifully understated building.  The decor was warm, luxurious and elegant.  The theme extended to our hotel room.  We received a warm welcome on arrival and the service experienced throughout was excellent.  I would highly recommend a stay at The Colonnade without hesitation.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and run down...,I stay in London very frequently on business and occasionally stay over for a weekend to enjoy the city. This was one such occasion and I thought I would try out the Colonade. I rely on user reviews and I can only say that my experience at this property was in stark contrast to the reviews I read. Obviously this hotel is intended to be quaint and of a traditional style. My first room was seriously awful... water marks on the ceiling and one of the lights which was burnt out was covered in mold. The bathroom was disgusting... the bath mat I would not even let a dog stand on. Gross. The room was very tired and run down including being dark and depressing. I called down and they offered another room which was better  but not much better. I decided to shorten my stay and it was one…,Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,During a business trip to London I stayed at the Colonnade Hotel for a couple of nights. I really liked this hotel. It is located in the heart of Little Venice and there a re nice pubs and restaurants arround. Warwick Avenue tube station is only a few steps away and gave me a good connection to all the places in London where I needed to go. My hotel room was really nice and the breakfast that I had every morning was of good choice and quality.,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay again at The Colonnade,"Just returned from another wonderful stay at the Colonnade in the little venice neighborhood of London. As other reviewers have noted, the outside of the hotel is currently undergoing renovations--therefore, there is scaffolding surrounding the usually lovely exterior, but it does not affect the inside of the hotel, nor are the workers noisy. The main effect is that the e-Bar is closed (it's the bar and tapas restaurant), as is the car park, and the terraces off the rooms that have those. I believe the renovations will end soon. However, this did not dampen our stay. The hotel itself is very homey, intimate, and a bit quirky. It is not generic in anyway. Each room is different and it's a mass of staircases and an old fashioned lift. I am not certain it would be comfortable for…",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed Twice in October,"We usually stayed in South Keningston, but decided to try Little Venice. A good choice. While the exterior was under renovation the interiors were all fine. Maybe not as many decoration style points as could be, but the location was excellent literally just 25 yds from the tube station. And, just around the corner on Fromosa street, is Toast and excellent espresso place and a magazine shop and a pub. The canals are a short walk away and a wonderful contrast to the hustle of central London. Our first room was very nice, all work well, and our second was just magnificent, the Garden Suite. Wow on all accounts!",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1550-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great Find and Great Value,"I stayed at The Colonnade last night and didn't arrive until 1.30am as I'd been attending an event in London.  I loved the feeling of this hotel as soon as I walked in and the man on reception made me feel very welcome when he informed me they were expecting me, he was also friendly and quite jolly despite the late hour.  Walking upstairs to my room on the second floor, the high ceilinged hallways and sweeping bannisters gave a real sense of being in a grand old house (the hotel started life as a private residence and was converted into a girls school before becoming a hotel).  On entering the room I found classical music quietly playing on the CD player, the lamps were on, covers turned back and a bottle of water waiting, making me feel even more welcome!  The room was small to…",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","very central,  lovely rooms","We stayed for 3 nights. The room was pretty but small for a Club room. Breakfast was not included which made the rate more expensive than we thought it was. Renovation work was in progress so there was lots of noise during the day time and one night the fire alarm went off, with no explanation then or the following day. The staff were all pleasant, and the lounge area at reception is pleasant. it is very close to the tube station and a short walk to the canal in a very quiet area.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet central location. Romantic nid d'amour.,"My girlfriend and I stayed here for one night.  I travel often to London on business and have become jaded by the big-chain hotels' charmless nature.  The Colonnade is the perfect antidote to chain-hotel-fatigue.  The room we had was relatively small but with ample room for two to move about, plenty of wardrobe space and a small seating area to look out across the rooftops of Maida Vale while enjoying our pancakes for breakfast.  The bed was super-comfy and the room had a feel of quality if not quite luxury.  We found the staff attentive and discreet. Nothing was too much trouble and one had the impression that everyone genuinely cared that you enjoy your stay.  Thank you. We will be back.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Loved our stay at The Colonnade.,"My husband and I stayed at the Colonnade for three nights and loved it.  The room was small but had everything in it that we needed.  Plus most London hotels will be small.  The bathroom was a very generous size.  Two sinks, large tub.  As other reviewers have noted, the shower tends to splash water outside of the tub but we just wiped it up with the extra towels.  The bed was very soft and comfortable.  It was a queen (American size).  There was a wardrobe with robes, hairdryer and safe inside.  The room also had a mini ridge stocked with soda, water, candy (for a price).  We cleared it out and stocked it with soda that we got at a convenience store just around the block.  much cheaper.  The room was very clean and well decorated.  The hotel is located a half a block from the…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fab little gem of a hotel.,"Stayed here as it was round the corner from Little Venice where our friends were with their narrowboat and we are very glad that we did. The hotel is smart and clean and they have a cat called Minnie, who is listed as guest relations manager, which my wife thought was lovely. The staff are friendly and attentive, (When we discovered our kettle didn't work, a new one was forthcoming five minutes later), and there was always someone on the front desk if you needed anything. We stayed in a petite room. They are small, but very cosy and, unlike some London hotels reviewed on the site, you can move about without problem. The beds are excellent and we slept like logs! The room had ample wardrobe and sitting space too and a lovely, powerful shower. Every night, when we got back, the…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1555-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",great alternative to chain hotels,"lovely botique style hotel, in quiet lovely area.  Warwick ave underground very close.  I felt perfectly safe walking from underground to hotel late at night.  my room was small but excellent value.  larger rooms are available.  The bed was the most luxuriou and comfortable I have ever slept in, sheer bliss.  Staff very courteous and helpful.  Restaurant and bar very good.  Free wifi. Close to Regents canal and little Venice.  Paddington station for Heathrow express very close. I am am a frequent user of hotels for business and holidays, and found the Colonnade a joy to stay at, in part because of its individuality.  Will definitely return",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, good location","We stayed in 2 room, a studio suite and a normal room. The suite was very nice but the bathroom was basic. The normal room was very small, hardly any space for suitcases, but nicely decorated.   The reception staff were polite but not very friendly. Breakfast was decent enough.   It's only yards from the Warwick Avenue tube station, which is about 5 stops from Oxford Circus. There is a very nice canal walk about half a mile away and some places to eat around there too. Around the corner are a few other places to eat.   Would stay there again, but it is pricey. ",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for our first visit to London,The Colonnade is an older but still a very elegant hotel in the Little Venice section of London. At first we thought it was located too far from the many sites we hoped to see during our 8 day stay but we were proven wrong. The Warwick tube station is just a few steps away from the front door. The Bakerloo  line runs to downtown and connects with all other lines along the way. It doesn't take long to figure out the tube system which is a marvel of speed and reliability. The city bus system is also a good way to get around town. Get an Oyster card at the tube station  if you are staying 5 days or more - it makes your London travels much easier. The hotel staff was great and friendly and more than williing to talk about London and the best way to arrive at certain places. The…,Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Returning to a Favourite,"We love this hotel . It is very intimate and comfortable with really tasteful décor . The rooms are clean and well appointed . The staff are most helpful and polite and of course there is Minnie the cat who makes the hotel unique, its a shame her picture does not appear on the room cards anymore ! Two niggles though - I do not like the idea of an additional £25 being taken from my  credit card just in case I took something from the mini bar  - I had to query this additional charge before an explanation was given. Although there is free wifi it is quite limited capacity and I was locked out after what I consider to be fairly minimal use. But don't let that put you off !",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it,Beautiful hotel and the rooms are lovely - very romantic.  Loved the cool lift!,Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1560-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Another wonderful stay at the Colonnade,"This is the second time I have had the pleasure in staying at the Colonnade, and again it surpassed my expectations. Wonderful four poster bed with the most excellent duvet and pillows, a small balcony and the attention to detail I love. Again the staff were helpful and gave great customer service. I can hardly wait for my next trip to London!",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",3rd stay as I love it,"Came to London 15/12 ago and loved my time at this hotel with my son and brought my husband this time. It is in a fantastic location, the tube is 300 metres away, it is quiet and very picturesque. The room was clean and very comfortable. The decoration was lovely and the staff were great. Alan Turing was born in the Hotel and Freud stayed there when he escaped from the continent.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice stay,A great boutique hotel that is well decorated and in an excellent location for decent restaurants and the metro.,Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great location...Poor Hotel,"I have to agree with Elena.  I choose this hotel mainly because of the location and the website gave me the impression that the hotel would be decent.  I wasn'y expecting a 5 star hotel given the price I paid for a stay in London but it certainly could have been better.  The room was very small, again no big surprise, but the double bed was hard to get used to in such cramped quarters.  We did not get washclothes in the washroom for 4 of the 7 days we were there and had to ask for them.  The best part of our stay was that the hotel is in a quiet residential area and is conveniently located near public transit - both bus and the tube.  There were a few quaint restaurants, pubs and deli's nearby and running along the canal in Little Venice was nice.  We did not try the breakfast…",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",it's not what I expected,It was dirty. It's falling to pieces. Breakfast was poor and awful. The CD player was broken. A 5* should be better and the personnel too should be kind as well. The other guests during breakfast were often talking on mobile phone. Not so polite. Twice I have been at the Academy (same Eton  Collection luxury hotel) and it was better.,Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1565-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not a great sleep,"The Colonnade is in lovely London location (upscale and quite scenic).  I’ve stayed at 2 of the other hotels in this collection – not just once - and loved every minute of them so the Colonnade has been on my list of hotels to stay at for a while.    Upon arrival it doesn’t disappoint - a beautiful converted old town house. A “small” hotel with a warm inviting feeling, old elevator, beautiful decorated and with a cat.  The (2) rooms which we saw were a strange mix of dated, small, luxury & tired.  One of the bathrooms smelled of damp.  As mentioned in a few other reviews we also contended with the intermittent humming sound all night.  The full English breakfast (£15 each) is unbelievably overpriced and I wouldn’t recommend it.    At its full price it’s not worth the money.  Had…",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","I'm fussy and even I liked it, no wait... I loved it!","It was our 11th wedding anniversary and I was determined to stay in a hotel room that would actually look like the pictures, as so often I have been disappointed by hotel rooms in the past.  Thankfully I didn't look at the trip advisor site prior to booking because had I done so the reviews would have put me off! When I telephoned the hotel the gentleman I spoke to was most helpful and when we checked in we were told that we had been given the best room in the hotel.  It was an utterly gorgeous room, decorated in the style of a true boutique hotel, it exceeded all my expectations.  So many hotels have impressive lobbies but the rooms are dreary and tired.  Not this one, all the charm of a private residence but facilities of a hotel. The room was spotlessly clean, towells were…",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","London boutique hotel, away from the noise and crowds, yet close to town.","The Colonnade Hotel is located in an area known as Little Venice, one stop from Paddington, and a short walk from the Warwick tube station.  The hotel is in a quiet upscale neighborhood, seemingly populated by yuppies, also near the Clifden Gardens neighborhood.   There are small restaurants and a thriving pub on the back street, Formosa Street, bustling with activity and tasty menu options.   Additionally, at the end of Formosa Street, where it meets the canal, two sister restaurants, The Summerhouse and The Waterway, offer excellent food and drink.  It was really nice to have quiet, comfortable nearby accommodations after spending the day in the crowded city.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","fantastic, convenient hotel with exceptional customer service","The Colonnade was perfectly placed just a few steps away from the tube, and just 15 minutes away from Oxford Circus. The room was comfortable with excellent bed, and importantly a duvet. I would definitely book it again.",Date of stay: July 2010,5.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing but excuses.,"We booked a deluxe room with in-room wi-fi, but they made a mistake and didn't have the room available when we arrived. All they had left was a standard room on the top floor, which smaller and required taking the elevator to the third floor and walking up a narrow flight of stairs. This was cute the first day and just plain aggravating by the fourth day. The hotel's in-room wi-fi was broken the entire stay and only available in the lobby, not broadband, and unable to support Skype. The room was small, the towel warmer in the bathroom scalding hot and unable to be turned off, and two of the reading lamps not functional. Staff friendly, but delivered only apologies and excuses instead of the services and quality that were expected. Wouldn't recommend.",None,1.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1570-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A thing of the past,"My relationship with this hotel could be described as a romance which gradually turned into a rather unpleasant tango.  Having stayed approximately eight times in the past eighteen months, I could say that I have experienced just about every scenario described in the reviews, and incidently, all the available room types to include the luxury suites.  If you want a peaceful night's sleep, forget all the rooms on the reception floor or the basement,   These will offer either the 'thump thump' of the music coming from the e-bar, or a simulation of an overnight 'couchette' train journey.   With the exception of the latter and the 'attic' rooms, the experience is  to a degree 'old world charm' but only to a degree as 'old world' should not equate to centuries' old dust and…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite up to scratch,"You can tell this is a non-smoking hotel immediately, not by the fresh air but by all the cigarette ends littering the street adjacent to the entranceway. Welcome was very cursory and departure even more so, with two staff ignoring us on the way out other than a quick sideways glance. Room windows were painted out to hide the non-view, used bathrobes were removed and not replaced, and kettle was so full of limescale as to be unusable, turndown service never happened. This latter meant we had to ask the porter for water on two occasions, and ask him twice each time. The hotel literature in the room proudly announces an associaltion with Alan Turing, who has a blue plaque on the wall outslide, but gets his birthdate wrong (1921 instead of 1912). This is a small thing but…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, peaceful location but close to central London","The Colonnade has the ambiance of a traditional London club albeit a modern and comfortable one. I stayed as it is close to Lord's Cricket Ground but it would be an ideal base if you were visiting central London being only a few meters from Warwick Avenue tube, giving easy access to anywhere in the capital.  Based in elegant Little Venice, there are many bars and restaurants within  walking distance. My room, while not large, was very comfortable and elegantly furnished. The public areas are also elegant and the staff friendly and helpful. The breakfast was delicious and freshly cooked.  It is worth pointing out that the rates are good - you may well pay twice as much for a hotel of this quality in a more central location..",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great start of honeymoon!,"The hotel was imaculate with friendly and helpfull staff. We were here for 2 nights and really enjoyed our stay. As it was our honeymoon (start of it) we even received a bottle of Champagne with compliments of the hotel, a very nice touch!",Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not good,"For our birthday(s) my husband and I decided to stay at the Colonnade as it looked beautiful and there was a deal for three nights with an ( uprgrade ) if possible. On arrival we were assigned a room and the porter proceeded to take us to it. As we got to the room he was called back by the Manager and another room was assigned. We were not told why this change was happening.  This 'new room was up a flight of stairs and into the attic. All the while, my husband carrying his suitcase and the porter struggling with mine.   The room was dark,the velux windo in the ceiling was dirty, the bathroom was absolutely ancient , with mould on the grey/white curtains and an opened bar of soap on the wash stand.  (I really regret not taking a photo of the bathroom)  There was also only 4…",Date of stay: November 2009,2.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1575-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",English old times style elegant hotel,"Stayed here for one night. Service and reception was friendly. The hotel is fairly small with at least 5 floors and a maze of stairs and corridors. The reception, and the hotel generally, has a nice elegant ""old fashioned"" touch to it. A lot of effort has been put into the details of each room and the furniture. The downside of the over 100 year old building is the slightly crampy and labyrinth feeling to it. The rooms are small - as is common in London - and there is not much extra space anywhere. The elevator is one of the oldest in London. Works perfectly but doesn't take you up to the top floor which therefore implies walking narrow stairs with suitecases in tow.   All in all, an elegant and idyllic hotel for those who like a sophisticated and charming feel to a hotel stay.…",Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming hotel within Little Venice - affordable luxury.,"We only stayed at The Colonnade for one night but due to it's location we were able to do a lot within 24 hours.  The hotel itself is full of old world charm from it's elevator (one of the oldest in London and worth a ride just for the amusement factor ;) to the very lush and  comfortable rooms. Service is as expected from a 4 star hotel. Nice touches like a welcome note from the manager to the usual robes and slippers. The bed was a little too soft (you felt a bit like you were constantly sinking) but for one night it was ok. Very comfortable and cosy. Location was great. An easy walk to the canals and lake for breakfast at the Little Venice boat cafe then a short stroll to Paddington station.  All in all, a marvellous hotel and location that I would happily stay at again.",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A real boutique hotel,We stayed for 3 days in this lovely hotel. It is close  to restaurants and Warwick Tube station is just a few minutes walk from the hotel where you could easily go to  any other Shopping area of London. You have the choice of riding the bus  which is nearby too.  Would recommend this hotel to family and friends and definitely will go back there again.  Minnie the cat makes her presence known so might not be suitable for someone with  cat  allergies.,Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",overpriced tiny cold room with no room service!,"We stayed here for a Friday night as it was close to Wembley - and for access in to central London and travelling back from Wembley it was great. The room was fourth floor, an attic room that was cold all night, poorly lit and with a bathroom that really needed a good clean - dusty dado rail, towel rail and shower head furred up with scale. Also, the wardrobe light did not turn off when the doors were shut so my partner ended up taking the bulb out in the middle of the night. The 'zip-link' twin meant that as a double the headboards were off centre and there was no bed side table on one side. Worst of all was our return at 11.45pm - the bar had closed early and we were told we could still get a snack from room service. We called down - a couple of times until we got an answer -…",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Chic Luxury,"This hotel provides a standard of service second to none. The rooms are tastefully furnished and meticulously arranged. Breakfast was more than one could expect, with every taste catered for. Located close to Little Venice, this is an ideal position - close to the city centre though there are many fine restaurants, bars, and pubs with character close by. We look forward to our next visit soon.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1580-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",charming,"this was my first trip to london & i was scared of what the hotel would be like, i also didnt want to spend $600 a night so Colonnade seemed like a good deal & wow it was, the hotel is so charming & elegant, from the lobby to the antique elevator...the staff was couldn't have been more friendly or helpful...we only had breakfast once which might have been a little expensive but it seems eating out in london is typically expensive, but the food was good & the service also..the room was very spacious & the bed so comfortable, there was a coffee/tea maker, iron, hairdryer, just about everything you would need...it is in a quiet residential neighborhood, we took the underground to get around so in just a few train stops you can be downtown...",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Warmth Not Matched By Many Hotels,"This was my second stay at the Colonnade.  As others have remarked, its in the peaceful,  residential neighborhood of Little Venice with the convenience of a 2 minute walk to the tube to quickly get you anywhere in the city.  On some sunny days I even walked back from Knightsbridge and Notting Hill.    My bed was comfy-cozy and room had all the amenities I required.  Loved how classical music would always be playing upon my return.  And this coming from a rock guy.  I had requested a specific room for my stay but it was occupied upon my arrival.  I asked the staff if I could move once it became available and they were more than happy to accomodate my request.   During my stay I found the staff to be friendly and professional - and of course Minnie was great.  Little Venice area…",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","A real boutique hotel - full of character, where one is treated as an individual","I recently took my girlfriend for a surprise night away in London, and I was delighted with our stay at The Colonnade. It is in a lovely residential part of the city, away from the hectic-ness of the centre, but very accessible to get anywhere.   Not knowing the city very well, the staff were extremely helpful both with guidance for transport links and with recommendations of places to go on the local area. My girlfriend fell in love with Minnie the hotel cat, and after a walk along the canal it was great to relax in the lobby (drawing room!) with the papers and a glass of (complimentary) port!  The room had plenty of character, not to mention a four poster bed, and compared with the many impersonal corporate-type hotels I often have to stay in this was a lovely change. I would…",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy and steps away from the heart of the city,"This hotel is close enough to the heart of London to enjoy all the sights, but tucked away in a cozy neighborhood where you don't have to hear all the sights round the clock! It always feels like a home away from home. Have stayed there several times, and hope to do so again.",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A little bit of heaven in Little Venice,"I have stayed at The Colonnade quite a few times and each time I have not been disappointed.  The hotel is very close to Warwick Avenue tube station and the nearest bus stop is literally just around the corner!  The number 6 will take you to Edgware Road, Marble Arch, Oxford Circus and on to the Aldwych so you can go to Covent Garden.  The Colonnade is truly a lovely hotel and I always feel spoilt when I go there.  Our room had a wonderful four poster bed which was comfortable and the duvet/pillows were super soft!  The room was also tastefully decorated and the bathroom had everything that you needed (the shower head was adjustable so it didn't matter what height you were!).  Water and chocolates were delivered at ""turn down"" which was a nice touch.  The hotel car park is…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1585-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nicely Appointed, Clean Hotel but somewhat disappointed with our stay.","The hotel is nicely decorated and clean but we were somewhat disapointed with our stay.   On the plus side, the hotel is located in a more quiet, residential part of town which was nice to come back to after walking the bustling streets all day.  The hotel is pretty, clean and has some interesting history.   The bed and bedding were VERY comfortable.  The pillows and comforter were fluffy, soft and welcoming.  I enjoyed hanging out with ""Minnie"" the Colonnade cat.    On the negative side,  we were on the 5th floor.  We took the small elevater to the 4th floor then had to manuever up tight, winding, low staircases.  Not  a good thing if you have luggage or are a tall/large person (neither of us are but still found it annoying).  The shower head in the bath was very low.  Not a…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a perfect location,"This hotel was booked for me as part of a romantic getaway by my partner.  I have stayed in a number of hotels over the years and I have to say that this definitely ranks as one of the nicest!    The room was spacious, immaculately clean, and filled with little touches such as a fresh cold bottle of water every day, a paper in the morning and chocolates on the pillow every afternoon.  You couldn't ask for more helpful or friendlier staff, and I am pretty difficult to please on this front.  The resident cat is gorgeous! The only thing that let this lovely hotel room down was, being on the ground floor, there was a little road noise.  However, the hotel is on a quiet street so it wasn't bad at all.   Parking is always a nightmare in London but we were very lucky and managed to…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Great little hotel, with obliging staff, great position","We drove down to Maida Vale from Peterborough, 2hours door to door. I used the car parking at the hotel which was not cheap at £20 per day but peace of mind was required! We had room 26 which has a 4 poster bed.... very comfortable and we both slept well from day 1, (which can be difficult in a strange bed) .The bed was turned up each evening and the chocolate fairy left a nice mint on the pillow.......all in all a lovely room.. she who must be obeyed loved it. The lift, which is the oldest one in London, was a bit temperamental while we were there, but the management soon sorted it out. The local area is clean, we had breakfast round the corner in Formosa street at a great cafe...(much cheaper and better than the hotel) I also recommend The Waterway pub on the canal, and The…",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely location but hotel was a little disappointing,"I treated my boyfriend to a night here as we were seeing a show close by and I really wanted to explore the delights of Little Venice. The website looked lovely and I liked the idea of staying in a bijoux boutique hotel rather than an anonymous chain, - however I would have expected more considering it's expensive.  We were shown to our room quite late as we arrived after the show and found we were down in the basement. Another reviewer commented on the musty smell here and I have to say I found the same thing. Our room was spacious and clean, but when we lay on the bed we found that rather than the double promised to us on the website for a club room, it was actually 2 singles pushed together. This wasn't very comfortable as during the night one of us would fall in the gap!…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A little gem in the heart of London,"This hotel was a pleasant little suprise. After reading reviews of other hotels in the area, I decided to spend a little more than usual for my first night in London and was very glad I did. The rooms were very plush, and of a very generous size, the bed was comfy and nice and clean. The service was very good, and nice and friendly too. The hotel is in a great area. Lots of nice restaurants, just a short walk from the canals at Little Venice, a short cab ride from Paddington (only a 10 minute walk without luggage), and just 2 minutes from Warwick Ave tube - so nice and handy to everything. I only have one small complaint. If you are in any of the lower rooms, you will hear the tube rumbling underneath you (comes with the area I suppose). It wasn't too bad as I didn't hear them…",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1590-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic hotel with bags of character!!!!,"Just spent Easter here and loved it! The hotel’s location is perfect! It’s set in Little Venice, which is away from the hustle and bustle of central London yet Oxford Circus is only 10 minutes on the tube. The local station is Warwick Avenue and yes it's the one in Duff’s song. I loved the house cat, Minnie, which according to the hotel directory is the Guest Relations Manager LOL!   The hotel is very clean and the staff are very friendly. They could not have done any more to make our stay more enjoyable. Will be staying here again and again...",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",As pretty as its pictures,"My reason for choosing the Colonnade was to fulfill the teen daughter's dream that England is full of four poster beds and old time elegance. After exhaustive searches, it appeaed that The Colonnade was one of the few places that could fufill the dream without us resorting to theft of the crown jewels.  In fact, it was incredibly reasonable  - I booked online through the hotel's website around 2 months in advance and followed this up with emails to the hotel re the room itself.  We booked the JFK Suite and were told that the bed was constrcuted for a visit by the man humself. The room was massive and heavily laden with velvet drapes - a style that could have slipped into bordello chic if not reigned in.  There is a small upstairs room with a fold out sofa bed and tv - we kept…",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mix bag of experience/Beautiful decor and tranquil location,"There were no Bell person standing by but the check in was rather efficient and speedy.  Since it is a very small place, it is difficult to keep a good bell staff around if you have bags.  Breakfast was included but the Turkey was rotten.  The room was nicely decorated in traditional luxuary European decors and it is located in one of the best neighbourhood in London.  The water was cold once in a while since the broiler can only accommendate certain amount of guests at one time.  Charging 15GBP/Day on Wi-Fi was excessive since it is norm in the industry to get it for free.  Nevertheless, if they work out the kinks, this would be one of my favourite place to stay in London",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",An Old Friend Disappoints,"We have stayed at The Colonnade many times but on this occasion we were very disappointed in the decline, both of the hotel and the service. It is housed in a beautiful stuccoed building in Maida Vale. It is just opposite Warwick Avenue tude station and close enough to the centre of London to be convenient whilst quiet enough to get a good night's sleep. The internal decor is quite plush but now beginning to show definte signs of wear. We were placed in the same room on the top floor as at our last stay in the summer,and were concerned to note that the gaps around the air conditioning unit through which daylight could easily be seen, had not been filled. OK in the summer, not so OK in the winter. We tried to compensate for this with the electric heater in the room but it was so…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value for money,"I have stayed at the hotel four times. The property is an old town house converted to a hotel. The interiors are very English indeed, so if you like cool, plain and simple Scandinavian style, stay away - here you have all the cushions, carpets and curtains you can imagine.  All the stays have been very nice, with exception of the second when I got a room in the lower ground floor. If the smell of mold does not appeal to you, ask for a room in the upper floors, which are very nice. The top floor is my favourite, even though you can take the lift only to the floor below.  As usual in London, the rooms are small, but quite cosy. The beds I have tried are very comfortable and there are enough duvets to keep you warm also during winter nights.  Bathrooms are also small, but have…",Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1595-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely!,"Stayed here for one night (a Saturday). I was a bit concerned that the hotel seemed a bit further out than I wanted - but it was just one tube stop from Paddington in a very nice area.  My first impression wasn't too good. I had to wait around to check-in whilst the man on reception was dealing with a guest who was making a complaint. This seemed to go on for some time - not the best first impression! I also wondered why they didn't have more than one person on the front desk which would have speeded things up. However, when I saw my room my attitude changed. It was full of character although compact. The room was done out as if it was a country house and the bed was very comfortable. I think my room was one of the cheapest ones they have so others are probably even better. The…",Date of stay: August 2008,5.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very small room - fine for 1 nights stay,"Stayed here for 1 night, hotel looks lovely and  is in a great peaceful location, out of the hustle and bustle of London, but only 1 tube stop away from Paddington - so easy to get around. I found the staff friendly, the room although well presented and clean -  was tiny! - me and my partner managed for 1 night but think we would of ended up killing each other any longer!, booked a room only rate, breakfast was £16.00 with £5.00 surcharge to have it in the room, we gave it a miss and went to a boat cafe situated on the canal a few minutes walk from the hotel for a tasty good value breakfast. We stayed on a monday night and the cocktail/tapas bar downstairs was shut which was disappointing. All in all i would stay at this hotel again as loved the quiet area and convenient…",Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"We visited London for a week and wanted to stay somewhere a step up from an entry-level budget hotel, and this place worked great. Little Venice (the surrounding community) is charming and safe, with winding canals; a lovely park with a canal-boat restaurant is only a couple of minutes walk away; likewise a tube station is very close, making downtown about 20 minutes away. We stayed in one of the cheapest rooms and were completely satisfied: the hotel was clean and pleasant, the staff friendly, the beds comfortable. Highly recommended.",None,4.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Cute Hotel Near Tube Stop,"We stayed at this hotel for five nights in November 2007.  The hotel is very charming.  We booked a ""double"" room, which turned out to be quite small.  We managed, but would recommend that you pay extra for one of their larger rooms -- they are twice as large and it will make your stay much more enjoyable.  Desipte our small room, we found the bed quite comfortable and the linens immaculate.  The quality of the bedding was top notch, as were the toiletries.  The hotel brings a bottle of still or sparkling water, free of charge, to your room every night, which is a nice touch.  Overall, we were quite pleased with our stay and eventually got used to the extremely small room, even though the room size was a significant shock at first.  Although the hotel is far from the main…",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed Feelings,"My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights over a weekend and we both have very mixed feelings. The building was beautiful and the decor was tasteful and inkeeping with the style of the property.    Our first impressions were pretty good. We were welcomed and helped to our room immediately. Unfortunately, we were allocated one of the attic rooms. This would have been ideal for just one person or just one night but for two of us for 2 nights we just didn't have room to move. There was a shortage of space to put our bags and when we unpacked there weren't enough hangers.    The beds, 2 singles locked together to make a very big double was very comfortable but there was only room for one bedside cabinet which made life very difficult. A standard 4'6"" double would have made much more…",Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1600-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Dismal service, overrated place","We've been regular customers ever since we discovered this hotel in 2002 but will certainly discontinue staying there for our annual Easter or Hallowe'en break if the staff continues to behave as they do: customer is king? You've got to be joking...  I completely agree with comments and reviews above that say the same: no service whatsoever, dismally undermanned reception desk, nice rooms but let's be honest - next step in size is a nutshell and above all: Call for a reservation with special requests and you can forget any professional answer(s). We had to enlighten them that there was such a thing as an easter reduction (no kidding, they did not KNOW!), we had to clarify prices differed from weekends to weekdays, we had to do the maths as to what four days would cost and got…",Date of stay: March 2007,2.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Service lacking,"Stayed 6 days in January. The hotel location is ideal, right near a tube station, and the accommodations are not bad, but the service is reprehensible.   The staff lost a box of business material of mine, which can happen anywhere, but their lack of remorse or follow-up was unbelievable. I travel overseas 12 to 16 times a year and frequent boutique hotels primarily because the service tends to be better than the larger chains. Not the case here.   Additionally, my room, as depicted on the website, contains two windows, but mine had only one, and it didn't lock shut, so ultimately anyone could have entered the room from the outside. Two maintenance workers were on the fire escape, gazing into my room one morning, and the fire door didn't shut tightly and made noise in the wind…",Date of stay: January 2008,2.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but...,"I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site. I was travelling alone, so I was  booked in a ""single"" room. The hotel is very charming, and in a very quaint neighborhood. If you've never been to London, I don't reccommend this hotel. It is located across the st. from the Warwick Ave. Tube station, but other than that, nothing else is near it. The room was small, but very clean and had everything you could need. The staff was less than helpful and not very friendly.",Date of stay: January 2008,3.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","appalling, truly appalling","I was due to have an operation and so wanted to book a hotel close to the hospital (St John and St Elizabeth, NW1) with parking, quiet and if i was honest, we didnt worry about the price this time, comfort and ease of service was paramount.  We attempted to call the hotel all the way down the motorway but no one answered.  When we arrived we found the car park space gone, one person manning everything and we mean everything with no assistance or concern.  None of the 4 keys we recieved ever worked.  The room was beyond basic, no tea making, grout missing in the bathroon floor tiles, luke warm water that dribbled out of the shower head and get this in this age of global warming.... the air con blasting out to combat the also blasting out red hot radiator!  Try sleeping through…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing and Beautiful,"It was my birthday, I was meeting a girlfriend for a couple of days, going theatre , London eye etc.  Looked at the rating on Tripadvisor and thought it looked good. The hotel was stylish, relaxing, quiet and just wonderful, the room was lovely beautiful, tasteful decor and a wonderful bathroom with a 'proper' bath not one of those tiny ones.   Our first day the rain was torrential so we spent most of the afternoon sat in our room drinking 'fizz' and it was delightful.  Will definately go back.",Date of stay: November 2007,5.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1605-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Changed ownership or managment since other reviews???,"The room is nice, and i like the historic touches - the four-poster bed and other furniture.  I wonder if the restaurant downstairs is new.  The cooking smell seeped through my door. and was strong enough that it made it hard for me to sleep.",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful!,"The room was huge, the bed was comfortable and it was less then 1 city block to the tube station (Warwick Avenue).  It is a zone 2 station which is literally 1 stop outside of the city center loop.  Great Neighborhood (Little Venice).  I wish we could have had a couple of extra days to explore the area more.  The staff was very nice, and they had turn down service.  Overall I would highly recommend this place to everyone.  Be advised that there is a lift, but it only goes up so far.  (4th floor i think - can't remember).  So, if the stairs are an issue for you, be sure to call & request a room near the lift.",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Beware,"The hotel is nicely decorated and our room was a good size.   However, we had booked the hotel as a place to sleep after an evening out in London and had one of the worst night's sleep imaginable. The hotel is directly over a tube line and trains run past midnight and from 5am - if you are given a room in the basement you will hear (and feel) every train arriving and departing.   Our room was also directly next to the bar (thankfully empty) and what appeared to be a staff toilet - having been woken by the early morning tube trains we then listened to the toilet being flushed every few minutes.   When we were asked if we'd had a good stay when checking out we explained that the room was very noisy. The receptionist didn't even acknowledge our comments - which made us more intent…",Date of stay: October 2007,2.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Really quaint hotel in London,"The Colonnade Hotel itself is  a very nice old building situated a stones throw from warwick avenue tube, in a reallly lovely location you could forget you were in London, the staff were helpful, the cat was very cute, the room was large for london sizes (we booked a deluxe) well decorated and clean, the bed sheets on the four poster were really lovely, and the nice little things like fruit, magazines and a stereo were great.   However it was really hot in our room  but the AC was so loud we decided to put up with the heat,  you can also hear a lot of goings on ie thumping of people upstairs, tele from adjoining rooms, and the room cleaners were pretty loud in the mornings, also the english breakfast was £16 per person and an extra £5 to have it brought to your room, needless to…",Date of stay: October 2007,4.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Recommended,"An unexpected pleasure, very nice room - clean and well furnished.  Hotel with character, a nice change from often indifferent chains at this sort of price. ",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1610-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Colonnade Town House Hotel,"My husband and I stayed for 1 night at the Colonnade during Easter before moving to its sister hotel the Academy in Bloomsbury.  The lovely hotel is located in a quiet and peaceful neighborhood, although a bit away from the major sight-seeing places.  We had a double room with a terrace which was very clean and quiet.  The room was small but very elegantly decorated and had everything we needed.  The breakfast was delicious and the coffee was one of of the best we've had.  We enjoyed sipping coffee on the terrace in the morning.  We had an enjoyable stay at this excellent boutique hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2006,5.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,"We stayed here for the first couple of days of our honeymoon. It was fantastic.  We stayed in a suite and it was great. Full of character with high ceilings, period features etc. The room had a four poster bed and was very comfortable. The window opened out onto the terrace. The bathroom adjoins the main room and had a sunken bath tub with Molton Brown toiletries. Very nice.  We had one meal there which was breakfast and it was very nice. YOu fill out a card and leave it outside your room and they deliver it to your room at the time of your choosing. It was very well set out and delicious.  The staff are uniformly friendly and polite. I deiced to have a picnic in a local park and they were only to happy to provide a linen sheet etc. They even refused to take a tip.  In short, a…",Date of stay: July 2007,5.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Very comfortable, ideal for short break","I stayed at this hotel whilst on business in London, having booked a late rate of £118..  As a single female guest, I felt extremely comfortable and was made welcome by the friendly staff.  The reception/sitting room is beautifully furnished, but the highlight of the shared area was the 1920s style lift, complete with sofa.  My room was reasonably sized, with space for a chair and table.  Classical music was playing on the small hi fi as I entered the room, and complimentary fruit and mineral water was available.  The bathroom was spotlessly clean and plentifully stocked with Molten Brown toiletries.  Breakfast is available only by room service, and offered a wide choice.    Only 2 minutes walk from Warwick Avenue tube station, the hotel would be an excellent base for exploring…",Date of stay: June 2007,5.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely place for a romantic break,"My partner & I booked a Deluxe Townhouse room for 2 nights for a short break in London.  As we are both frequent business travellers, we were delighted to find this little gem, a world of difference from the usual corporate places that we usually use.  The staff were all helpful & friendly without exception, and even Minnie the resident cat (rescued from Battersea Animal Shelter) seemed pleased to see us.  Our room (25) was beautiful, with the most comfortable 4-poster bed.  There was a small stereo in the room, and relaxing classical music was playing as we walked in.  The bathroom was a little on the small side, but more than adequate for our needs.  The only problem was that the shower screen didn't quite reach the top of the bath, which mean't that not flooding the bathroom…",Date of stay: May 2007,5.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Colonnade,"I stayed at the Colonnade for one night in early April 2007 and loved it.  Luckily, I was able to take advantage of the mid-week sale and booked directly through their website.  The room was small with an unspectacular view looking over the garage, but overall my experience was great.   Great big tub and excellent shower facilities with yummy Molton Brown bath products!    I would definitely stay there again. ",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1615-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","For a quieter, luxury experience of London, at an excellent price.","I booked this hotel as a special treat for my husband's birthday.  Although it is a little out of central London, it is only 2 minutes walk from the nearest tube station (Warwick Avenue), and Little Venice, which is a lovely area for a quiet coffee and stroll on a Sunday afternoon.  It was certainly good value for money compared with what we could have had for a similar price in central London.  The rooms are beautifully made up.  Our suite (JFK) had a four-poster bed with velvet cushions, and a pretty sofa.  There was a TV and CD player.  I chose the romance package, which included champagne, roses, strawberries and Molton Brown bath goodies.  The bathroom was average-sized but with a lovely deep bath and a powerful shower.  My husband has stayed in some very nice hotels with…",Date of stay: September 2006,5.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not a great experience,"Booked a 2 night stay as a birthday treat, room 5 ok but unfortunately directly above E Bar where there  was a private party  with loud music from 17.00 until 2am. Management unable or unwilling to help. Upgraded room for 2nd night, even then items in that room did not work. Will not stay again. Amouls deli around the corner is brilliant ",Date of stay: December 2006,2.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Bring your climbing boots!,"Booked a single room for this hotel. It was advertised as a 'cabin' so I can't really complain. The room was really tiny but beautifully furnished with all sorts of nautical decorations. There is a desk down below and a ladder to a bunk bed above! It's quite a long way up there and you have to manoeuver yourself into the bed.   I had to ask myself, what would happen if an elderly person booked this room? They couldn't possibly cope. And heaven forbid if you were to fall out of bed. It's a long, long, way to the floor. Also if you wish to watch TV during the day you have to climb into bed!  The AC in the room was excellent but noisy and the shower cubicle was tiny but nice. I think this is the only room in the hotel like this. It's fine if you are young and nimble. When I peeped…",Date of stay: November 2006,2.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Just OK nothing more,We were on our honeymoon and wanted something special but it was just ok . The room was pretty clean and a good size but the bed was horrible and the service wasn't good. If you ask for anything (like more towels) they make it seem as though you are asking for a lot. Basically it was nothing special especially for $300 a night!   Best part:  The room was a good size with a balcony.  Worst part: Bed was very uncomfortable with a big spring in the middle of our backs.  Location: Very close to tube and we felt safe there. It’s not in the intercity so it’s just over an hour by tube to the Heathrow airport or $90 US by taxi.   Service: Varied from worker to worker in the 5 days we stayed there. Overall not the best service.   Price: Not worth what you pay.   Overall: DECENT is the…,Date of stay: October 2006,3.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive and poor service,"I am surprised by the positive comments here about the Colonnade. My wife and I just stayed there on our honeymoon and actually moved back to another hotel we stayed at our first night in London because of an airline reservation problem. The room is very nice, but very expensive compared to what you get in other hotels. It was probably bad for us because of the experience we had at the other hotel )The ParkCity in Earl's Court). The breakfast was very very meager, and it wasn't included in our room rate of 225 pounds! They were going to chage us 15 pounds or $30 each. But the service was our biggest problem. They were not in the least service minded. We asked two staff members who were sitting in front of an Internet monitor if they knew when the Changing of the Guards were -…",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1620-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",WoW! An amazing romantic hotel! Perfect service!,"Located in Little Venice, we were lucky to find this charming hotel through TripAdvisor, and I must say, it exceeded all of our expectations! It a beautiful buidling, and our room was located on the top floor, and it had amazing view of London. Our bathroom was huge with a soaking tub, and even it had a view!   The beds in one word:heavenly. The service was outstanding! There is a period elevator in the hotel and is charming too! The tube stop is very close, as well as a taxi stop.  I highly recommend this hotel to anyone! ",Date of stay: May 2006,5.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Value in Little Venice,"The Colonnade is an absolute gem for the money spent. I stayed in mid-May, a deluxe double, for nine nights at  £140.00 per night, booked through the hotel's website. The Colonnade is in a quiet residential area of Maida Vale called Little Venice. It's conveniently located two blocks away from the Warwick tube stop.   The reception desk is immediately within the front door, which is often open making the lobby chilly as most days were chilly and rainy. The fireplace in the lobby was never lit, despite chilly, rainy weather. Without fail the person working reception was professional and friendly and never failed to smile and greet me upon my return to the hotel. There is a very friendly orange tabby cat who that was often curled up on the sofa in the lobby. That was a nice…",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Adored it!,"The Colonnade is an absolute gem! My girlfriend and I absolutely loved it.  The hotel is literally two minutes from the Warwick Ave Tube station. You can be at all of the sights and sounds of London in no more than 25 minutes via the Tube.  The Little Venice area that the hotel is located in is a quite, cozy area of London.  I highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay in London.  It is not in the heart of London, but it is great for those looking for a quite relaxing vacation.  The staff will go out of their way to make your stay as pleasant as possible.  This hotel is EXCELLENT!!!! ",Date of stay: September 2006,5.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great cosy place to stay,"It's a great place to stay! Very quiet (you can leave your window open during the night!!), close to the tube (2 min walk) and very friendly staff. It's more a homy, cosy hotel with nice specials (water bottle at night, newspaper,...). If you are bored of typical standart hotels and are looking for a typical British place to stay - come here. ",Date of stay: August 2006,4.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What a Great Hotel!,"What a great hotel!  Excellent location, right next to the tube, 10 mins from Paddington station( handy if you are getting the Heathrow express).  The rooms are small but all the little extras and small touches make the difference.  The visitor book in each room is a nice touch and the turndown service was lovely at the end of a long day.  You could not fault the cleanliness of this hotel - the housekeeping staff are to be commended!  The room are finished to a very high standard with amzing bed linen and quality towels.    Although we did not eat in the hotel the Tapas bar downstairs looks lovely and the menu very reasonibly priced.  There are a number of very good cafes and restaurants in this area and the area itself is beautiful - clean and quite.  An excellent place to…",Date of stay: August 2006,5.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1625-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but some issues,"The Colonnade is located in the Little Venice neighborhood of London, close to an Underground stop. The area is OK but not a lot of fun. It's in a converted, attractive  mansion.  The staff was generally, but not uniformly, attentive and helpful. The rooms were very clean and tastefully furnished. The bedding was very soft and comfortable.  There were a few problems. We stayed in two rooms on two occasions within a few weeks of each other. The ventillation / AC system was very loud in both rooms and disturbed our sleep. Our first room, #4, was tiny and cramped. Our second room, #9, was much more spacious but it was located in the basement. We did not try the pricey breakfasts but went out to cafes. Wireless and wireline internet access was available in the rooms, but at 15…",Date of stay: July 2006,3.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury!,"Absolutely loved my stay at the Colonnade. We booked a standard twin and were upgaded to a deluxe twin which was fabulous. Gorgeous furniture and had the best nights sleep in ages!  The room had everything we needed and was lovely and spacious.  The area of little venice is stunning. Amazing big old town houses lovely canals... tree lined streets. Very clean too.  The tube is right on the door-step, which even though its very handy, i would say it was the only bad thing as you can feel this rumbling slightly whilst you are laying in bed.... not good when you have a hangover!! Maybe not as bad if you are on one of the upper floors??  Will definitely go back!",Date of stay: June 2006,5.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a peaceful location,"The Colonnade town is a lovely hotel, clean and confortable, located in a very peaceful and charming area of London. The tube is one block away from the entrance of the hotel (Warwick Avenue station on the Bakerloo line). The journey to Piccadilly Circus is about 20 minutes. London traffic does not belong to this area. Living here must be very expensive as all the houses seem very exclusive. The room is somehow small ( I slept in a single room), but really clean and confortable. Breakfast was very good too. I would certainly go back. The staff is international, always kind and ready to help. I couldn't find anything negative about this hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2006,4.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely, but opressive","Even though it was a cold December night, the room was uncomfortably hot and the air-conditioning seemed to have a mind of its own; constantly on, hot and noisy - we could not get the thing to either control itself or switch off.   The bed was very comfortable ( Frette linens! Divine ! ), however, due to the chintzy decor the room was too dark.   Although the bathroom was small, it was well lit. My main annoyance is that when we returned from our evening engagement and went to the 'restaurant' we had to leave and go back to our room via the outside access - I'm glad it wasn't raining. ",Date of stay: December 2005,3.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic boutique hotel,"I have had a fantastic weekend in London with my wife, the The Collonade in Little Venice - North London - paid £170 / night - well worth the money - four poster bed, roses, chocolates, champage, breakfast in bed, dvd player. A lovelly part of London, surprisingly quiet - great reastaurants & pubs - easy access to the underground train network. I normally like to try different hotels as often as possible - but now I've found The Collonade - this will be my hotel of choice in London. Great one for anniversaries guys! ",None,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1630-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",I am obsessed with returning!!,"New Yorkers can be a bit fussy but I love the Eton Colonnade!!  I stayed there in August and again in February and can't wait to get back there!  The neighborhood is filled with great little haunts..the barges..the restaurants and pubs. Although in London, Little Venice is a small cozy town within a big city.  We requested the same room when we returned after our summer vacation because of its size, decor..I have not seen the smaller rooms, we stayed in one of the junior suites and the baths were large.  I can't believe I am letting the cat out of the bag on the best kept secret in London. ",Date of stay: February 2006,5.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,"This was the second time at the Colonnade,  the first time we got engaged whilst staying there and this time we were there as part of our honeymoon. It really is a great little hotel.  It is located in a quiet relaxing part of London with the canal close by.  Warwick Ave tube is 30 secs away to get you to central London.  We had a room on the second floor at the front.  It had a beautiful 4 poster bed, and a little lounge area as well as a balcony overlooking the front.  The room is very tastefully decorated, traditional but in a modern sort of way.  The bathroom was a little small with the toilet stuck behind the door but it really wasn't an issue for us.    The staff are great and we even had a bottle of champagne, roses and chocolates delivered to our room because it was our…",Date of stay: March 2005,5.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointed,"After reading the comments on the hotel we decided to book.  The room was on the first floor next to the lift which when called for made our room noisy.  The room was small and had 2 windows but neither had any view, one overlooked the small garage and the other looked onto a glass ceiling.  Also there was a smell of drains which filled the room late evening and morning. The complimentary paper never arrived.  We also chose this hotel as it had option of car parking £20per day. We booked our car in however could not use the facility until another guest had left, this meant moving our car from permit area (note: traffic wardens are frequent in this area!) to the nearest NCP (not 24hrs) which cost £4.40 for less than 2 hrs. We finally were able to park the car after 11am (as we…",Date of stay: November 2005,3.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade is a gem!,"We had a wonderful stay at the Colonnade.  The room was gorgeously appointed and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  The neighborhood is quiet and picturesque.  Although it is not in the center of London, it is a short tube trip (and the tube station is a block from the hotel) and for the price, it is beyond worth staying a little out of the way.  I can't gush about or recommend this hotel enough.  I will definitely return! ",Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Very good place to stay in London,"I was at the Colonnade for 4 nights in early September 05. I was very lucky and got a great rate due to a mistake on their website. They did the right thing and honored the rate that I booked. It is a very nice hotel based on the furnishings, the service, the comfort and the location. The hotel is literally a 30 second walk to the Warwick Ave. tube stop, which makes it very easy to get into Central London. I loved staying there, its a lovely neighborhood with a great pub very close to the hotel and several  good restaurants within walking distance. I would definitely stay there again. ",Date of stay: September 2005,4.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1635-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",We loved it!,"After having stayed in a hotel for 2 nights in Hythe, Kent (which we were really disappointed with) we were a little hesitant about this one, but pleasantly surprised when we arrived! The hotel has lots of character and the staff were very helpful.  Our room was a suite and well worth the extra money, it was very well decorated, with a/c and minibar, great bathroom amenities and nice towels. We think this hotel offers great value for money and our only regrest ws that we could not stay longer!  Very comfortable and highly recommended - however don't take your car, its metred parking and the hotel only has 3 spaces for which they charge £20 a day! ",Date of stay: September 2005,5.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The most incongrous restaurant,"I really like this hotel, though it has to be said that its 'funky', loud, 'concept' bar is absolutely out of character with the Georgian edifice.  Beware too that the cat is a moody little soldier who blends in far too well with most of the hotel carpeting!  Great breakfast served in your room, but make sure you order before you go to bed...  Rooms are small, but perfectly formed. The loos aren't really meant to be used - they're too small and wedged against towel rails and such like.  Overall though I really enjoy the theatre of the place and will be going back. For all it's loveable flaws, it's a very traditionally British corner of London. Lavender and Keats on your pillow... ",Date of stay: June 2005,4.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel but management please read,"I've stayed at this hotel several times before with my girlfriends (First in Summer 2003) and was amazed, there's a LOT of things I like about this place:  Location: a few stops on the tube from Baker St. so very central. However, it is a beautiful area of London which is very safe.  Service: The staff are all extremely helpful, they take care of every detail.  The place: It building has a LOT of heritage, very attractive quality. The rooms are very well sized and they're happy to upgrade you to nicer rooms if they're free.  I always try to stay in the room just above the entrance with a balcony, has the nicest view in my opinion.  Quirks: They have a cat, Mini. The staff told me to be careful, she doesn't take too kindly to most guests but she did like us... so much so that one…",Date of stay: March 2005,4.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Chintzy but OK,"Stayed here for one night having stayed at two of the other Etonhotelgroup properties. Location in Little Venice is great: gorgeous, quiet area and very handy for the tube (Bakerloo line). Upon arrival we'd been allocated a ground floor room so we asked to be moved which was no problem. The new room (34) wasn't as big as we'd've liked but was fine and nicely furnished. Staff are very helpful -- despite some being 'foreign' -- not a problem for us. BUT: at night when we got back from the West End, we were welcomed by a crowd of staff. When I tried in vain to order room service five mins later and got no answer I went downstairs -- deserted, reception phone off the hook. When I finally located someone I was told he'd been 'training' a new member of staff below stairs. I wonder....…",Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Honeymoon Hotel,"My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon in June 2004.  The staff were wonderful.  We were upgraded to the James Wright Suite which was a huge suite with seating area and wonderful views.  They also had a dozen red roses, champagne and chocolate-covered roses to surprise us.  We were surprised at the extras since we had booked through a wholesaler, Travel Bound and did not mention it was our honeymoon until we arrived.  The hotel is in a lovely area of Little Venice and is a nice choice for those who have been to London many times and are looking to stay some place ""different"" but close to major sites by the Tube.  We also loved the hotel cat who was always sleeping in the hotel's beautiful and intimate reception area.  The cooked to order breakfast was also great! ",Date of stay: June 2004,4.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1640-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely - but not perfect!,Stayed for 2 nights 7th - 9th November. I booked directly with the hotel after reading the reviews on this site and because a few people had mentioned the small rooms I asked the man on the front desk to please reserve us a larger room. We were originally shown to  room 36 and whilst it was perfectly lovely - it was very small so I asked if they could show us something larger. They had room 6 a garden studio room free for one night of our stay but we were told it would cost £179 as opposed to the £129 we had originally agreed to. Althought the bed was still very small we thought we would pay the extra for a special treat.  Having said that we were not provided with the robes or slippers or anything remotely complimentary for this room and neither did we receive the turn down…,None,4.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quite enjoyable stay,"We stayed at the Colonnade in January 2004 for a couple of nights, during a spell of flawlessly clear and bright weather. The service was very friendly and solicitous. The room was charming, though a bit too warm. Breakfast in the Enigma Restaurant was excellent.  We were later notified by mail that we had consumed nearly everything in the minibar and all of the condiments, and they charged them to our credit card. In fact, we had consumed little of it and had actually already paid for what we did take. They graciously and quickly removed all charges after a phone call.  The Little Venice area is wonderful, and close to St. John's Wood. I would certainly stay there again. ",None,4.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Colonnade does everything right,"My husband and I stayed at the Colonnade TownHouse for about 9 days in April of 2004.  We made a rather complex series of reservations to accommodate our side-trips to West Somerset, Cardiff and Paris, making the Colonnade our base.  The reservations staff were efficient and helpful and got all the details absolutely right.    Upon arrival we were charmed by the hotel, the staff and our room.  The room was on the small side, but very clean and comfortable and beautifully appointed and the windows actually opened.  The bed was deliciously comfortable and the amenities as charming as mentioned in other reviews - the water, the Smarties, in-room tea service, towel warmers, reading material, comfy robes, large thick towels, house cat, etc.    On our first night we had a medical…",Date of stay: April 2004,5.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Quite Nice,"Booked the Colonnade over some other properties based on other reviews. Found it to be nice, clean and comprising all the amenities we expected. Rooms are small but that is the norm and they were all nicely decorated. Although some of the front desk staff lacked local area knowledge they were always friendly and professional. The beds were extremely comfortable, and the breakfast was good. If you are traveling in a group or with older companions be sure to request a lower floor as the elevator only goes to the third floor, making it difficult for some poeple to access the 4th floor rooms. Found the location to be excellent. Right next to the tube with local pub, restaurant, wine shop, florrist and post office just round the corner. Would be ideal for a romantic get away weekend.…",None,4.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Not quite dissapointed, but not blown away","I too booked here based on the relatively high marks given in the Fall of last year.  While I would not say I was dissapointed, I did expect a tad more.  Unlike other recent reviews, I found the staff friendly and easy to communicate with.  Most spoke fluent English.  While it is not exactly centrally located, the English subway station is fantastic (very similar to NYC's), and the nearest station was just 1 block away, so very convenient from that sense.  My only issues were a laundry mishap that had a pair of pants missing for my whole stay, only to get them back at checkout still not cleaned.  The air conditioner seemed more like a fan by US standards, so do not expect an ice cold room in Summer.  Good beds, baths & cleanliness.  The towel warmer in the bath was a plus too. …",None,3.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1645-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel with great rooms,"My husband and I stayed here in May of 2004 for four nights. We enjoyed the well-appointed, although somewhat small, rooms. The water by the bed and music playing each night was a nice touch.  The hotel was a three minute walk from a pub, breakfast area and the tube station. It was a slice of heaven to be away from downtown London and crazy prices and still have a luxury room. The staff seemed to be mostly French and not that informed about the area. It was o.k. though because the underground is so eacy to figure out. We would return again and have no hesitation in making the recommendation to stay here.  ",None,4.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed the hotel tremendously!,"I chose the hotel based on reviews from this site, and as usual, they were right on. The hotel was very charming and I was immediately reassured that I'd made a good choice. The staff were very friendly & helpful, accomodating our early check-in, the room was very comfortable and the bed was luxurious. It was just a few steps away from the underground stop, which made getting around London so easy. It was a great alternative to a chain hotel & I'd recommend it. ",None,5.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A very comfortable place,"We booked the hotel through Expedia, at 123 pounds per night, including taxes and breakfast. This would make it a rather expensive hotel in other parts of Europe, but in my experience it is a god deal for London, considering the good quality of the service. The room (n. 36) was rather small, but very elegantly appointed and very very comfortable. The service is quite special, with a lot of nice details (newspaper in the morning, bottle of water in the evening, porto wine available in the hall, personal cards etc), even though a bit discontinuous (we did not have night service on the secnd day). Breakfast was good, with a not so large buffet but with all first quality ingredients. We found that it is a very nice place to come back to after a day in London and we would definetely…",None,4.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A Little Disappointing,"We stayed at the Colonnade May 8, 9, and 10.  Room was small (as expected) but comfortable enough.  Warwick Ave. tube station is one minute away and makes commuting to London destinations very convenient.  But we found the staff unfriendly and unhelpful - I would say even cold.  They respond as if they don't fully understand the English language.  Calls and little snacks are very expensive.  Little Venice is great and just walking the area outside the hotel is pretty and feels safe.  This was our first ever trip to England and I believe I had realistic expectations.  And if our experience at the Paradise House in Bath had not been so great, then I would have said maybe its partially us  -  but I don't think so.",None,3.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, well appointed, but ....","Based on reviews from this site we booked the Colonnade Hotel.  It was clean, well appointed, but #3 ranking is a bit high.  The room was a decent size, the bathroom was nice, the bed was very comfortable and the sheets were a very nice quality. We were given a room on the 4th floor, the elevator only goes to the 3rd floor and you need to walk a winding staircase to get to your room. This was in April 04, and neither the heat or A/C were working so you either had to open the window or snuggle up.  The staff although friendly, were not English, communication was difficult and they were not well versed with directions and general info.  The location is very peaceful and quiet although a bit off the beaten path.  A one block walk puts you on a bus for a 15-20 minute ride to town,…",None,3.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1650-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",A little better than normal...,"When travelling to London, I look for a few basics in terms of a room (design, value, quiet, cleanliness, excellent service).  Let me review those issues with regard to the Colonnade.  DESIGN -- This is the weakest link for the Colonnade, in that it is a traditional (somewhat dowdy) design that needs a fairly serious shaking up.  The walls are cracking and buckling in places, the lapshades in the halls are browning from bulb heat, the black velvet throw on the bed looks positively grungy, and the sheer curtains are gray.  The furniture in the (not that small) rooms we stayed in over three different visits is standard issue hotel.  No attempt to achieve a design statement.  The breakfast room is somewhat more modern, with a pleasing glass ceiling, but nothing groundbreaking. …",None,3.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London","Colonnade Town House Hotel, Nice but hot.","Me & my wife stopped here last weekend. 24th -26th April. Nice Hotel, Nice polite staff, Homely, Nice area, Room Smallish (27 Superiour double), well decorated, Nice Decour, Was very hot though, (April) not much ventollation, had air conditioning in the rooms but it was load & didnt make much difference. Wouldnt much fancy staying there in the middle of the Summer. having 3 pairs of curtains at the Main window didnt help. Very easy access to the tube. Only about 40 yards. (Backerloo line) only one stop to Paddngton & about 7 to Piccadilly. breakfast was nice. (Not fantastic). Tried charging me for 2 items I didnt have from the mimi bar when checking out, but when I said I never had them (Which I didnt) There was no problem & they never pursued it so thats proberbly not worth…",Date of stay: April 2004,4.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Charming hotel,"We chose the Colonnade on basis of the reviews on this website. Our room was not that big, but very nicely decorated. It didn't look like all these chain hotels. The staff was extremly polite and helpfull. The location was ok - not really in the centre, but very close to the underground station and it took only 15 minutes to get to the city centre. Breakfast wasn't that good - we arrived late and the choices were limited. But overall: a very charming little hotel.",None,5.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Pefect Hotel!!,"Perfect Hotel for a pleasure trip. It is well situated, only 20m from Warwick underground station. It is very clean with excellent service and smiling people. The decoration is almost traditional English. The accomodation is very comfortable and I really enjoyed it!!",None,5.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The Little Room That Could,"I believe the last reviewer has much to learn about British food, notwithstanding the fact that I've never seen a hotel or specialty store in London that couldn't use a fresh cleaning. This hotel's staff was fantastic. The room was small, but where in Europe do you find a room one could compare to the states? They left the radio on when I entered, tuned to a great classical station. A handwritten letter from the management welcomed me. The bedding was excellent - plenty blankets, fresh water by the bedside (at no charge), and a chocolate for the night carefully resting on the down pillow. The bathroom was a bit tight, but clean and well adorned. I was thankful I picked a hotel with plenty of water pressure. Let's face it, anytime you get something that comes close to the value…",None,4.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1655-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Worse than Fawlty Towers,"I booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews in TripAdvisor. It was awful. Tne room was tiny...and dusty....and the carpet looked as though it was long overdue for a thorough shampoo and clean. The hotel has no restaurant and the room service menu is very short. We ordered off the room service meno and got a ""club"" sandwich that was just ordinary ham sandwiches made with rather stale bread, a salad that looked too old and tired for a compost heap, and a Thai chicken and rice that was.......3 small pieces of chicken breast swimming in a pale, watery, almost tasteless sauce. On checking out out, I refused to pay for the room service and they agreed without argument.This is categorically NOT a 4* hotel. It is a so-so B&B that is wildly overpriced.",None,1.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",The search is over,"Thanks to Trip Advisor, after years of searching for the ideal London hotel we have found one that suits us to perfection.From the moment we entered the front door we felt at home. The hotel fitted our requirements in every way, as a couple looking for a well managed boutique hotel in a good location with easy travel links to the centre. We canÂ t wait for our next visit.",None,5.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Comfort and quality,"A delightful home-from-home, and a refreshing change from mass-market hotels.  A converted town house, it's very nicely furnished, very comfortable, very welcoming; lots of nice touches that really do make it special. No real downsides other than location (if I were being picky, the bathroom in one of the rooms I've stayed in could do with being upgraded).  The staff are great, the restaurant's good, and the hotel cat is exceptionally friendly. Very highly recommended.  Slightly out from the centre of town (it's one tube station out from 'zone 1', but on the Bakerloo line so has a quick, direct link into the main areas).  I love it, and can see why it ranks so very highly in the TripAdvisor league table. I'm really not convinced, though, that despite its distinctive…",None,5.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",peaceful in little venice.,"Choose this small hotel on the strength of reviews, and wasn't dissapointed. So why only 4 out of 5?? On arrival, a maid was shouting and moaning, entrance obstructed by linen bags. Other staff seemed harrassed but generally trying their best. Shown to our room which was fine, very clean and nicely appointed. The main stairway was however, dusty!!! Breakfast was very good, cooked to order, and I would surely stay in this hotel again.",None,4.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",Not Quite As Wonderful As We Were Expecting,"I hate to break the Colonnade Town House Hotel's perfect score streak, but I just can't give it five stars.First the great: Beautiful bathroom with modern fixtures. Extraordinarily comfortable bed. Nice CD player. Very attractive decorating in the room. Friendly staff. Delightful in-house cat. Fantastic location. Complimentary umbrella to borrow. Bottled water every night. Wonderful full English breakfast included.Now the problems:1. When we got into the room, it was cold. We called the desk and they sent someone to get the heater going. He couldn't figure it out and it was hours before someone else came to help. It turns out, all he needed to do was show us how to operate the remote control. Also, we thought the maximum heat setting wasn't all that warm.2. The front desk often…",Date of stay: February 2004,4.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d188962-Reviews-or1660-The_Colonnade_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Colonnade Hotel Reviews, London",What fantastic staff!!,"I had relied upon the good reviews here to chose this hotel. THANK YOU!  I found an almost half price deal on Expedia and it was the first time I have ever gone to a hotel and left without feeling ripped off in some way or another.  ALL the staff were wonderful. The room - really pleasantly decorated, not small, overlooking lovely scenery (you can open the window!) and it was very quiet, air con, iron, complementary biz cards (wow!) everything you could have wanted for a short romantic break. Well placed for everything in London.  Highly recommend. The staff are a cut above the rest, as are the rooms.",None,5.0
