,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or0-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t stay at this hotel !!!,"Absolutely disgusting the pictures they advertise on the website is completely false advertising.This place needs a refurb ASAP.All facilities in bathroom were rusty and the smell from the sewage was overwhelming the beds were uncomfortable.Towels were off colour grey yuk !!!! we complained straight away.(something I’ve never had to do anywhere before!)The hotel gave us a different room but again this room was in better decor but the room was absolutely freezing the toilet flush didn’t work.just a real put off.Need to change windows as these were wafer thin and rattled all night long and the noise from outside was as though we were sleeping outside.A bit of double glazing in this day of age wouldn’t go amiss My friend refused to eat there, because of the way the rooms looked. but I did.The continental breakfast was so basic.just cereal,breads,ham and cheese.A total rip off…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or0-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",CHEAP BUT SOULESS . TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF,"Solo female traveller. Friday night was £59 for a room so small a chest of drawers could not fit in. OK for central London.  Breakfast looks abundant but is nescafe etc and uneatable.  Asked for price for Sat night was told £80 without breakfast. £85 with.  On Booking,com it included breakfast for £80. Everywhere its cheaper booked in house and I felt they were taking advantage. The vibe is definitely Asian / Eastern European and reception is all male.   I decided to leave and found an excellent ensuite room in European Hotel, Argyll Sq for £55 with brkft.",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or0-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",swinton hotel,"Honestly one of the worst hotels i’ve ever stayed in, looked nothing like the photos. room was tiny, stuffy and right at the bottom also really noisy and uncomfortable beds. the worst part for me was the fact that you had to give the key into reception everytime you left, and it was a different person on reception anytime so it wasn’t exactly secure. stayed here for 3 nights, definitely wouldn’t recommend to anyone. the only positive is the location as it’s about 5/10 minutes walk from kings cross station.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or0-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Mr boadbent,Stayed here for one night on 6th january 2020 while watching Leeds play at the Emerates.  Beds and bedding spotlessly  clean. Unfortunatly the whole place is just so shabby and out dated😟. The rooms look nothing like in pictures on website. Rubbish piled at front of hotel. Television didnt work  I only spent from midnight till 5am in room sleeping and that was enough. The outside of the building looks unlived in 😟  if staying in kings cross  again i would much prefer to spend extra £20 and go into travelodge.,Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or0-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very noisy area,The room itself is OK but as has secondary glazing most likely due to area hotel is located lot of noisy traffic which meant was unable to get much sleep! Was in London for an Christmas YouTube gathering,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or5-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Ergh!!,"Stayed here twice, once before going to disney and once on the way back! Both times were disgusting!!! First night they didnt have a bed for my son even tho it stated on the booking 4 adults and 1 child. I was in room 6 in the basement, a tiny outdated double room. The furniture had seen better days and the bed was uncomfortable!! Also the pipes were very loud at 4.30 am waking up myself and family. Second night again basement family room 1 double and 3 singles. Loose wiring around the beds, the radiators had seen better days. The room is directly under the stairs and landing which is great fun for morning traffic for breakfast! The bathroom facilities are ok but tiny showers. The stairs to the basement are dangerous, you open the door and straight on to them without and warning…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or5-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel,"We stayed here prior to going to Disney to avoid 2 train journeys in one day. 4 adults and one 3 year old child staying. Asked for an extra bed for my 3 year old and it was requested on the booking. When we get here we are told the rooms they have booked us in aren't big enough for the extra bed. We spent about an hour speaking to the receptionist who was less use than a wet paper towel. Asked for extra bedding to make up a bed on the floor. All they could provide was one extra double duvet and a towel. What self respecting hotel only has one extra duvet? The shower took about 5 minutes for hot water to come through, even when on max temperature. The bedside lamp is broken.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or5-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Spurs v Aston Villa Weekend,"The hotel is around a five minute walk from Kings Cross station, a short walk down Gray's Inn road. My room was a basic single room which was just right. The single rooms are small however it suited me as I only needed the room for sleeping and showering each day. There is a kettle with the usual refreshments. The bed is a single but again it suited me as I was on my own.   The hotel has an optional breakfast but as I was in London, there is so many places to visit for breakfast.    The hotel is locked 24/7 and there is always someone on the reception to let you in.   The hotel is in an ideal location for access to Kings Cross tube station and all bus routes.   I've booked to stay here again in December for the weekend.  Fully recommend if you are on a short stay.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or5-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"Very basic, in the basement, plug socket not fixed, no bulb on lamp, scuff Mark's all over the place. For the money much smarter hotels out there. When using the hair dryer the socket fell apart and a burning smell arose.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or5-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very affordable for London,"I stayed in this hotel alone the night before catching an early Eurostar. Perfect location for walking to St Pancras station and fine for a night. The rooms are clean and provide toiletries in the bathroom. All staff friendly and helpful. I was in a room at the front of the building with very thin windows and a very noisy road which was loud all through the night. Also, I had a single room and I know from past experience that single rooms in London are small but this one was tiny and the decoration was slightly tired so it was quite depressing. As I said, a perfectly affordable hotel which is fine for an overnight stay.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or10-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good location ,"Good basic hotel to spend night if you are traveling from  King Cross, just 5 min away. Comfortable beds , basic , small and clean shower, nice tea facilities with biscuits . We came to London very early morning and asked for the earlier check in, so they let us in , so we did have  a shower and rest before our evening show. It was a pleasant touch. Couldn’t  complain about noise outside, it haven’t disturbed our rest during night.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or10-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",You are sleeping in a street ,"There is literally no difference between sleeping under the bridge of a motorway or staying in this hotel. Yes it’s cheap but you won’t have a minute of sleep. Rooms are not equipped with proper windows, they are broken, filthy, and provides no barrier from filthy and noisy street. nevermind the rest of shortcomings. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or10-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear,"Reception staff friendly, no issue there. Foyer area looks nice and welcoming. Then..down to the basement for our room. The corridors are very narrow and hard to navigate. If someone else is approaching in the opposite direction than it’s almost an impossibility to get past  Our room had three single beds, the sheets were washed but smelled and felt damp. One of the beds creaked all night.   The carpet was stained, had burn marks on it where a iron had obviously fallen onto it and smelled bad. The carpet had clearly been there for many many years, smelled of damp and a variety of other unknown substances.   The furnishings were very old, dirty and had seen better days.   Toilet was very basic - seat was stained and there was no air vent. No lock on the door.   The noise was…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or10-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,We were very happy with the standard of this hotel. While older consistent with this area we felt safe and comfortable. Breakfast basic but really all we needed. Room had all the services  expected and quality was good considering the cost,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or10-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A good economic hotel,"A last minute booking to see a show, with very few options brought us to the Swinton Hotel. From the road, it didn't look inviting, but the desk service was friendly and the rooms very clean with a small ensuite, comfortable bed and pillows and a few little extras, and breakfast included. Plus, if you book direct they will give you a 10% discount. Only drawback.. No air conditioning, but they do hace central heating. A nice little find about 10 mins walk from Kings Cross station. Would use again.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or15-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!,"This is a horrible, down at heal hovel.  My room was certainly not big enough to swing the proverbial cat in!  The sheets, towels, and bathroom were, to be fair, clean, but the decor, blinds, carpets, etc were pretty ropy.  The lift, whilst working, was more like a service lift.  I would never sleep there again.   The breakfast room is awful.  the coffee was undrinkable, thew service surly and rude, the 'buffet'....well, I couldn't bring myself to eat anything from it.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or15-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for an early eurostar trip,To be honest I booked on booking.com  and didn't read the review but took a chance to read the reviews on my way there. The review were pretty scary and I was not comfortable to pay till I saw the room. The guy on reception was friendly and explained they were going through refurbishments and said I can of course check the room first in light of the reviews I had read.  I walked downstairs to room 4 to find a small twin room that was perfectly clean with clean towels and bedsheets. I was not expecting the Ritz but a clean room that I can stay before jumping on the early eurostar. Actually for the money it's fine. To top it off it has excellent biscuits and coffee in the room. ,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or15-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A. Nonymous,Very very basic. Staff are civil but lack warmth. Cheap but very basic and whilst it is quiet it certainly has no home comforts and is simply somewhere to lay your head. I would struggle to see how it could be termed as a hotel rather than a glorified hostel.,Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or15-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Ideal Location, Very Noisy","We stayed here early in September for a trip to the theatre in London. The location was ideal, just a short walk from Kings Cross Station. Our room was ready when we arrived, even though it was before check in which was a lovely surprise.   The rooms are old and one of our plugs didn't work, however they do have tea and coffee making facilities and a hairdryer.  We were in a room on the front of the hotel and it was so incredibley noisy from the passing traffic which really wasn't ideal. Upon checking in a lady did ask for a quiet room which I'm guessing meant she had stayed there before!!",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or15-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Keep scrolling don’t book there!!,"Oh my days do not go there I repeat DO NOT go there. The receptionist guy is rude and not at all welcoming. We were forced to give our keys whenever we were going out of the hotel till we would get back and ask for the key room again. This isn’t a good policy.  Since the windows were locked we couldn’t even freshen up our room.  No smiling employees whatsoever.  However, the hall was cute and the location of the hotel is practical as it is located near King cross so easy transports access. ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or20-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"Small hotel located 5 minutes walk from King Cross / St. Pancras ... impeccable cleanliness and service, friendly staff and concierge 24 h The room is a bit small but comfortable, great place for those who want to sleep and spend the rest of the day around London",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or20-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t Stay Here!!!,"I normally like to write a balanced review, find something positive to say but this time it is difficult. This hotel is walking distance to Kings Cross station which is the only reason I chose it. Overall my expectations were low. I am typically content to have a clean comfy bed. BUT, I expect to have a functioning toilet. Reported when I arrived, they said they would have a look. They proceeded to tell me that it takes a few minutes for the tank to fill. So we waited and waited. The tank did fill but the toilet still did not flush. I resorted to filling up the tank with the kettle numerous times. We successfully flushed maybe 3 times in 2 days. On check out I mentioned it again and was given the same response regarding the tank. I’m not incompetent, I know how to flush a…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or20-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel of Horrors,"Never in my life have I ever been so mislead by photos on a website. The outside of the hotel looks lovely as does the reception area. You are not greeted with a smile just a rude man that tells you you cannot take your key from the hotel? We were told our room was number 1 and left to find it ourselves. After climbing over mountains of dirty bed linen we finally found our room. There was blood stains on the bed, cobwebs all around, furniture that was from the 80s. Then the “courtyard” oh my days..... there were wet floor signs, burnt out boxed, carpet grippers, old furniture. It could have been used for a horror movie. Thankfully we were not in the room for long and on checkout there was a man standing at the reception window obviously a friend. They did not even acknowledge us…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or20-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Definately not as advertised,"Well I’m show you the advertised pics on bookings.com and the actual pics and you can make your own mind up. £85, should have gone to premier Inn.  Cobwebs in room. Walked through a mountain of dirty bed linen to the basement room. Definitely not recommended, it’s a dive.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or20-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"Where to even begin?  This is going to be long, but i want to give the best review of the place that i can so please if you are willing to read, bare with me.   Firstly, i booked this hotel purely for the fact that it was close to Kings Cross station and i was travelling for the weekend with my 3 year old so it was in a great location to walk to and from the station. Travelodge was already fully booked for the weekend we wanted to go, otherwise that would of been my first choice, I have always stayed in Travelodge every time I've visited London. But i was optimistic anyway, 2 nights cost us £216 (this was with a discount) which included breakfast so i reasoned with myself that it would be worth it.   I couldn’t of been more wrong. When we arrived we rang the buzzer on the door…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or25-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Grim,"Booked for an overnight stay on way to Heathrow. Place is very grim, old interiors, toilet that didn’t flush. Breakfast was a bit of bread cereal and cheese.  Would only use for a bed for the night if desperate. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or25-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs filthy disgusting,"The worst experience ever. Rude staff, smelly stinky manager. Filthy rooms, smelly carpet that I was afraid to step on. Sticky bathroom floors. Was bitten at night on my back, head, legs, and arms with bed bugs. I had to throw away my clothes. Refused to refund over $800. Told to leave when I complained with no refund. Legal action to follow soon against the hotel, manager, and booking.com . Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or25-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous - avoid!!!,"We unfortunately booked to stay in one of the family rooms, unlike the pictures on the website the room had filthy brown carpet, decoration was tired, the room smelt, all the furniture was old and dated, headboards were grubby and severely worn, the beds were sunken in the middle, holes in the walls, no curtain at the window just an old filthy net that people could see through, holes in the ceiling where it looked like a curtain rail used to be, old stained curtain at the door to the “garden” which not maintained and was full of old furniture, an old fridge freezer and cigaret buts. The bathroom was like a public toilet, damp, mouldy and smelly, toilet leaked and pipes stuck together with tape. The absolutely disgusting state of the room spoilt our London break - the photos used…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or25-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Okay For a Couple of Nights,"Stayed here for an event at Wembley Stadium, it was within walking distance of Kings Cross Station.  Upon arrival the check-in process was extremely long - it was boiling hot and we were looking forward to dumping our bags in the room. The guy on reception went through the papers about three times before he consulted a different piece of paper to find our booking.  The room was an okay size, quite small but not tiny. The beds were clean but unfortunately not particularly very comfortable. It was hot that weekend but there weren't any windows in the room, just a door that we weren't comfortable leaving open overnight to let air into the room. Also wasn't a fan of the wet room bathroom as it was always damp.  Overall the hotel was good but was definitely overpriced for what we got…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or25-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid at all costs Filthy, bed bugs, and fire hazard.","The worst hotel and experience of my life. Filthy, disgusting, rundown hotel. They bait and switch rooms. They advertise beautiful pictures, but what you get is a dump not fit for cockroaches. Refused to refund my money equivalent to $850, then when I contacted the booking agent, they gave me 10 minutes to leave the hotel without a refund. I was happy to leave this dump and not risk getting bed bugs or die in a fire due to obstacles in the path of the fire exit. Manager is the worst human being ever, when confronted with the facts, he choose to get belligerent and claimed he is busy. Not busy to keep my $850. Also there was a crazy woman in the lobby. Did I mention the bed bugs, bed bugs alert. The bathroom floor was sticky and disgusting. The carpet smells like someone peed on…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or30-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this place!,"Discusting place. Dirty, worn down and malfunctioning in so many ways. Filthy. I can’t believe hiw services like Booking and Hotels colaborates with them. It is a fraud. I left after just one, horrible night and didn’t get a refund either. Avoid this place!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or30-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Fabulous, lovely staff","I visited with my partner for a mid-week break and we had a fabulous time - definitely made and enhanced by the hardworking staff -big thank you to Steve (bar manager), Vanessa & Thierry on reception (we will definitely be visiting Evian, thank you!) and most definitely Gaye. Gaye has a great sense of humour and definitely made out time at Swinton memorable and extremely friendly! We hope to return very soon! Katy xx",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or30-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Potentially a good wee find but....,Tried to review yesterday on arrival but no idea what happened!!  This has the potential to be very nice wee place but despite having contacted at time of booking and asking for a easy access room we were given room 12 - down a very steep set of stairs the first one right as you opened a door and with worn carpet. Room is pictured on website and its great what subtle lighting can do-linen and bedding spotless but room could do with a lick of paint and a bottle bleach in the bathroom.  The man on the desk was lovely and we were moved for our 2nd night to room 33 - accessed by normal stairs or lift. Room good size with what looks to be a new shower room ruined by a raggedy curtain.  Plenty toiletries / tea / biscuits Breakfast - cereal / toast / ham /cheese/ croissants but no…,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or30-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Tidy,"The room was small, as was the shower... But was well priced and good for a sleep (despite the room looking onto the busy Swinton Rd). The front of house staff were very helpful in storing bags, and providing information about the local area. Recommend for short budget stays.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or30-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here unless you're desperate,"I had sent a message that we would be checking in after 11pm and this was confirmed by Hotel. On arrival, the hotel was not as had appeared on the booking site and it was very run down although they were undertaking some refurbishment. it took ages to check us in and I wanted to pay cash but was told that £139 was already receipted to my debit card and it would take 30 days to refund to my account if I paid all cash. We were directed to Room 9 which was down a set of steep, narrow stairs with an immediate step as you opened the door at the top. An accident wIting to happen.  On entering the room it was dark and dingy and the carpet was absolutely filthy. There were hairs on my bedsheets and I'm sure I was bitten by something on the back of my neck. I scratched all night. The…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or35-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Excellent location close to St Pancras BUT - shower fell off wall, no hot water in sink & no plug. No double glazing so noisy. Generally rather shabby. Building work in progress with no warning + no free breakfast as advertised",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or35-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not much chance of sleep,"1am lots of traffic still hurling past honking horns with no sign of any let up,University students walking past shouting, in a twin room with my daughter, the beds are so narrow for adults that everytime she turns over she hits herself on the wall, noisy guests shutting their doors loudly. Roll on morning so I can go home and get some sleep. Hotel itself is in need of renovation ( which hopefully will include double glazing) but it does seem clean and staff seem friendly.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or35-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great hosts,"Initially I was annoyed that building works were in progress on arrival, nothing was mentioned either prior to booking or via email.However the staff were very accommodating to my elderly mum and dad.Nothing was too much trouble However bed was broken on my side and the pillows were like rock BUT my mum's room the bed was amazing and very comfy, pity I wasn't sleeping in that room.Overall it was a pleasant stay even though the bed was uncomfortable.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or35-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not very clean ,"This hotel was booked based on its location to where I was working, the price and the fact that it had hotel facilities. The plus was that they are currently in the process of renovating and so perhaps in a few months the reception will be more welcoming.  The downside was that the room had a feeling of not really being cleaned although it was tidy and the room and bathroom was in desperate need of a makeover. Breakfast is simple, but I can get by on toast and tea.  For the price I am not sure if this is value for money ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or35-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Grubby,"The place looks like it is under refurb or it desperately needs a refurb and looks nothing like the pictures on the website. However if you are only staying one night like we were then it will do the job. We were travelling from kings cross so needed easy access to the station and the prices were very cheap. If you can get over the worn out look of the tiny rooms and need a bed for the night then use it however if you have young children the windows have no security to them and are sash opening very wide and unsafe. The room was very hot and the shower was dripping all night, can't say I slept much as bed was rock solid. Staff didn't pay us much attention and breakfast was alright.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or40-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Looks nothing like pictures,Don’t be fooled the photos online is not the real thing! It’s just a cheap basic old room with a bed with bare minimum walking space. No heating! No fridge! Can hear every sound outside every car every person walk past! Complete dump! No idea how I’m going to sleep tonight with all the noise!,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or40-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Needs REALLY a makeover,"99 Pounds for a night in the worst ever hotelroom. Smelly, dirty, cold water in the shower and green water in a bottle on the table. The rest of the hotel was not better. I dont like to give bad reviews, but in this situation i need to do it....",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or40-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",No words.,"I booked this hotel with my friend for our first trip to London. The photos look nothing like what the actual rooms look like. When we walked in to the reception, it looks like something out of a horror movie, beyond dodgy. The lift is a death trap in itself. As for the room, very standard, cleanish, tiny wash room, not an actual bathroom as it states when you book it. When we booked this the photos looked not too bad, but that soon shifted as soon as we walked through the door. I felt like I was living in London's version of 'Hostel'. I most definitely will not return. The whole place needs a MAJOR redo. Please be careful when booking this and read all reviews on multiple platforms.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or40-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting place should not even get 1 star!,"Walls paper thin. Decor gross. Shower tray filled up, so quick shower, Mattress on bed wafer thin.Wifi a joke. TV no signal. People on desk "" nothing I can do, i will tell the manager"" £95 a night. Do yourself a favour and bed down at Kings Cross it will be much better. The place needs condemming!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or40-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",An interesting talking point!,A dated hotel undergoing much needed renovation. The staff we met were friendly and helpful. Room was small and fairly clean but extremely tired. Did have complimentary tea and coffee and biscuits. Shower very small but hot water aplenty. Breakfast was as expected. It served it’s purpose as a place to sleep before an early morning Eurostar.,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or45-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hmmmm,"Well, if all you need to do is put your head down before an early morning Eurostar crossing this will do, the staff we met were very friendly, there seems to be a lot of renovations going on and to be honest it is needed.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or45-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"The photos on the website are absolutely nothing like the room my partner and I ended up in.... the bed was metal and so uncomfy to sit on, we didn't last ten minutes before asking for a refund which was obviously refused. I told the guy on reception there are no photos on the website of the room we was put in, he assured me there was. Definitely is not. Very misleading and false advertising. I dread to think what the food would have been like I'd they think a room like this is acceptable. For £100 a night you would expect more. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or45-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"Stayed for one night with my family of 4 and thank god it was only one night!! Had to be up early for euro star train to Paris so in terms of location was good.But that's about it. The Hotel was filthy, wires hanging from room walls, was even to scared to take my socks off and walk on carpet barefoot. I have travelled the world and stayed in cleaner hostels. this would be an injustice to even call this a hostel. Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or45-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","PLEASE don’t waste your money at this disgusting, noisy hotel.","Long story short. Within 30 minutes it was clear I couldn’t stay at this filthy, dirty, noisy hotel. It’s on a main road with never ending loud traffic that the “double glazing” didn’t soundproof at all. I asked if they had a different room and was given the key to look at one in the basement, through about 8 doors. It was even smaller and more squalid and you could still hear the traffic, only this time you had the view of a concrete back yard with a burnt out bin and 2 rusty chairs.   I told the manager that wasn’t acceptable and wasn’t offered anything else or s refund so I could go elsewhere. That left either paying £60 for a train home or at least £90 for another hotel.  My husband drove for 2 1/2 hours when he finished work to come and take me home. I was tired and hungry,…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or45-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Nice basic hotel,"Stayed here as a last minute booking, for two nights, it's in the process of been renovated, our room was clean and comfortable. It seems a recent renovation room. The first night was a little chilly, asked for extra pillows and duvet for second night, which was much better. Complimentary tea/coffee, biscuits, and toiletry products.  Staff were friendly and helpful. And the lift was a godsend. Close to station, underground, pubs and shops. Would return.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or50-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice ,We have stayed for 2 days and we booked a twin room (2 adults + 1 child). They upgraded us into a superior room free of charge!   Everything was clean and it was cheap as well! The staff was very friendly and helpful!   I would definitely return again as it is near st Pancras ! ,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or50-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Tc,Not sure what to say probably the worst hotel I stayed in.Fely like I was in a prison cell have a look at photos.Matress the most uncomfortable ever been in.Was boiled in for breakfast but made a hasty retreat.television didn’t work,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or50-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE !!!!!!,"This hotel is disgusting. The rooms are no bigger than a prison cell, and look NOTHING like the pictures. The rooms are dirty and awful .   I had to change my room at 2am because the beds were so uncomfortable that my back was hurting . After making a big fuss , the guy at reception agreed to change my room to another prison cell. He did not want to give me one of the “boutique rooms” which is the rooms in the photos that are advertised .  The second bed was slightly better . I would never stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or50-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",After a few hours i noticed that the bed sheets were unclean. I looked further and there was HUMAN EXCREMENT,"My experience at this hotel was shocking. I came on a business trip and was greeted by a load of builders who made me feel uncomfortable. I was shown to my room which I could only describe as a prison cell.  I spent some time in the room working and after a few hours i noticed that the bed sheets were unclean. I looked further and there was HUMAN EXCREMENT and PUBIC HAIR on the bed sheet. I was horrified. When I asked the ""receptionist"" to clean the room, they offered me a room which I thought was kind. However, after settling into my new hotel room, they called me to ask why I had not checked the bedsheets when I first entered the room... I explained that although the room was rather tatty I would expect it to be clean....the receptionist said he expected me to check the entire…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or50-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",No frills hotel in great location.,"Stayed in the Swinton before catching the eurostar to Paris. The room was small and a little bit noisy if your at the front of the building,  but everything works and it's clean and you get what your paying for. There is only a 5 min walk to St Pancras and kings cross and there's a lot of good pubs and restaurants/diners to choose from. If you fancy excellent Chinese fast food to sit down, chop chop is highly recommended. No frills, but decent hotel...recommended. ..",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or55-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not what was advertised - very misleading. Would not stay there again ,"The photos advertised for this hotel were very misleading. Not what I saw at the hotel at all.  I felt very uncomfortable staying there. The room was tiny- which would have been ok. But I couldn’t close the window properly, the blind was broken and had a tear. The paint was chipped and coming off the walls. The carpet was filthy.  I unfortunately arrived late in the evening due to travel issues, if I had arrived at a reasonable time I wouldn’t have stayed there. I felt very uncomfortable.  The listing was extremely misleading.  It was like staying in a cheap hostel - not what I wanted for this business trip. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or55-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",needs updating,when we got to hotel reception area was very poor sofa was looking very old and worn when we went onto the stairs to go to our room walls were all dirty and marked carpet was shabby and worn doors to bed rooms were dark and very old  bed room had been decorator but was very small  to go to the bathroom there was a step down entering  the bathroom which  could be very dangers breakfast was shocking  cereals had been put out into bowls which should have been in  containers   was very  disappointed with this hotel  glad it was just for one night,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or55-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for the price,"Picked this hotel because we just wanted to stay somewhere cheap ish during a weekend trip to London. Price was 95 for a double room with private shower room. On arrival, reception were friendly, check in was smooth. Room was an ok size, what we expected really and we liked the style of the building as it was kind of old fashioned which we like. It was an absolutely freezing day/night and our room was like ice for most of the day. I didn't have a shower because I was way too cold to get undressed  During the evening the fire alarm went off 3 times. once at around 9pm, again at 11pm and then again at 1am. When I asked reception about this, they said it was due to it being so cold and guests taking hot showers and that 'it happens in loads of hotels'. Hmmmm, I'm not sure that's…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or55-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Desperately needs updating but cheap,"Just had 2 days at this hotel. I picked it being near to Kings Cross and on the way down to the Royal Courts of Justice.  It's in a very convenient location but is on a very loud main road. When I first went in to hotel my heart sank. It is extremely dilapidated and desperate for extensive repairs and decoration. However the staff were very pleasant and helpful.  We were on the 2nd floor facing the road. The stairs and public areas are awful.  On entering the room I thought I was in Colditz. It was like a cell.  Very small.  Having said all this the bed linen was clean as were the towels as was the bathroom. Tea and coffee facilities and soap shampoo etc supplied. Hairdryer fan and free WiFi. Breakfast was also fine. Continental various cereals, toast, croissants, ham and…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or55-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",No Electricity? No Gas? Nowhere to stay ,"Me and 5 friends were meant to stay in one of the booking.com apartments (35 swinton street) in September, we made our way to london on the 3pm train, to stay at the place that evening, and as we arrived into London we had an email saying that the apartment had no electricity or gas so we couldnt stay there! The place offered no alternatives and no sympathy on the phone, they failed to tell us that booking.com could sort us something out... so we were left stranded in london with nowhere to stay! Stay clear of this hotel!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or60-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,Reception area is like a taxi office - room on ground floor small - just enough space to get in the room and go around the bed - shower small and tap completely loose on the basin. Window about a meter from the main road and we couldn't lock it so anybody could come in - or open it as the room was uncomfortably hot because of the road noise. Sheets were clean - didn't look what was underneath!!!! Staff couldn't care if you were there or not! The photos in their brochure is nothing like what you get - to top it all I left my mac there !!,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or60-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Got what I wanted,"I booked a cheap hotel and I got a cheap hotel. It's rather basic in furniture. The street is a bit loud during the night and the hotel is not really pretty, but it's a place to sleep and it's near the station.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or60-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Needs some investment ,The only reason this isn’t a one star review is that the staff are pleasant.   - Ironing board is tiny and isn’t flat. Making ironing shirts impossible - Beds are horrendously uncomfortable. Dip at one side too - shower temperature fluctuates between hot and boiling throughout a shower - bathroom stinks - breakfast is basic. Coffee is terribly strong - one of the plugs next to the bed is hanging out of the socket and doesn’t work - windows do not stay open  - floorboards above room are loud when people walking upstairs  Serious reinvestment needed. Location is good. Staff pleasant and helpful. ,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or60-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Omg don’t go there!!,"The reception looked like a run down taxi booking room. Dirty needs cleaning, decorating - completely change everything about it. I wanted to cry as I walked in there!! The drinking water container was disgusting Our supervisor double room had a small fan - it was very hot. There wasn’t a wardrobe just a rail with cheap mismatch of plastic hangers. Tea coffee sugar supplied in a damp old tin with no milk. Water in a bottle with no label and had no fixed top. It had been filled from the tap? The hotel and rooms smelt of food. Outside our window was a flat roof with a ladder for easy access to burgers etc as well as our fire escape route. The window was difficult to secure as the fastening was broken. The bathroom door was a folding door which had been made by???? The room was…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or60-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, central but needs a lot of TLC!","Very basic room but we were only there for one night. The hotel was dated and needs some TLC! Ok if you just need to get your head down. We did struggle to keep the window open above our bed. We ended up propping it open with a bottle of sun cream! It is quite noisy so best to take some earplugs if you are a light sleeper. I’m not sure I would choose this hotel to stay in again but our room was clean, which is one of the main things! ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or65-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic and a bit run down,"Stayed here in a triple room with friends before travelling onward by rail to Continental Europe. Very basic hotel within a few minutes walk of Kings Cross Station, St Pancras International Station and Kings Cross St Pancras Underground Station. No frills here! However, the room was clean. Communal areas are shabby- there is a constant smell of cigarettes in the corridors despite allegedly being a non-smoking hotel and a general smell of mould in the basement corridors. Did not try the breakfast as there were considerably cheaper options around the hotel. This hotel is suitable to backpackers or small youth groups.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or65-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Its a dump!!,"Nothing like the pictures on the website, dont waste your money on this place. Ive thrown better furniture out in the tip, oooh and a poor excuse for a wardrobe this is as good as it gets and the view from the window is as good as you will get!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or65-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Modest but clean rooms, centrally located, clean.","For travelers on a budget this is the place to stay. The location was close to the train station, pubs the open top bus pick up, groceries, take away breakfast.  Air conditioning was absent an really needed during a heat wave,  Staff was friendly and I will stay there again. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or65-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, dangerous place - Avoid","When I booked this for a one night stay the website showed a smart - comtempary apartment. How wrong could it be.  Our ""apartment"" was in the basement. There was no means of fire escape had one broken out at the top of the narrow staircase. The room, lets call it that, was small, cramped, smelt awful. The bathroom door could only just be opened as it hit the side of the bed (about that next) & the shower cubicle was only big enough for a small child. The bed, was basically a mattress on the floor. When we arrived at the property the door had to be shoulder barged to get it to open & despite assurances it would be fixed it wasn't.  Thanks for the lovely resident that decided to play music at 11.30pm.  I could go on, but would simply say avoid this & pay a little more for one of…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or65-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing is an understatement!," Room 17 -- Awful. One reason for choosing this hotel was that it had a lift. Booked three months in advance and specified my companion had limited mobility and would be using a wheelchair or walking aid. Room was ground floor, along narrow corridors with 3 fire doors not wide enough to get the wheelchair through and no room to manoeuvre. Had to fold chair and struggle walking. Room was very small, dirty and faced onto noisy road. In the July heatwave had to have window open all night so there was a lot of traffic noise. Roller blind was filthy, no curtains, window repaired but unfinished (bare unpainted wood), clothes rail above kettle, towels were washed but grey white, sheets and p/cases were clean but mattress smelled and pillows were old and thin. En suite was very small…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or70-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",recomended for very short stays,We were travelling as a couple and had to meet a few friends and tour a few spots in London. We spent one night. Would not recommend more than that. It is clean and functional for very short stays and suited for budget travel. Obviously at this price one wouldn't expect a better accomodation than this in central London. Breakfast was also functional. Staff helpful.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or70-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Clean & functional ,"I stayed here for 2 nights. I was mainly sightseeing and going to shows and only booked here as I was getting Eurostar and it is in a great location for kings cross and all the places to eat around it.   The rooms are small but very clean. The shower and toilet were fine with towels and shower gel sachets provided. Staff on reception were friendly and helpful. It was a 24hr hotel so you leave your key with them when you leave and they always have someone there to give it back to you.   Downsides are that rooms face out onto the road and it’s a proper busy road. I took ear plugs after reading about noise on here. They are essential for some sleep, it’s not just a bit of traffic it’s a lot of very noisy traffic. It sounds like it’s in your room. It’s also very warm.  Overall a…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or70-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible stay, rundown, stuffy, and filthy","I would have given this hotel a negative rating if it were possible.  A colleague and I were in London for a few days on a business trip and we needed to find a hotel near King's Cross St. Pancras. We decided to get two rooms in the Swinton Hotel as it looked OK when we saw it on the booking website.  We arrived at noon and the rooms weren't ready yet, so the receptionist gently offered to hold our luggage and suggested that we get something to eat and then go back at 13:00 to find our rooms ready.   As soon as we got back after lunch, we checked in, were given rooms two floors apart, and the first thing that we were told was ""sorry guys I'm afraid the lift's out of order"". See photos attached.  Up the stairs we went with our suitcases. I got into my room and the almost got…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or70-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",london break,when booking asked for a room at the rear was allocated room 17 at the front changed with no issues room 32 small but o.k  en suite shower/toilet room clean a little shabby basic continental breakfast but o.k considering this is central london minutes from kings cross the hotel is very good value,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or70-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel,"The hotel maybe old and provides the bare minimal but the proximity to Kingcross St Pancras station and amenities, override the negatives of the facility. Not forgetting that it provides good breakfast too. In conclusion, a decent accommodation if it is just a place to sleep.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or75-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Ok... But...,Had a lovely welcome from the guy on reception... Helpful and friendly... The room we had was room 7 in the basement... Small but clean and it looked like it had recently been refurbished... Nice... Firstly the tv had hardly any channels on it.. So rescanned it.. But no more channels was found.. And the channels missing was the basic 1 to 5.. The wifi was awful.. So intermittent.. But more off than on to be honest.. It really needs to be improved so it can reach every room.. And we wasn't the only one to have problems as we heard someone else complaining about it. The shower room is small.. But the shower was lovely and powerful. The cost of the hotel is probably more down to its location than the hotel its self.. Close to everything.. Really good.. It wants updating. The…,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or75-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointment ,"Finding hotels in central London can be difficult and expensive, based on the site I used to book the hotel it seemed good enough for it’s price, pictures misled us 100%, the room was so small we barely had room for our luggage, beds were terrible, the bathroom was so small and difficult to move around. The hallways are weird, we had to go thru 4 or 5 doors to get to our room. Receptionist were not the friendliest either.  On the positive side, the breakfast was good, more than what I would had expected, rooms were clean, the hotel it’s located close to restaurants, pubs, stores, King’s Cross station, parks and museums.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or75-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic but with HUGE potential!,"Stayed with my family for 3 nights over the weekend. Friday-Monday morning. Lovely welcome from the gent on reception Friday, all the staff were helpful and were very approachable to ask any questions 24/7. Our room in the basement on the front of the hotel was warm so we kept the windows open. Yes, it was a busy road it’s London, that didn’t affect our sleep at all. The beds are so comfy! We all slept really well. The maids changed/made our beds daily with fresh towels everyday. Hand soap, shower gel, tea/coffee/biscuit facility replenished daily. The shower doesn’t look anything but it really is a lovely powerful shower. No problem with water temperature just be careful you don’t knock the handle whilst your scrubbing your back!   Now for the negatives:  First impressions are…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or75-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Too expensive for 2 Star Hotel,"I booked other hotel with good services/facilities.  My sister and I had to take early train advanced booking to Haymarket, Edinburgh on the next day and she didn't like to wake up early.  So I cancelled that hotel to get the other hotel that close to King Cross Station.  It offered the cheapest price at 72 Pounds/night for a twin bed room in that area.  It's a bit far from King Cross Station but you can avoid traffic on Tube during rush hours in the morning. The room I got and stayed overnight was small and quite old but it's on the ground floor so we didn't have to drag our big luggage up.  The bathroom was small with a shower and several pack of shampoo and soap.  There was a small and low table for an electric kettle with 2 packs each of tea & instant coffee.  It's just OK…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or75-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"A no frills hotel offering excellent value for money. Good location, a short walk from Kings Cross. Staff were all polite and efficient. The room was very basic, but all you need for an overnight stay.  Clean enough, and comfortable enough. Free Wi-fi, TV and tea making facilities. Bathroom clean, but the shower not the best. Superb price for central London",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or80-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and OK,"Could need some maintenance, but clean and nice. Friedly staff. 10 min walk from Kings Cross. Continental breakfast. Some noice from the street, but what do you expect in a large city? Can stay here again, definately.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or80-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t even think of staying here unless you’re profoundly deaf,"Basic room, relatively clean, but noisy as holy hell. No air con meant the window had to be left open, and even being virtually comatose with tiredness and having taken codeine before bed I barely slept due to the traffic and banging around in the hotel.   People were complaining about the noise when I checked out, with the guy on reception acting incredulously as if it had never happened before.   Avoid if you want to sleep.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or80-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Under-average stay!,"Only stayed one night as had a work party in the area, but staff were more than happy to let me into the room early.   I read from previous reviews that the front of the hotel was directly next to a road, however I didn't realise this was a major road, and a major bus route! Buses stopped running about 2am then started up at 4am, so sleep was near impossible! Didn't help that the radiator in the room was broken so it was like an oven in there 24/7, couldn't open the window because of the road noise either.  Made myself a cup of tea in the morning, went to take the teabag out of the cup and it broke - obviously hadn't been used in a long long time and made me want to leave even sooner once I got out of bed.   Only upside to the whole stay was that the bed was extremely…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or80-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Budget price, budget quality, amazing location.","This was the second time we had stayed in this hotel. The first time (last autumn) we got a room on the ground floor at the back. It was quietish. This visit we had a second floor room at the front, facing Swinton Street. We quickly found that the road never stops and were very glad to remember that we had ear plugs with us as otherwise we would not have slept. The floor of the room was not level and was like living in the 'Crooked House'. A wardrobe was on a piece of wood to keep it upright. The phone socket was hanging off the wall and on two different evenings the fire alarm went off! On both occasions when it stopped (after about 30 seconds) I rang the desk to be told that a guest had set it off with their shower. Not sure how? Breakfast was plentiful but the croissants are…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or80-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Broken window dirty walls and carpets. Avoid!,Broken plate glass window pane. Broken kettle. Broken hairdryer. Dirty walls and dirty carpets.  Managers answer was to sellotape broken window pane. Family rooms are ground floor? Not safe in our opinion when you have children with you. Dumped dishwasher and fridge in 'garden' along with many cig ends and other rubbish. How this place can be classed as family friendly is simply baffling. We skipped breakfast as we didn't want to hang around. Oh and they took the £146 fee before we even arrived from our credit card? I wonder why?? Avoid at all costs.  ,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or85-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Needs attention,"Stayed in the apartments run by the Hotel.  There was not one item or room that didn't have something needing attention that had been ""fixed"" with celo tape.  The door did not have a method of locking that allowed it be secured from the inside with only a keypad externally on the door.  ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or85-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",One night mid week stay,"Did as it said it would, not plush in anyway but was clean and the staff were friendly enough. Cost far less than some of the well known chains so as far as I am concerned good value for money. Decent location as well being 10 minutes from St Pancras/Kings Cross",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or85-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Spectacular Value,"A few hundred yards from King's Cross, small and modest in appearance, but spectacularly good value for a London hotel. Courteous greeting, clean and entirely adequate room, including ensuite, tv and tea-making equipment. Wi-fi included. Sufficient breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or85-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Really good for the price,Really good for the price.I liked breakfast. the room was ok. Bathroom was ok. I really liked the hotel and definitely recommend it to my friends.It was not poossible to open the window due to fixed secondary glazing. It got very stuiffy.,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or85-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for the price paid. ,We stayed here in November. We had two rooms and both had clean bedding.  The rooms were small but the beds were fine.  He shower could have had a bit more power but for one night it was fine.   The heater was very hot so no problems there.  For breakfast we had ample to eat with an assortment of pastries breads and cereals. Nothing fantastic but it was all fresh and the coffee hot.   I stay in London a lot and I won’t hesitate to go again to this hotel. ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or90-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Does What It Says On The Tin ,"Hotel is close to all bus, train and underground routes. Rooms were small clean and had everything we needed for a two day visit. Yes they need updating but if you are site seeing not in your room much anyway. Shower was hot and towels were soft and fluffy. Breakfast was everything we needed cereal toast tea ir coffee. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely visit again,well worth what we paid. Thanks to all☺ ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or90-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Gosh visit,Stayed here with my 6yr old grandaughter prior to a visit to great Ormond street hospital.   Room was clean but basic. Didnt expect much more for the price.  Shower was good.bed comfortable.  Everthing abit shabby.but didnt pay much so didnt expect much.  Really helpful man at the desk.gave us a map and clear directions to hospital in morning.  Slept well so missed breakfast.  Will defo stay again ,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or90-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful ,"For what we paid this place did the trick. Good location (10 min walk from Kingscross/st pancreas station) continental breakfast included, friendly staff & everything in the room you need at a basic level.  Hotel is opened 24hours so you can leave your room key with them when going out.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or90-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Swinton,"Thought this hotel was basic but only paid £56.00 for a single room so quite happy with that comparef to some hoteld that i have had over the years Staff all made me feel welcome, plenty to est if you want it, room small but bed really comfortable, tea and coffee  in room plus biscuits which was quite refreshing firstbthing in the morning when i woke up Will not hesitate to recommend tjis hotel despite some other reviews",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or90-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good for option for a couple nights. ,"I stayed at this hotel two nights at weekend. Chosen this hotel as I was going to travel to Paris from St. Pancras on Monday. Location is great as is about 10 minutes walking from it.  Hotel, room and bathroom was clean but as it’s really dated it could look dirty at first sight.  Room have TV, hairdryer and coffee/tea plus biscuits, what I really appreciated.  Bathroom was ok, shower was working perfectly and enough towels and toiletries provided.  Problem about the room is it was really tiny therefore bed was really, really small too. First thought was I will fall down from it at night.  Staff was friendly and helpful, but considering all, I find the price little bit high for the overall offered. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or95-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Close to hospital,Was clean but in need of an urgent update.  Was anxious as soon as l entered the room that my husband or l would trip on the step up flooring. The blind didn't want to pull down but biggest fault was during showing the glass panel door came of in my hand while trying to close it fully. Luckily l had finished showering so propped it up inside the shower then mopped the floor up so my husband didn't slip over when he came in to wash ( not shower ) lol. Breakfast was an experience as a woman stood by a toaster asking if you would like brown or white toast and cereals already in the bowls. Wonder how many times these were in and out of there packages. Have to say a lovely coffee and the ham was nice.  When we checked out l told the the guy on reception the shower door had come of…,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or95-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Stay for location......not for anything else:),Ok....i was in the army...and I have slept in holes in the ground and on top of tank so it takes a lot for me to go wow.   We got this hotel as it's near st pancras.so easy for travel everywhere. That is pretty much where the positives stop:)  The welcoming staff are nice..good start. Paid for room. Went up to to the 3rd floor.   Cons of room.   Window let in so much wind Dated....and I don't just mean dates I mean  I felt like I was in school lol Toilet seat broke Kettle in room but sink so small u can do it up:))))))))) (I used shower) Mould Shabby Basic.com  Pros  Very comfy bed.warm duvet  The list is so old even I took stairs.  After admittedly a comfy night in the ...windswept. we went down for breakfast. Now £99 without breakfast would be a top of so with it I could live…,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or95-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",We needed a cheap-ish overnight stay.,"The hotel was 'tired' looking and really would benefit from a lick of paint , some maintenance and a good carpet clean. We were in room 53. There was a horrendous smell in the bathroom, I refilled the water trap in the wash basin and shower, and also soaked a towel and put it over the drain in the shower. On further investigation it appeared that there was no seal from the toilet cone into the outlet. I filled the gap with scrunched up toilet paper [photo taken] which improved the situation almost immediately. We were actually too tired to complain at the time and we were given the impression that the hotel was full, so we just went to bed keeping the bathroom door closed. Interestingly,  when I reported this the following morning the maintenance manager didn't seem surprised…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or95-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Swinton! The staff was welcoming, and our room, though quite small, was cozy and clean. They had biscuits waiting for us in our room, and there were lots of fresh towels and linens. Overall it was very quiet and relaxing to come back to at the end of the day. Also great location! Walking distance to Kings Cross and other nearby sights. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or95-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced dump.,"Awful. Dated decorations, dirty, mould and damp in the room, noisy. Breakfast consisted of the cheapest food you could buy, served in the most over crowded room.   The photos on the website are very cleverly positioned and obviously a long time ago before the decor fell off the walls. Don't be fooled.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or100-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I have stayed in,"The overall outside appearance is not welcoming, when arriving at the entrance door you are faced with bells and buzzers (which is fine - I like the security) but then you get faced with a miserable looking man behind a split glass window with a glare I cannot describe it any differently, not a welcoming smile or greeting!!!!!!  We checked in after he gave the impression we had not got a booking and was told to go down the stairs to our room in the basement.  I know this is a very common occurrence to be sent to the basement in London - or other large cities, but we opened the room door and was faced with a large window facing a dirty un-whitewashed wall, with a rusty escape ladder going accross the space BUT when looking closer there were cigarette butts all over the floor…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or100-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not pleasant!,"I've never written a review for a booking site before but felt I had to after a horrible stay at the Swinton. The reviews on another site were generally good and it looked okay from the photos, but the reality was very different. Myself and my colleague stayed here for one night as we needed to be in London for work and the location was convenient, and I'm glad it was just the one night!   The moment we stepped through the front door it was uncomfortably hot and looked run down and not very welcoming and, after using the manky lift, we squeezed into our awful room. The smell of damp/mustiness was overwhelming and the room was cramped and shabby and unbearably stuffy. There was no shampoo, shower gel etc provided and the metal (why??) shelf in the tiny bathroom was absolutely…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or100-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",I thought it would be better ,The photos look good on the website but in reality not so good.... No parking... Price was good get what you pay for don't think you'll get 3 star at all... Big down fall TV was rubbish in terms of signal could only watch channel 5 and ITV 2 which you don't except these days.... Also the traffic noise was too much. ,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or100-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel. Good price.,"Everything was great, the price is very good for the location. We were a group of five in one room, the room was big with a backyard. The only disadvantage was the mess at the backyard it was dirty, but useful to go out for a smoke. Breakfast included, great location for good price. We are glad for staying there.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or100-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not so cleanly,"It costed $240/3nights included breakfast, private bathroom. It's good deal in that area.  • reception is 24 hours open and staff are kind.  •location is not so bad for London sightseeing. It located near by the station and also London city has huge bus connection. But, Kings Cross are it's quite dangerous area. You have to care for this point.   •breakfast is as the photo.  •bathroom is passable.  ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or105-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, do not stay here.","We arrived late and were very tired after a long journey and were told our bedroom was down in the basement. Booked because of location and reviews/photos on another website. Clearly, those photos are of some other, nice, place.  We squeezed down the tiny corridor into the room which was dark, dingy, humid, had no ventilation other than a door that led out to a courtyard which was covered in disgusting rubbish.  The wall had a hole in it that looked like someone had punched it, the brown carpet had questionable stains and I was so tired, I was too scared to look closely at the bed linen. It was so warm, neither of us slept at all. The toilet was another level. Basically you can have a shower as you pee if you want. No space for storage.  When we complained that this wasn't what…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or105-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Worst nights sleep ever !!!,"Omg where do I begin. I booked this hotel for myself, my husband and 3year old son. The site said the room and bed would be big enough for 2 adults and a child sharing. My 3year generally co sleeps with us at home anyway. Perfect I thought, it's one night!!! Thank God it was only one night. We were given room 7 in the basement, apparently it's a nice room the guy at reception said.  Nice if your used to sleeping in a tip. The room was no wider than a super king bed and the bed was a standard double. Quite a tight fit for 2 adults and a toddler. There was a patio door that led out to the garden, no windows which we didn't notice till we were baking in the 30°c during the night. The garden clearly had someone sleeping in it as there was a double bed dumped right by our door, maybe…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or105-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate Lodging,"Walking distance from Kings Cross station, but difficult with luggage. Beds were comfy. Rooms clean. Staff friendly. Close to restaurants, convenience stores. Uber accessible. Light morning food. Ask for room at back of facility to eliminate street noise. Reasonable prices, but no extras. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or105-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting, Shabby and Slum-like","The posting for the Swinton Hotel on the booking dot com site that we booked through for this hotel largely misrepresents the hotel. The pictures and description are either entirely fictional or are from a time long past. We had booked because it had a lift and then upon arrival had been booked into the basement anyway. That basement stairwell & hallways are narrow (surely a fire hazard) and the room smelly, shabby and looked out into a garbage filled space. The hotel is dingy, depressing & feels very uncared for and unsafe. I just cannot say enough how horrible this hotel is. Though I already decided not to stay-just on the condition of the lobby- I did look at the rooms we had been booked into and THEN I literally ran down the street to find alternate arrangements (which I…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or105-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,Hotel was comfortable but old furniture and little bit dirty. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was nice but I miss a fruit or vegetable. I and my friend paid 80£ per night I don't think this was for this price! ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or110-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",London,"This hotel leaves a lot to be desired! The location isn't as close as you think to St Pancras especially when you are loaded down with bags and you have to walk through some dodgy streets to get there, which made me feel very unsafe. The room was clean which was a bonus as it was in severe need of a paint job and refurbishment. We paid £79 for the night which appeared very expensive for the service we got. We did request a wake up call at 5.30, which we received so there are some positives about the experience but unfortunately the bad outweigh the good. I wouldn't choose to stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or110-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but that's all!,"The bed was comfy and the staff friendly but the hotel itself is in major need of refurbishment.  The window was broken, toilet flush broken, decor dated, dirty and chipped.  The staff must be aware of this as they were very willing to offer room swops but all rooms were of similar standard.  The breakfast was toast and cereal - broken toaster, warm milk, crowded dining room!   Overpriced for 3 people sharing one dark basement room.  It could be great with a little tlc! ",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or110-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Rooms are not bad, good service","The room wasn't very special, but served my needs well. Might need some redecoration and repairs, but overall good value. Continental Breakfast was nice. Receptionists were very friendly. Good location. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or110-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient location, clean and functional.",A good hotel in a central location. No frills but certainly clean and comfortable. Nice wet room shower. I will definitely stay there again as the staff are pleasant and the hotel relatively quiet given its location. On street parking available at a cost.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or110-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the Money,"I'm usually in London for 2/3 days a week, this is my first choice of places to stay. Its close to Kings Cross, the rooms clean, are all en-suite, the beds comfy and fresh towels provided every day, you even get breakfast included in the price. The Staff are always friendly & helpful. But most of all its reasonably priced compare to many of the other hotels I've stayed in, in this area.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or115-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Top of the range suite,Excellent stay in Wensleydale suite. Good food but the restaurant was rather overpriced. Extensive grounds to walk round. Only real negative was getting Reception to answer the phone. In the end I had to make the not inconsiderable trek in person to speak to someone. ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or115-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",great value b and b,"the place is about 10 minutes walk from kings cross station when we arrived we were given keys and told there is a 24 hour service so we could drop them off every time we went out which was very handy. the rooms were great with lovely comfy beds I had a single and my friends had a twin both ensuite. the bathrooms were nice with good showers and rooms have colour tvs, tea and coffee and kettle and there is also a hairdryer in there too. breakfast was continental and delicious and the staff were very polite and helpful. we were also allowed to leave our bags and pick them up when our train home was due which was very nice of them nothing was too much trouble would certainly stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or115-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never again ,Got to hotel staff all friendly enough got to room  Room very small and not in very good condition window was half broken kept moving  We asked for a fan as no air what so ever and said they didn't have one  Room all hot all night could hardly sleep  Breakfast - don't get me started no cooking options just toast and cereal me and fiancé were very disappointed never met a hotel who has no cooking breakfast options other half only had toast as doesn't like cereal   Will defiantly not be returning very disappointing ,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or115-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Greatly improving,"In terms of budget hotels in London this hotel feels safe, clean and the staff are very helpful. The rooms are tight but have everything you need , including a kettle, tea, coffee and biscuits!! Which for London is a real treat. Breakfast is generally included in the price, which is great. The location is good for public transport and its a short walk for places to eat. I  have stayed at this hotel several times over the years and have noticed a significant improvement. You could do a lot worse than stay here!",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or115-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",2 nights ,I've stayed in a single room. The room was quite small but it has a comfortable bed and TV. The bathroom was clean although there wasn't any curtains so when I had a shower all the bathroom got wet. The continental breakfast was OK. I think the price was expensive for the single room but overall it was OK,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or120-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Located near Kings Cross - unfortunately this is the only positive thing to say about Swinton Hotel. Towels were as dirty as the shower. Very little room. No place to store your clothes, no way to close the window properly so it was cold and windy. No clean linnen for the bed. Do not look under the bed: the floor has not seen a vaccum-cleaner for weeks... ",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or120-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Gig digs,Husband and i stayed here sat 1st of july as we had a gig in hyde park. Easy enough to find and found parking nearby through just park. Hotel was clean and tidy. Only had a small room but was ideal. Paid 130 for the night this included breakfast which we didnt sample. Reception helpful and polite. 10 mins walk from kings cross station so super central. Ideal if u just want a bed for the night.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or120-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Kind staff helped me in emergency,"I left my passport at the hotel, and only realised upon arrival at Gatwick airport, for a flight I needed to catch. The man at the reception was so kind and helpful. Although he'd officially finished work, he found the passport and called several cab companies.   Thank you Swinton for hiring this great guy. I'm not sure his name. He was working the night shift Fri/Sat July 1, and clocked off at 8am. Please pass on my thanks to him and the manager.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or120-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Just ok,Found staff to be friendly.Stayed in room 45 which was clean but in need of a bit of refurbishment but as i was only staying for one night this was not a problem.No window locks and ill fitting blind at window but in its defence the bed was fine and the shower perfectly adequate.Stairs to room a bit of a pain and carpets could do with a good clean.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or120-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN,We spent last night in room 17 and all I can say is we should have taken our sleeping bags and stayed outside kings cross station . we go to London 6' 7 times a year what with football or concerts and usually stay in premier inn or travel lodge but due to high prices decided on this hell hole 'what a bad decision it was .we arrived to a stick holding up the window and a used razor in the corner of the room 'there was rubbish under the bed 'tv did not work which is not a fuss but to some it is 'shelves fell off 'no fan or any kind of ventilation just the window which didnt lock from the inside neither did the room door so we had to put the bed behind when we decided to lay on top of the bed to try and rest so all I can say is please avoid and do not waste money on a place lie…,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or125-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff member,"The hotel was average, but I have no complaints about my room. Most of the staff were friendly and very helpful. Except for one who was very rude and unhelpful. He would hardly look up from his phone when being asked for room keys, just continued looking at his phone. One night, I asked for a fan as it was a very hot room. He was very unhelpful and responded only with a disgruntled expression and shook his head. One night, arriving back at the hotel at 11pm (having been told the hotel was 24 hour and that there would always be someone on the desk), said staff member had left the desk and the door was locked. This meant that myself and a few other guests were stuck outside. We were stuck outside for roughly 40 minutes, having rung the door bell, the hotels phone number and…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or125-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly and convenient budget hotel,"If you're looking for a basic hotel in a great location and don't want to pay too much, this hotel is a great option. The building is old and the rooms a bit small, but it's clean, the front desk staff is friendly and helpful, and it's only a short walk from Kings Cross station, with plenty of great places to eat nearby. I would definitely stay there again!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or125-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly service - horrible hotel,The greeting was warm and friendly on reception. Unfortunately that's where the good part ended. The room was unsafe (no locks on windows). The bed was ancient and the mattress was lumpy and dirty. The sheets were clean but had holes in. The pillows were lumpy and not comfy. There were used bathroom product packets in the shower from the last guest. The toilet and shower had been cleaned but the toilet brush was disgusting. The lamp in the bedroom had stains all over the shade. It was really a not nice place to stay other than the kind staff. The view from the room was nice. Better looking out than in! We won't be back. ,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or125-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Yuck !!!,Smelly place ! Biscuits in the room were from 1952 or earlier !! Only go if ure on a budget otherwise avoid . We were wet in the rain and asked to start the heating and were told to shut the windows take the blanket and sleep !! Only after we demanded a refund(which we weren't given ) did the manager gave us a portable heater and extra blankets !!!!! Hated my stay . ,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or125-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Two night stay in twin room,"My cousin and I were attending an event in London on 16th May so we decided to have a two night ""mini break"".  We booked this hotel as it is close to Kings Cross station and the tube and the price was right for the location.    The cons:   First impressions are that the hotel really does need a refurbishment but I was told that this will be undertaken sometime this year.  The carpets are worn and stained.   There is no air conditioning.  The bedrooms do have radiators although I cannot vouch for their warmth in colder months. There are lots of stairs and no lift unsuitable for the less able.  It is a budget, no frills hotel so I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic/special occasion or indeed for more pampered clientele.  The pros:   Check in and check out is quick and…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or130-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location at reasonable price,"Swinton hotel is located at 10 minutes by walk from St Pancrass station. Compared to a lot of hotels in the surroundings, this one is of very good quality: not too small rooms, quite well-equipped, very clean. The breakfast buffet is small but of good quality. The price is really reasonable for London. The street is not calm. Maybe ask rooms at the back of the hotel or take your earplugs with you ;-)",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or130-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best place in London But definately a hotell with a lot of potential,"Not worth the price.Made me wonder what I paid for. Poor cleaning, no glass. oldy trash mold  and bedsheets. Thick dust and dirt around the doors, frames. Dirty carpets,broken bedside tables.Everything sluggish but with refreshment and good cleaning staff,it would be topclass. Bathroom newly renovated but  No glass. Shampoo and soap thrown behind the toilet. No hooks for the towels. Thank you for fresh towels every day. The first day really nice breakfast staff but then really rude. Angry when I wanted breakfast in the room because of full dining room. Works as a last resort but otherwise Never again.So easy to find a good for the same cost.No wounder this hotel has no refound. People would leave",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or130-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for a weekend away,"Perfect for a base for exploring London, a 10 minute walk from kings cross and st pancreas.  Not a good choice if you want luxury but cheap and cheerful if your going to be out and about during your visit. Staff were very friendly upon arrival and we were able to choose which floor we wanted our room on. Will be staying here again later in the year.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or130-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Ok Accommodations near St Pancras ,"The location is great,  but the road noise is constant all night long. The room is compact & clean and so was the bathroom,  but there wasn't a hook in the bathroom to hold the towel. It includes breakfast,  but only the toast is hot; everything else is cold cereal or ham.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or130-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Very bad hotel, good location","Stayed here for 2 nights in a single room. The room was extremely small. Only a single bed, a small clothesrack, and a little christ of drawers, and the room was full. The bathroom was ""all in one"", no separate shower or shower curtain, so if you shower, the toilet and the sink were Soaking wet as well. The door to the bathroom was flaky. Due to all the water, it had swollen up some time in the past, and now, the underside was rotting away. The room was extremely noisy: street noises were not blocked at all. Which made for 2 nights of minimal sleep... Breakfast was very sober. The breakfastroom was very small as well. Croissants in a plastic bag, some buns and cornflakes. No fruit, yoghurt,... Coffee was ok though. So, the only 2 pro's for this hotel: location close to the…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or135-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Below expectations,"One of the cheaper establishments in central London, however also one of the shabbiest.  Positives included the speed of the Wifi, the efficiency at reception and the proximity to London Kings Cross railway station and underground.  However, the decor is very dated, with evidence of pealing wall paper. The room was very small, with equally small beds. In the bathroom, it took a long time to get hot water. It should also be noted that some of the tiles were dirty. Worse of all, there was an unpleasant smell lingering around the room and hotel.  Breakfast was mediocre, with an unappetising continental buffet. Some of the staff were also busy playing on their phones.  All in all, not what I would expect from a central London establishment.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or135-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable for the money ,"Obviously this is a budget hotel so don't come expecting the ritz 😂 it's clean, practical and good if your exploring London and just need somewhere to shower and sleep! We had a double room and I have to say the bed was slightly small but it's not too bad. The staff were really helpful and did whatever we asked of them. You can leave your suitcases there for £2.50 a day/bag. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or135-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Meh,"Not a great hotel. No matter how many bad reviews, I don't think this hotel is going to improve.. just over 200 for 2 nights, not worth the price.  The walls and blinds were dirty, as was most things around the room and hotel. The bed was pretty stiff. Shower was cold the first night? Worked ok second night. The lift is also a very unpleasant experience..   Breakfast was ok, staff are fairly polite.  Probably wouldn't stay again, only plus side really was that it's close to the station. Disappointed!",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or135-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel - no frills 1 night stay,"This was a last minute booking for a 1 night stay to attend a very early appointment the next morning at Barts hospital. We stayed in room number 20 which is a ground floor twin room at the front of the hotel, next to the road. Consequently there is traffic noise from the road all the time. First impression of the room was scruffy and dated.  Only a black-out blind at the window - the addition of curtains would make it feel warmer and block out some of the road noise. There is a radiator in the room but the heating wasn't on. In the morning the room was quite cold, the duvets were thin and there were no blankets supplied. When we went for breakfast the reception area was lovely and warm! The TV was an old fashioned box type very high up on the wall, I had to clean the screen it…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or135-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and a 1 night only stay,"We stayed in a twin room which was really small..  Less rooms would make a big difference.  The bathroom was extremely small and for a larger lady, like myself, the shower enclosure was a struggle.  Everything is too close together - scraped knuckles from trying to flush and hitting the shower enclosure.. On the plus side, there were clean towels in the room and a decent sized wardrobe and drawers. there were coffee/tea making facilities in the room and a very pleasant continental breakfast served on both mornings. Will not stay again, but was ok for this 2 night stay.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or140-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Awful stay,"Worse night ever. No heating, no lamp and hair dryer not working. Triple room. Blind did not fit window street light lit room up all night. Bed next to window freezing cold.  Smelt of weed. Would not recommend ",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or140-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but still not good value,The staff were friendly and the location good but that's were the positives end. Only stayed here one night and wouldn't stay again. The hotel was small and cramped and my double room was more like a prison cell than a hotel room. Very basic and not very clean.,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or140-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A very good budget hotel,"We wanted a cheap overnight stay as we were visiting for a show. We have stayed here before about 6 years ago. You can't really fault it for the price! We paid £69 for a twin room on 2nd floor which included breakfast. Tea making facilities in the room and a shower room, good old basic TV but what do you expect for that money. Can certainly recommend it.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or140-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",OK to get your head down following a night out,"Needed somewhere inexpensive to stay in King's Cross area as meeting daughter and then heading out to see a band. Not far from station, facilities adequate and no complaints about price. Receptionist was friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or140-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Bearable if you ignore all 5 of your senses,"Learnt the long way. Unfortunately discounted for a reason. ☘️ was being smoked in the corridors and room was dirty. However, Bathroom ok and sheets clean. More of a victorian hostel than hotel vibe. Reception staff friendly enough. Didn't risk the continental breakfast ",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or145-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Massively basic, alright for a one night stay","Well given the cheap price of just 66 pound my hopes weren't up anyway. However the room was literally tiny and the bathroom were a wet room, meaning if you had a shower you would have to wait ages till you could use the bathroom without getting wet. The room did have good wifi and have a TV. The location is good as it is right near Kings Cross station and the staff are very polite in fairness. It is an alright hotel to stay in, just don't expect a lot from it though.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or145-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Meh,"We stayed here for one night near Christmas as we were struggling to find somewhere to stay. On a positive note, it was close to the station and easy to find. For £60, we had a VERY basic room, there was a concealed step near the bed which was quite dangerous, a shelf falling off the wall and wires for the TV traipsing across the mirror. It was very noisy in the morning with doors banging and the walls being thin (the rooms are all in very close proximity). The window in our bedroom didn't lock either so left us feeling a little unsafe leaving our belongings in there. (There is a safe for valuables but we couldn't put all of our clothes in there!!). We didn't stay to try the breakfast so can't comment on that. The bathroom was clean and the staff were polite but I would say if…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or145-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel ,"The Swinton Hotel is a comfortable, clean and cheap hotel for the location. Me and my partner stayed for two nights at Christmas time and had no problems what so ever the facilities were great, the staff we polite and always greeted us with a smile. If you are looking for a hotel to drop in and out of as you explore London then this is the place to book, no where compared in price and location.  Thank you so much Swinton Hotel from Connor and Charlotte, shall definitely be returning! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or145-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","No Frills , Good Location","Spent 2 nights , needed a  station near St. Pancreas as I was going to Paris.  No frills, decor very dated. Still not very cheap at £71 a night but saying that it's London.  Breakfast basic but good. Staff helpful and pleaseant.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or145-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, clean and does the job.","As the title says, it is cheap clean and servicable. The rooms are basic but ok, breakfast is continental, but more than adequate. £7 to £12 taxi to Kings Cross though, and £15 to £25 to Covent Garden area, so factor this in when costing. Friendly staff.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or150-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap for a reason!! 😡😡,"Stayed here for one night on the 12th November, easy to find and close to the stations but that's about it on the positives.   However on arrival our room wasn't ready, cot requested but no cot in room.  We were told we'd have the larger double room because we had to have the cot in for our 3 month old girl however upon looking at the room the cot didn't fit and there was no space.   We ended up swapping with a family member to then find the second room we went into was horrendous. Radiator on full couldn't switch it off manually as it was broken and also the staff couldn't turn it off because heating didn't go off until early hours in the morning. The room was like a sauna and very dangerous for our little girl.   Rooms are very dirty! Holes in the walls, carpets filthy, blinds…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or150-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Central london gem,"The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable, it was quiet, the staff were courteous, good wifi and the breakfast adequate. Its value for money in central London and I shall stay again. Public areas could do with attention, a new or even cleaned stair carpet. But I go to Swinton for a good nights sleep and thats what I get.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or150-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Yuck,"Needs a real good overall, will not stay there again , even the lift carpet was manky, staff were ok, the photos on booking look nothing like the real thing, room was so basic looked like a cell, will not be back",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or150-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel in a good location. Check the bed before you accept your room!,"We were in a basement hotel overlooking a courtyard (quite pleasant). At bed time we realised the bed base in Room 1 was broken and reported this to the night manager who relocated us to Room 7 (where the base was heading in the same state direction but was slightly better). The problem is that double beds in both rooms were pushed against a wall so they would need crawling over by one person.  We made do but, frankly, our backs hurt after 2 nights.  Plenty of hot water in the shower (someone was enjoying that so much that they set the fire alarm off with the steam at 3.30am on the first night). Breakfast was fine and the staff accommodating with information and locking away valuables for us when out. Great location to access eateries and St Pancras station.   It would have been…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or150-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Grotty,"It's cheap for the area, but it's still pretty horrible. I suppose it wasn't too dirty, but it's just drab and depressing. And the lock on my window didn't work and there was a flat roof outside, so i wasn't too happy about that. In summary, my advice is to just pay a few more pounds and stay somewhere else, or just go all out cheap and stay in a hostel - this is like a dreadful mix of the worst of both.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or155-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The Swinton Hotel - holes in the wall,"My daughter and I  booked this hotel as from the pictures it looked pleasant, clean, and some of the bedrooms looked quite cosy and well furnished. NOT SO! The picture's do no represent this well at all!!!. It is very tired looking at you enter. We got our keys and went to the basement.  Our room was very minimal - it had a hole in the wall as if someone had kicked it.  The blind over the patio door - when pulled down was covered in stains.  The shower cubicle had seen better days - as did the dark brown carpet. The patio window led out on to the courtyard but we did not feel very secure at all - with just a small lock. The pictures did not represent what we saw - we felt let down and ripped off.  We needed to set off for the Theatre but turned back - we couldn't stay there.  We…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or155-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay ,"Stayed here on 2 different occasions. For the price you will do well to get a better hotel smack in central London, about 200m from kings cross station. 24 hour kiosk, free wifi (weak signal of your on the bottom floor) it's very hot in the rooms! Continental breakfast included. It's a good hotel for a few mates going out and having a brief stay in London. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or155-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hotter than the sun,I stayed here one night in September 16.  I checked and left soon after for dinner. The night was warm and when I returned I noticed there was no air con of any sort. The room was like a furnace. I opened the windows but had to sleep on top of the covers to avoid boiling in my own skin.  I woke in the night several times due to the heat and even dressed and went downstairs to enquire about a fan.  There was a fan behind reception but the guy wouldn't lend it to me explaining it was for a guest. Please not this was 3am. What guest doesn't come in until after 3am and then take their fan from behind reception. The fan was in the same position when I checked out.  The bed was pushed against the wall and smaller than expected. If I rolled over I may landed into the lava flowing…,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or155-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",An experience I'll not forget..,"The Swinton Hotel. Cheap and cheerful? If only. There was no cheer in the dilapidated room I entered. Just pity that another guest would have to endure a night of little comforts and many annoyances, by morning the room would be resented.  Pros: Friendly staff. I'm not sure how? Senior management must have invested heavily in customer service and crisis management training  Cons: Rest. From a bathroom which smelt like a body had been festering for days with a heavy dose of a bleach in a half hearted attempt to conceal it to a bed frame which had not probably not been replaced since the hotel opened. Alas the same can be said about the single pain windows which do a terrific job of sound proofing the room, camping next to a M road would have been quieter.  Also the room had…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or155-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",only thing going for it was near to kins cross,"its very dirty breakfast not up to much coffee like slouch very strong, we was in the basement very noisy with the traffic all night long, bedding looked clean don't know the mattress was like I dare not look so slept on top",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or160-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great place next to kings x station,"Great place to stay ,staff very frendly and helpfull , room clean and tidy ,good continental breakfast . Would recomend to anyone . I would say only down side is no parking at property but just up the road there is council carpark , but would still recomend to family and friends.😊",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or160-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!!!!!,"Absolutely disgusting, hotel is dirty and the double rooms are tiny, do not waste your money! They refuse refunds too! Will never stay at the swinton again! We were shown 2 more rooms to pick from and they were no better, we'd have walked out if we'd been refunded, hotel doesn't look like it gets cleaned very often, dusty and dirty all over, breakfast was very disappointing too",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or160-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",It did the job!,"We stayed here for 2 nights in August & found the staff very friendly, the bedding spotless & bathroom too.  Breakfasts were ok.  We knew it was a budget hotel so were not expecting the Hilton but it would have been so much better if there had been a chair in the room & a couple of hooks or towel rails on the bathroom door. The hotel was so handy for Kings Cross station & only 15 minutes walk  from the Charles Dickens Museum in Doughty St.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or160-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",2 days trip to London,"Arrived at the Swinton Hotel. The lobby was warm and bright lit. The receptionist was friendly and welcoming. The hallway is a tad narrow but that is nothing important. Upon entering the room, I saw that it contained a big, spacious, clean bed with clean towels.  The room was supplied with biscuits, tea and coffee, milk etc. Clean emptied bin. TV supplied to the room and good, clean wardrobe.  Our room had an en-suite which was big and clean. Lots of complimentary soaps, shampoos and toilet rolls. Clean sink and toilet and clean toilet brush.  Breakfast was good; toast, cereal, coffee, teas etc. Only downside would be the fact that there's no English breakfast for those who enjoy them. Breakfast staff are friendly.  The Swinton Hotel is so close to King's Cross Station so very…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or160-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A poor Mixture,"We needed a hotel to top-and-tail our Eurostar trip - so we stayed two nights separated by a few days. This hotel is a short walk from St. Pancras. The first night was truly terrible. Our room was on the ground floor, street-side, small and cramped but the linen was clean. Towels were a bit ragged. The door could not be locked on the inside. Its was so hot we had to keep the one window ajar. There was a portable fan which helped marginally. The noise from the street prevented any real sleep so we dozed mainly. Despite being repeatedly assured on check-in that breakfast could be made available at 6.15am - it wasn't ! We emailed the hotel later to ask for a quieter room and a refund for the breakfast we didn't get. We got a prompt reply saying a quieter room had been reserved for…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or165-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","No Frills, Just Basic, Ok for a short stay","Clean and comfortable Hotel. Perfect for a backpacker on a budget, if you just need a bed for a few nights while you visit London then the Swinton Hotrel will do. The bloke on reception was polite and very helpful. The hotel is also well located for all the amenities/Sites London has to offer, as is not too far from Kings Cross tube station.  Would stay here again for the right price!",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or165-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"They always say, you get what you pay for, but £86 for a night in london with breakfast,  i didnt think was bad.  BOG BASIC  BUT CLEAN.breakfast was in a very small area with 5 tables of 4 and 4 tables of 2 so when everyone was sat eating we struggled to get out and to be honest it was only.weetabix or cornflakes toast ham and cheese...bread/fruit bun and croissant ...tea cooffee n juices.  Carpets could do with a good hoovering. We only stayed as it was close to kingscross station.  Not to keen on wardrobe and the headboard banging was irritable. Staff very friendly.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or165-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there,"I booked for a last minute business trip and the site came up with this hotel. The lighting was so poor I could not see to prepare for the next day, the room held a single bed only (no chair or desk or wardrobe), the bathroom door was like a wardrobe door with a large step up into it and there was no wardrobe to hang my suit in to stop it getting wrinkled. .The paint was peeling, the headboard was also peeling. The manager just dismissed my complaint as said I order a single room, (no offer of change of room) so paid for another hotel and swallowed the cost so that I could work that evening, I was so disgusted. How can they call this a hotel? The one I went to said they have had several customers transfer.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or165-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortably Shabby,"I wouldn't say this was a POSH hotel. Or swank. But it served us very well for our three days in London. It was close to so many things. The beds were comfortable, the sheets and towels were clean, and the staff was friendly and helpful. The bathrooms seemed recently remodeled and were mostly clean (the doorjams and corners could be dusted.) The windows in our room opened just fine and gave us a nice breeze. A little bit crowded (we had a triple) and no room to unpack, but who unpacks for two nights anyway? My only complaint is wanting the breakfast to start earlier as we had an early Eurostar train. This was fairly perfect for my first trip to London.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or165-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for getting around London ,"Stayed here for a night on a friends stag weekend. Came down early in the day to get changed etc. Room was ready at 1230 which was why I picked this hotel as many others don't let you check in until 2 or 3pm.  Short walk to Kings Cross tube means you can get around easily but the hotel isn't right on one of the busy streets so still had a great nights sleep.   There was even a little garden area at the back of my downstairs room.   Desk is 24 hours meaning you just drop your key off and head out. Yes the corridors are a bit on the small side but that's quite hard to change!   Bed was nice and comfortable and you get lots of biscuits, coffee, tea and toiletries which is a nice touch.   Breakfast is simple and light which is just what was needed after a weekend barbecue and a…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or170-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Spotlessly Clean & Fabulous Customer Service,"We stayed for one night midweek and first impressions were I have to say something akin to what The Hotel Inspector feels on a bad day, the halls are narrow and if you are claustrophobic this is definitely NOT the hotel for you BUT if you are looking for a clean bed to lay your head thats excellent value for money then look no further!!  The room was more than adequate, spotlessly clean with enough yummy biscuits and coffee to feed an army. Bed was comfy and had a mattress protector. Copious amounts of toiletries in the shower room which again was spotlessly clean. We had a room in the back of the hotel so there was no street noise, my mum had a single room in the front and said the street noise was not noticeable! The breakfast was adequate and coffee and toast in plentiful…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or170-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Do your research. ,"I did not look at reviews. I want to encourage you to check the pictures.   Location was awesome being so close to kings cross. Pretty easy to get anywhere.   It is very dated. The stairs and hallways very narrow.   The room was small which was expected, beds appeared clean, room smelled fresh. But rooms are also dated.   They don't give you a bath mat so when you step out of the shower you either get water all over the floor and slip or use your bath or hand towel as a bath mat. The bathroom was small, the vent on the ceiling was omg filthy. Probably years of dust and dirt.   No safes in the room and you have to leave the key at reception as they have 24 hour reception so it doesn't matter when you come back someone will give you the key but they never once asked for…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or170-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but basic,"69 for a b&b is certainly a bargain. Room was very small but sheets and towels were clean as was bathroom. No wardrobe, but similar rail to holiday inn express or ibis so can't complain. Furnishings, carpets and facilities very old and tatty but stayed in worse places for more money so again, can't complain. Staff helpful- pointed me to excellent Italian down the road and 24 hour reception so you can't get locked out.   Breakfast was toast, cereal and juice but for the money, i'd go back- although probable on my own as my wife probably would have walked straight out.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or170-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not great!,"£149 for a family room sounds like a bargain right? Wrong!  The 3 single beds looked clean enough but I'll be honest, looking at the state of the rest of the room and 'hotel' I didn't want to take the chance and slept on top of the covers. A bonus really as the room was down the steepest stairs and was essentially a sauna. 1 wardrobe and a couple of knackered old bedside cabinets which you couldn't give away on freecycle made up the rest of the room. The ensuite bathroom was so small I could brush my teeth on the toilet (which also wobbled and leaked).  There were tea and coffee making facilities but again I didn't take the chance. Breakfast was an offering of toast and Lidl cornflakes. There were a few tourist types staying which made me equally sad as they obviously thought…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or170-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Do not be tempted by cheap price and semi-decent location,"Just bad. Cleanliness inconsistent, furniture old and shabby, blinds broken and let in light, the window wouldn't close so traffic sounds disturbed me all night. I went to hang up my jacket and the hook fell off the door with a clatter, bathroom is barely a metre wide and clearly used to be a cupboard. Shower had been fixed in an attempt as a 'wet room', therefore everything was soaked after I showered- including the wooden door (no lock) which was badly mouldy and tattered at the base. Towel had an old blood stain on it, and were in tatty as well. Bed was solid. The whole thing was a disappointment. Did not attempt breakfast as I was heading to a job interview and did not want to risk potential stomach upset, therefore the only saving grace were the packets of sealed ginger…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or175-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Close to kings cross, basic and noisy","About a 5 minute walk from the station.  I had a single room, the sheets were clean. En suite was clean, think it was previously an airing cupboard. Bathroom door does not close.  The noise from the street was all night and the Windows do not keep the noise out. ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or175-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Doubt there's better value for money in London,"After much research and discovering the scary price of most hotel rooms in London, my stay at the Swinton far exceeded my expectations.  Excellent location, around 6 mins walk from Kings Cross/St. Pancras with access to anywhere in the whole country.  Keys had to be left when you go out but reception was manned 24x7. Area a little shabby but as a single elderly female I had no problems returning after dark.  There's a pub at the end of the street in Gray's Inn Road without the wall to wall people and noise of others in the area, perfect for that late night drink just 2 mins from the hotel.  My room was small [it was a single - not many of them around], but no smaller than many on the continent; on second floor but there is a lift.  I got freshly laundered towels daily and I'm…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or175-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Tap,"Don't bother, rooms are too small for anything. No room for even a chair. Hallways so narrow two people can't pass. Travelodge just down the street for almost the same price and that's where we went after one night at this dive. In the shower there is nowhere to put your soap or shampoo or any shelf to put your toiletries on, never mind a rack to hang your towels in. Faceclothes are not given at this rooming house either.The one bed was broken with a large depression under  your shoulder which woke me up throughout the night. Dirty old rugs . Our window opened out to a garbage strewn roof top. Wish we had looked at the room before we paid for three nights in advance. I,m sure all the rooms are of the same caliber, so changing rooms wouldn't have helped. We were not offered any…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or175-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Think before you stay if you want bigger rooms,Stayed here for a couple of days on a business trip. It was okay to stay here but this will only be last resort i.e. if I am not getting anything in my budget.  Pros: -Location -Room rates considering it was right in central London  Cons: -Room size,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or175-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",1 night stay,"Swinton Hotel was my base for a 1 night stay in London. I was not expecting much for the price I paid. I found out that the room is very small indeed but I was only there for a night so I could not be bothered about the room size. I must say however that, the bed was clean and so was the shower room and toilet which seem to have been upgraded recently. I did not have a wardrobe but still there was a stand where you could hang your shirt a pants. Breakfast was continental and the selection was fine unless you want to fill yourself to the full in the morning. My conclusion is that it is an ok hotel for 1 night.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or180-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Panic not needed!,"After reading some of the reviews I panicked and was dreading our overnight stay to the point that if I'd read them a couple of days early I would have cancelled.  However, this hotel was perfect for an overnight stop near the Eurostar station. We (my mum, 2 year old daughter and myself) arrived on Saturday afternoon and the man on the desk helped me down to our room with the bags while my mum stayed with my sleeping child.  The stairs down were steep and there were a few fire doors to go through to get to our room but it wasn't a big problem. The room was very clean with a double bed and two singles.  It had plenty of tea, coffee and biscuits. The ensuite was clean and it was a lovely powerful shower with hot water. Clean towels and lots of toiletries were waiting for us.…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or180-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for our purpose,"Having read reviews before staying we were expecting a dump. This was not the case - the hotel is clean, convenient for King's Cross St Pancras station so for a quick stopover was just what we needed. Our double room was comfortable and, although on the road, not that noisy for a Saturday night. The hotel offers a luggage storage facility for £2.50 per bag which meant we could go sightseeing without dragging cases around all day. Would stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or180-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient but dreadful,"The room was a room just big enough for the bed and a wardrobe. The wardrobe had an empty Bacardi bottle in it, obviously from last guest. Tea and coffee facilities but no teaspoon so no way to make a cuppa and the kettle didn't fit under the tap so no way to fill it up anyway! The window overlooked a block of flats that had the outside lights on for the whole night. Also there was a very shabby, dirty back yard to the ""hotel"" with what looked like dried up vomit on a flat roof next to our window. Very noisy as the kids in London don't appear to go to bed until about 10pm. The bedding and bathroom were clean but nowhere to put any toiletries in the shower cubicle. Breakfast was basic with cash and carry style croissants and cereal that was already poured into the bowls in…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or180-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a dump,"We arrived late to the hotel, they wanted payment right away. We had a basement room. When we got in there we were horrified at how it smelled and the carpet was filthy. There was mold on the ceiling it was a dungeon.  We got our luggage and left we called booking .com and they arranged a clean hotel for us to stay in.  I am still fighting to get my money back for the night we did not stay.  This place is not fit for humans to stay in.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or180-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",easy location,the location was excellent.5 mins from kings cross & st.pancrass stations.so made getting around london very easy.found the staff freindly/helpful.omg the biscuits was fab in room.plenty of tea/coffee in room.few tweaks could be made.but for the money wow.breakfast was good.the london underground the service by the staff very helpfull.as to best ticket to buy.made the trip fab.done plenty in 3 days.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or185-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Good location and that's about it ..,","A five min walk from St Pancras Station makes this hotel ideal when you come to London on the Eurostar. It also has great beds, a big plus for a city trip. But...   Yes, one can expect a single room to be tiny, but the shower is so teeny tiny that you turn the water to either ice cold or boiling just by turning around and thus hitting the tap. Also no shelf or anything to put shampoo or soap.  But the biggest problem is the heat. The whole hotel is a tropical retreat, not so great on unseasonably warm days in May. The radiator in the room had a knob that was little more than decorative. Despite having set it to 'blue-background-with-snowflake' at 6AM the thing followed the hotel thermostat (I guess) to the setting 'blazing hellfire'. Nit a good way to wake up, especially for a…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or185-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Glad we had a courtyard room!,"Walking distance from Kings Cross, eating places nearby, plain simple but clean accommodation and we were lucky to have a room that opened onto a pretty courtyard. Breakfast in the morning was simple but enough to get us going, staff pleasant and helpful",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or185-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Functional ,In London for one night. Needed somewhere to change sleep breakfast and leave. Hotel is ten minutes walk from Kings Cross. Room small but clean. Wifi good. Continental breakfast basic but ideal. You get what you pay for. Basic small room at a budget price. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or185-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The Swinton Hotel - Great value! Great location!,"If you are looking for a budget hotel in London, the Swinton is great value. It's close to Kings Cross St Pancras station which is one of London's major transport hubs.  The rooms are not big but are clean and everything works. Continental breakfast is basic but plentiful. Staff are friendly and helpful.  Plenty of local restaurants and coffee lounges to choose for meals.  As part of a one week flying visit to London I have enjoyed my stay at the Swinton.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or185-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"Basic room continental breakfast comfortable bed just looking for cheap cheerful bed for night and near kings cross all good staff nice breakfast good, no hairdryer or iron but ask at reception job done prob try somewhere else next time but good for money and good location",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or190-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",What do you expect for £60 in London?!,"I'm not gonna slate this place, it does exactly what you would expect for less than almost every other hotel around.  It's location is great, rooms were relatively clean and safe so suited us for a lads weekend. Would stay here again if I needed to, did a job.  If you want anything decent tho don't stay here! Rooms are less than basic, bathroom and amenities poor, and views truly dreadful. But if you are looking for somewhere nice or romantic your wouldn't stay here!",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or190-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",excellent services,"I and my family enjoyed our stay @ swinton,the staff were very helpful and friendly & the room was also very comfortable & clean.they always went an extra mile to ensure that we were comfortable.i will love to come back again.oge",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or190-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Dark Experience ,"I stayed for one night first week of March. Easy to find and very close to kings cross, however that was the only positive for me I'm afraid.  I visited alone and needed a bit of comfort as I had no company with me. I was given the key for room number 3, which was in the basement (depressing enough thought) then I turned the ket, opened the door and my heart completely sank. It was a prison cell, that's what I can compare it to.  Extremely basic, view from the tiny window was a wall, only feet away.  The sink, toilet and shower head were no more than 2 feet apart, let alone clean. The floor was still wet from whoever showered there the previous morning.  There were socks and empty wrappers in one drawer and I almost went to reception to ask where my bed covers were when I…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or190-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Would not return,"We stayed at the Swinton Hotel on the weekend for one night as we were going to a party nearby and I would be too late to travel back the same evening. We looked at staying in a Travelodge (one 2 minute walk away from this hotel) but decided we wanted to 'treat ourselves'. We paid almost 100 pound for a double room and breakfast in the morning. I rang the hotel prior to arriving and spoke to the man on reception who was very polite and helpful. When we arrived we was also greeted by another man who was very polite. The hotel seems secure and the reception staff have to buzz people in as they enter.   However, when we entered our room we were deeply disappointed. The room was small, extremely basic and cold. Really not worth 100 pound per night. The cleanliness of the room was…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or190-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic, did the job","Our room was on the ground floor and was very basic and the TV did not appear to work. The bathroom was not great as it was more of a shower room, everything got wet when you took a shower! Location was good and staff were friendly",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or195-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"Location, location, location! Cannot be beaten. 10 minutes by foot to St Pancras. Warm reception from friendly staff. Tiny single room on 3rd floor was clean and heated with biscuits and tea making facilities. Remote control device needs a slight clean. Breakfast was copious with good coffee and plenty of choice. Shower pressure poor. Wifi access in reception is fine. Poor wifi access on 3rd floor. A little noisy at night but I sleep well when tired, irrespective of the traffic noise. I would recommend this without hesitation for decent budget travel.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or195-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money!,"This hotel is brilliant value for money! We stayed here for 1 night in December as a stopover before Heathrow and it was perfectly suited to this purpose. The location is great, a 15-20min walk from London Kings Cross (with suitcases). The room (although not really decorated) is very clean and has everything you could need, including tea/coffee making facilities which some more expensive hotels do not provide. Shower and toilet in small bathroom are perfectly adequate, free wifi provided which is a great bonus. The rooms are small but for a 1 or 2 night stay are perfectly comfortable. Would definitely stay here again for a stopover.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or195-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Value for the money at budget hotel in central London!,"The service was excellent! We met four different receptionists and they were all very friendly and funny. The size of the room was good, and it was clean, warm, and not at all noisy. The hotel is very central and it is easy to get around in London. The breakfast was simple, but very good: fresh toasts, croissants, and different types of jam. I was a bit sceptical to stay at this hotel, because of some of the bad reviews. However, we would definitely go back and we would also recommend people to stay here!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or195-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel at 15 min. walking from Euston Station,"Double room at ground floor  was small and tight. Difficult to move for two persons with luggage. Breakfast acceptable and the bathroom was renewed. For this room 100 Pounds daily I find quite expensive, although generally London is expensive. The Advantage of this Hotel is to be at Walking distance from the Euston Railway Station and to offer free wifi.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or195-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",London,"Not too far from Kings Cross Railway Station - about a half mile. However, dragging a suitcase on wheels is a bit of a bind so we caught a cab when we were leaving and that was 10 quid. A tiny lift and a tiny room. Couldn't put the suit case sideways next to the bed, had to do it long ways which made getting in and out of bed a bit awkward. A bit of a rack with a couple of hangers. Go outside into the hallway, almost, to turn around. Had a table and chairs so had to leave toilet gear on that as there wasn't a shelf in the bathroom. However, the breakfast was good but we won't be back.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or200-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"A 1 night stay in this hotel is more than enough, grubby dirty smelly. Travelled with a group of 10 and booked 5 twin rooms. My room was on the bottom floor looking onto the garden ( if you can call it that ) next room decided to have a party and the noise was terrible, the party spilled out into the garden next to our window. I asked the receptionist to get us another room away from the noise and the 10 + people next to our window, his answer was... The party should be finished around 1am then the noise will end ????  after demanding another room myself and my friend were separated with single rooms on the 2nd and 4th floor. The receptionist was very apologetic and offered a 10% discount on any further visits.. I wouldn't except a 100% discount to stay at this hotel/hostel…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or200-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Good, bad and ugly!","Just home from short theatre break in London. Only good thing is the Swinton Hotel is a 10 minute walk from Kings X station. Not too far for walking into theatre land. Looks OK from the outside. Enter an unimpressive, run down looking, basic reception area. Staff barely communicated, but no real need to engage with them. Room on first floor. Staircase, hallways have a run down, dirty, filthy look about them. Double room very tight and grubby looking. Bathroom tight but ok for basic needs. Fresh towels left on the bed for the second day were actually damp! Breakfast room similar to rest of the hotel which requires a complete overhaul to meet basic standards.....in my opinion! An outdoors, after hours, loud music and out of tune singing party, until the early hours of the morning,…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or200-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but otherwise not so great","The staff were friendly although one chap had quite poor English and I hope the hotel offer some training (it is quite stressful to have to engage with customers in a foreign language, ie English in this case). Great location just 10 mins from St Pancras. But the place is quite shabby, no air-conditioning it seemed to me, very noisy road on one side, tiny room in my case. I paid £84 for B&B which was steep considering. Coffee at breakfast was *instant*. I couldn't believe it. Hotel has intercom on front door which makes it a bit more secure and has the old-fashioned key system where you leave the key with the front desk. A nice plus was free wifi which worked. I wouldn't recommend this one, though.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or200-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",ideal spot,I recently visited this hotel for a couple of days break in London and although we found it to be quite basic it was in an ideal location for our requirements the rooms are quite small but the room was warm comfortable and clean and the staff were polite and helpful for what it costs and the location you won't find much better.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or200-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",How Can this be Classed as a Hotel,"This is probably the worst Hotel we have ever stayed in.  As soon as we arrived, please fill this in, and how are you paying.... If we'd seen the room we would have left immediately! Small, FILTHY, and the decor is something else. No wardrobe, clothes were hung above a kettle, charged me £89, but on the night was advertised at £58. More in keeping to stay on the 31st October, as it frightened the life out of us. Didn't bother with breakfast, as, luckily for us, our Eurostar train was at 07:19, thank goodness for Costas at St Pancras. How it is allowed to be called a ""Hotel"" is beyond me, and it  even being called a ""Hostel""  is an insult to Hostels. Even how it got a licence to be run as a hotel is beyond me. Stay here at your peril, as, it will spook you too! Then they sent me…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or205-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",1 Word GREAT !,Arrived to a friendly smile and very Helpful staff we booked a twin bedded room The Pillows Sheets Duvet & Towels were Snow White and the Shower & Toilet were separate and Spotless also The room was big enough with a wall fitted couloir TV and pine furniture so all my important boxes ticked. The Hotel is located close to Kings Cross underground via Grays Inn Rd. We cannot wait to return To The Swinton Hotel for our next trip to London 👍🏼*****,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or205-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Depends on your expectations,"My son and family are living in London for the fall.  I chose this hotel because it was 1) very close to where they are living and 2) it is reasonably priced.  So, I went with a little apprehension as to what we would find.  What I liked about this hotel is that there is little pretension, they are what they advertise: cheap prices in a very good location.  We laughed a lot to ourselves about this little hotel.  The halls are narrow and wander around all over.  The lift is ancient and tiny and creaky.  To get to the breakfast area you go down some steps and then back up.  The breakfast was the same everyday and just fine.  The young ladies who serve are really attentive and after we had been there a couple of days they remembered what our favorites were.  The various people in…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or205-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this like the plague,"If you want major health problems, then by all means go ahead.  My experience was only to look and leave!  The rooms I was offered were in the basement, not just damp, but wet!. ended up with wet trousers just by sitting on the bed. The toilet facilities were disgusting and definitely unhygienic with muck on the pipes which could have been scraped off with a knife. (I did take photos!). Unfortunately, no-one seems to be in a position to accept a complaint about this place.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or205-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Small, Recommend","Great location very close to Kings Cross Station. Room a tad small. Things provided kettle, tea, cookies, hairdryer, and breakfast. Breakfast was good toast, ham, croissants, jams, juice, coffee and tea. Close to many restaurants and grocery stores. I would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or205-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Awful.,"I ended up stuck in London for an extra night that I hadn't planned and looked for somewhere that looked reasonably priced and decent enough to put my head down for the night. I wasn't expecting the ritz by any means but I still felt like walking out when I got to the room. Unfortunately they take payment on arrival by card and that was the last funds I had available. There was an awful smell, not a smell that could have been removed, more like a permeating musty smell. It stuck in my throat well into the next day.   The heat!! Oh my god the heat. It was like a sauna. I opened the sash window as far as I could but it made little difference. The temperature outside wasn't that warm so I don't understand how it could be THAT hot inside. Also the noise from the street was the…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or210-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",avoid,Smelly i would.nt recommend    to stay  here  it is near kings cross station.the area is a bit dodgy at night don't stay here with kids...rooms small shower didn't work but manager helped with another one......,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or210-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very accommodating management,"My mother and I stayed here because we had a horrible encounter at my dormitory (which is just walking distance). We booked and checked in a matter of minutes. We also had another request, which was accommodated by the manager in duty last 22 September 2015. Sorry, we were not able to get his name, but bless you for being so kind to us. The breakfast was basic, but we were very happy with it. It's a little expensive for a small place with limited facilities, but overall, it was really okay. :)",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or210-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",If you like hearing cats fight all night stay here!!,"I stayed here a while back and while it is expected to be dumpy for the cheap price you would be better off staying at a hostel.    This place was gross, cigarette burns on the worn out sheets and pain peeling.  Cats fighting all night outside the thin windows. The bathroom is gross with the shower head over the toilet and sink. I found out this is called En-Suite so of course the entire bathroom becomes the shower.  I spent 14 night in this dump because the desk agent wouldn't refund my money.  It really is funny because the place looks nice from the outside and the lobby is decent.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or210-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here!,"Room itself was spacious, beds were clean, location is good. That's the good news. Everything else was terrible: The room was dusty, the carpet dirty. No decoration, the outdoors area resembled a junk yard.The bathroom had no towl rack, but mouldy ceilings instead. Hallways and stairs are narrow, and difficult to navigate with large bags or suitcases.   Had little sleep as the place is very loud, both because of noise from streets and trains, but also from other guests.   Available for breakfast there was a selection of  cereals, toast, cheese, ham and jams. The brown liquid that supposedly was coffee looked and tasted more like muddy water. Breakfast room too was dirty.  The overall impression is that of a hotel which is run in a most unloving and uncaring manner. Worst hotel…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or210-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible. Do not stay here. ,"This hotel is a joke. For the price it is  an absolute disgrace, even for the location. The room was so noisy we couldn't sleep properly. Our room was on the basement level and backed onto the garden. We were right next to the stairs and heard everything basically all night long.  The shower room had mold on the roof as it had next to no ventilation. No towel racks, and the courtyard area was disgusting, with open paint tins and junk everywhere. The carpet was filthy and had holes all over.  There were two positives: the beds were fairly comfortable and the room was larger than other family rooms we've seen.   Avoid this place, as it is certainly not cheap but definitely nasty. ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or215-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Recommended,"Once again a very pleasant short stay at this really good value hotel. The rooms must have been redecorated since our last visit and ours was light, bright and spacious. Spotlessly clean and plenty of soap, shower gel and biscuits! Continental breakfast was also good in relaxing surroundings. Reception staff particularly nice and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or215-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Handy hotel for Kings Cross station. Basic but adequate facilities, reasonable breakfast, clean and tidy. Not in too busy an area, fairly quiet with a great pub at the top of the road that does good food and drink.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or215-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but noisy,"We booked two rooms,after coming from the Station. It is convenient and the rooms and bathrooms were spotless.  The room however was hit and noisy both from the traffic and someone in the next room snoring. I could hear every gasp of breath and the full throttle snore.  It had a feel of a sixties boarding school. However it was cheap. A clean room for under fifty pounds. I had to leave early so did not try the breakfast. It is what it is.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or215-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",cost a lot for what you get,a maze to fined are  room on ground floor the room along coriedoor up stairs and down staries  room was clean but no where to put wet towels in bath room (no towel rail ) toilet roll on the floor small bed no air con breakfast very small . no fruit or yougut cearel are in dishes and small portion and you do not  know who has touched them or how long stayed in other hotels and that the smallest breakest i have had,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or215-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",no sleep,"when we arrived in kings cross it was only a 5 min walk to the hotel . we paid £200 for 2 nights b&b continental . when we entered the hotel we knew we had made a mistake as soon as i saw the dirty brown stair carpet .we were told which room to go to and on arrival we nearly backed out and went home .. one bed was broken ,there was no a/c and it was very hot the windows were open but  the noise from the traffic was so loud.. we got changed and on our way out i told reception about the bed ,he said ok i will look into it .we went out ,had a great night at a show met our daughter and had a wonderful night.  when we got back to our room the bed had not been changed nor any chance of a new room . we went to bed and i tried to sleep but i could not ,i was sleeping on a slope . it was…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or220-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel on a budget.,"I had read some reviews regarding the Swinton Hotel and to be fair was a bit nervous as they weren't great. However I took tips and asked for a garden facing room as I read it could be quite noisy having a room facing the street side, I emailed the hotel at 21:30 the night before I was due to check requesting for a garden facing hotel room,  when we checked in they made sure we were in a garden facing room.  We ended up having doors opening into the little garden at the back which was lovely, and the fact our request had been fulfilled was fantastic. The staff were really friendly and very helpful. On arrival we were allowed to leave our bags till we could check in, also on check out we left our bags there till were ready to pick them up as our train wasn't till the afternoon.  …",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or220-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Travellers beware: a nightmare awaits,"Forgive me for assuming that a hotel offering cots and advertising that children were welcome would actually be SUITABLE for children! Far from it: steps up to the front door, claustrophobically narrow corridors that I couldn't get the (normal-sized) pram along, a lift so tiny that I nearly had to send the baby up on her own in the pram, steps EVERYWHERE (ie two steps down at one side of a room and then three steps up at the other, all higgledypiggledy), a tiny room that left approximately a square metre of floor space once the cot was in, a shower that only produced either dangerously hot water or, if you attempted to introduce a small amount of cold into the mixer tap, freezing water.... Diabolical.   Oh, and on top of that, the bedside lamp wasn't plugged in and had to be…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or220-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling experience,"A hideous experience, when the fire alarm sounded and i incurred painful injuries from a fall in the unlit corridor, as I evacuated my room. My calls for help were not heard and i was frightened that the place was on fire and i was unable to get out. Apparently  it was a test but, had it been real, i would not have survived as the staff knew i was in the hoitel but made no effort to check on my safety. A horrible experience, only slightly redeemed by one member of staff who, belatedly, took my situation seriously and found me an alternative hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or220-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very Strategic,Two steps for King Cross' station and St. Pancras this kind hotel is very confortabile allowing to visit London very easily  Maybe the Bathroom can be improved but considering the range of prices is not that bad. Satisfied Breakfast,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or220-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",is this all £100 a night gets in London ?,Very basic  Uncomfortable bed and pillows  Sink to small to clean my teeth in let alone wash  Bedding clean. Towels clean. Not so sure about the rest of the building  Had to ask a number of times for a teaspoon to make a drink - still waiting  Did have free wi Fi  I'm sure I've started in worse hotels a long time ago when I was a student but at 45 this is not my idea of somewhere to stay. Won't be staying here again.  Didn't feel safe - had suitcase across the door at night,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or225-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The best budget hotel in London,"I stayed at the Swinton for 3nights and I appreciated the essenciality of the room, its cleanliness, the small garden and the perfect location. If you have heavy luggages is advisable to ask for a high floor as the rooms in the basement can be reached only by stairs.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or225-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Nothing fancy, but a decent place","Swinton Hotel, in comparison to other London hotels, is a bargain. The stock photos on the website are a bit deceiving, but lower your expectations and Swinton Hotel offers a decent place for a night's sleep (though not much else). Rooms are basic but clean and staff are helpful. I had a street-facing room and it was incredibly loud - I would suggest asking for a garden-facing room if you don't want to make the decision of whether to be boiling because your window is closed, or unable to sleep due to the noise. Breakfast included in the price is a plus.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or225-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby hotel, good location","This shabby hotel has got a lot of room and they are small and noisy. The room are clean and clean towels are provided daily. The breakfast, which is included in the price, is hosted in a room too small to fit enough guests. Staff is not overly friendly. The wifi in all rooms is good. The hotel is a good choice because of the location. But you don't wanna spend too much time in your room except for sleeping. Don't forget to bring earplugs though.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or225-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"No wonder you have to pay upfront, because one look at the room and you would find somewhere else. We had a room that bore no resemblance to the one that is on the website. The double bed was pushed against the filthy wall jambed against the foot so you had to climb over each other to get out. Not helpful when you are infirm. No bed side table or light, a small tv was precariously hanging on the wall by the window. the cabinet that held the tea facilities wouldn't be accepted at any charity shop. And the carpet..... was filthy with (what looks like blood on it. A fan had been provided as the room was small and very hot, that had thick dust on it so made even more mess. I did ask to be moved but the were full, while we were waiting for the receptionist to become free another 2…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or225-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"For £100 for one night is a good price so close to the tube in kings cross. It was a bed for the night . It seemed clean enough apart from scuffed walls and marks on the walls, it just didn't seem maintained enough for me . It did seem very dated . The carpets were not very nice either, but we slept very well and the shower was nice and hot . Then staff were not very talkative . It would off been nice for a bit more interaction at breakfast. They were however happy to get us extra pillows for our room and store our bags after check out time which I found a great help . I felt the pictures on their website looked a lot nicer than in reality . I don't think we would stay here again",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or230-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A decent base camp,"Located 5 minute walk from St Pancras, the Swinton is a decent hotel for the price. Friendly staff, clean bedroom, free wifi. Nothing to write home about, though. A bit disappointed there was no English breakfast, which could be a nice add...",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or230-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, small, but absolutely suffiecient","For my stay in London I was looking for a reasonably priced hotel which wasn't located somewhere in the suburbs of London. The Swinton Hotel was perfect in that sense, being relatively cheap and in walking distance to King's Cross Station. The hotel is simple, the rooms small, but clean. It probably could do with some renovations, but all in all it is absolutely acceptable if you are just looking for a cheap, clean and save place to stay and don't regard stylish hotel interior and upscale comfort and service as a must have. The free WiFi and the 24h reception desk were definetly a plus. The street in front is quite loud, but although my room was towards the street I didn't find it too disturbing and got used to it pretty fast. The only real minus for me was the breakfast: during…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or230-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Overpriced, underkept.","Convinently located and polite staff, two positive points... however the single room I had was extremelly porly furbished, water damage on bathroom door and on the only item of furniture: a 2 draws cabinet with poles to hang clothes on. The other feature in the room was a tiny shelf. No chair to put your bag-clothes on or anything else. Light switch hiding behind the headboard and many small snags similar give an air of a sutudent accomodation rather than a not so conveniently priced hotel. Shower in bathroom is walk in, no sheilding of the rest of the small room from the water. Not a shelf, hook or anything else to hang a towel or your posession. I only sampled croissant out of the breakfast, they were quite stale and coffe made out of instant. There seemed to be other choices…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or230-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",For London ok but the 'bathroom' is more a wet room,"We stayed there for one night and paid £99. The room was  nice and quiet to the back yard. The TV didn't work (no antenna signal). The En-suit 'bathroom' is a toilet with a shower head. Once someone had a shower the whole 'room' is wet. Even the toilet paper gets wet if you don't put it outside first.   The guy at the reception was very nice and helpful. It's just a stone throw from King's X. Breakfast was toast, cereals, jam, ham and cheese. Wifi is free but not really working. If you don't mind the 'bathroom' issue, I guess it's nice enough for London.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or230-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",ok but not as bad as some say.,"“Basic but ok for an overnight stay” 3 of 5 stars Reviewed 28 March 2015 this review is the same as another,their words are the same as what i would have said.  A warm welcome to the hotel. They let us store our luggage in the morning for that night's stay. The rooms are very small... And rather hot... But then it's not expensive and right near kings cross! Breakfast is extremely basic... You'd be better to visit a near by cafe. Essentially ok but no frills. Clean and comfortable! Thank you for your vote",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or235-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be fooled,"Me and my friend came last night to find that our room was nothing like the photos what was on the website. Do not be fooled by the photos. The room was absolutely appalling. It was dirty.. The shower was full of mould, bits of poo was still in the toilet, the paint was coming off the walls, the TV was a box? And it says that it is a flat screen TV on the website. We are both a size 8 and we both struggled to fit in the single beds as they was so tiny. I had dropped something which rolled under the bed to which I moved the bed to grab it... They was used cotton buds underneith the bed. We had breakfast included.. Contenental. Which we was given just 2 slices of toast each. They was a trolley full of cereals but already put into bowls which would of probably been sat there all…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or235-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Will always be available. For a good reason.,"This is a low cost, low quality 'hotel'. The room had a dirty floor, dated furniture, a shelf holding a kettle on it that wouldn't have looked out of place in a garage for your paint tins and the shower room literally looked like it was inside a small cupboard. This reminds me more of a hostel than a hotel. If you need somewhere to stay you will always be able to get a room here, I can't see this having 100% occupancy until they tidy it up.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or235-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish!!,"This place is just terrible. Receptionist in the nights couldn't speak English and just not presentable. Not helpful either. Staff in morning slightly better. Slanting floors, cold room, no bar in the cupboard to hang clothes, dirty, broken furniture, rusted kettle, the list goes on... It's just an old office building used as hotel without make over. I won't recommend it. It's cheap but still not worth the money. ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or235-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel and great location,"I stayed here with a friend for 3 nights in March. The staff was friendly and polite and the room was quite small but had everything you need (well expect a minibar). Breakfast was ok too. Absolutely the best thing was the location! 10 minutes by tube to basically anywhere from King's Cross. Lots of bars and restaurants are located near the hotel too. If you're looking for cheap and easy stay in London, I would highly recommend Swinton!",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or235-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",ok but not brilliant !!,"Stayed one night, 28th March 2015, beds very comfy, staff very nice. Basic 2 star hotel, Breakfast ok, tea coffee etc.toast ham, cheese, cereal etc., all we needed, the hotel just needs some basic housekeeping jobs, such as cleaning skirting boards, removal of rubbish from the basements and kitchen. wouldn't stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or240-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but ok for an overnight stay,A warm welcome to the hotel. They let us store our luggage in the  morning for that night's stay. The rooms are very small... And rather hot... But then it's not expensive and right near kings cross! Breakfast is extremely basic... You'd be better to  visit a near by cafe. Essentially ok but no frills. Clean and comfortable!,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or240-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet and comfortable,"The hotel is very simple but quite comfortable.  The neighborhood is very quiet. There is a Barclays bike station nearby, which was very useful. Breakfast is included but I missed as I slept too much and it finishes early.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or240-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",CHEAP BUT NOT NASTY,"Stayed here on 21 March. quiet surroundings considering its spitting distance from Kings cross. Whole place is a warren of corridors. our room was small but tidy. the only two drawbacks were 1) the shower/toilet combo. nice idea but the toilet was at the back end, which meant that if you had a shower, all the water sprayed all over the toilet which meant you had to wipe that down after you finished. also the excess water ran to the back of the toilet and that meant you got wet feet if you used the bog for a sit down. hardly nice at 3 am. 2) breakfast was continental and ok apart from the toast which had just been shown the toaster and the coffee which was awful. seating was very cramped where we sat at the back. otherwise it was ok for the price.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or240-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Basic ,"Staff were nice enough, room was basic but bed was really comfortable.  Corridors were not good carpet was minging dirty and falling to bits, walls were filthy and there was a nasty smell in reception area.  Saying all that it did the job and was close to St Pancras station. ",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or240-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel.,"Stayed here for two nights either side of a day trip to Paris on Eurostar. Didn't spend to much time In the hotel room, clean and tidy place, friendly staff, breakfast was ok, good place to drop your bags off and see London, I normally stay in 4 star hotels but didn't want to spend to much, as we wasn't around much, would recommend it.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or245-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible and Overpriced.,"Staye for one night after concert local venue. All Tho  Wasn't not expecting sheer luxury in the heart of London for £76.. to say i was dissapointed is an understatment....having worked in the hotel industry for over 25 years i haven't even came across staff acomodation as poor as the room i paid for.. Room was tiny..if you (dared)  lay on the bed you could touch both walls without having to stretch too much... No space to hang clothes unless you use the strange metal tubing stucture wich ran from floor to ceiling.....with a solitary bent coat hanger... En Suite toilet was extremley small and stank of bleach.... Rest of the Hotel doesn't leave much to be deired either....dirty corridors , flaking paint work, thread bare carpets (entance carpet has a couple of inches of ground in…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or245-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and unkempt.  Tiny room,"My New Year resolution is to avoid staying in small hotels around King's Cross.  For the second time recently I have booked a hotel at the last minute and, needing something relatively cheap I opted for this one.  The place is dirty and unloved.  The stair carpet was disgusting - stained and looking like it had not been cleaned in months.  The doors and corridors are almost too narrow to wield a suitcase.  The room was tiny.  The attempt at double glazing concealed a sash window which wouldn't close, and the traffic noise was terrible.  There was no shower head in the tiny shower cubicle.  The TV timed out and switched itself off on some channels.  The breakfast was basic. One of the reception staff was quite polite, the other disinterested.  Not recommended.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or245-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor Customer Service,"I was planning to stay in this hotel but would now discourage everyone from doing so. My booking and Customer Service experience was terrible. I was informed via email that my credit card details may have been compromised during booking at Swinton. Email showed contact details of other customers (!), in the era of privacy policy this is unacceptable! I phoned the hotel, was offered no apology and was informed that some booking forms ""were lost"". I was forced to cancel my credit card and go through all the hassle. Terrible experience!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or245-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Room was very basic,"Not particularly pleased with this hotel, the staff weren't the politest of people, the lift didn't feel very safe at all either.  I was on the 3rd floor so for people that aren't able to walk very well beware as the stairs are quite steep.  The bedroom was very basic,  bed which was uncomfortable (pillows were hard), small TV which wasn't bad.  There was no iron which as said by what is in the room, I was led to believe there was. The 'wardrobe' was a rail above the coffee table, which had the kettle on.  In my room the shower didn't work so I had to make do with a sink full of water. The hot water, wasn't very hot either.  Breakfast was very basic, you don't even get a full bowl of cereal.  Not worth the money, definitely wouldn't go back !!!!",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or245-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and quite hotel,"Nice and quite!not too big but perfect to stay in London a couple of days with the partner. The building is quite old and the rooms small,but fine for two people for a weekend. With TV and WI Fi!it has the elevetor to get to the higher floors.The bathroom in the room was very small, but new and very clean! Continental breakfast served in the morning,included in the price of the room. Maybe,it's just a bit expensive for the type of hotel...but it's London!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or250-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",London visit,"This hotel was okay,breakfast very basic ,room basic but clean,but the hotel needs a bit of updating  ,but very handy for Kings Cross, Euston, and St . Pancras I don't think I would be in a hurry to go back.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or250-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for our purpose,"Having read the reviews entered the hotel with some trepidation.  However, receptionist was very polite and attentive and we were given key to our room even though we arrived well before the stated check in time.  Room was clean, sheets and towels were clean and fresh.  Plenty of toiletries and tea, coffee, biscuits etc.  we had a ground floor room at the back and had an excellent nights sleep.  Found nothing whatsoever to complain about for a 2 star hotel.  You do after all get what you pay for and it was a good location and the breakfast was perfectly adequate with plenty of nice fresh toast, milk, juice, butter, jam, etc.  cereals were available and yes they wear open in the bowls but this didn't bother us one bit.  All the staff were polite and attentive.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or250-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"My best advice is to stay away from this hotel. Room was charged at a higher rate when I arrived, than when I  booked online with no explanation and the attitude of "" well this is the price, do you want to stay here or not"" from the receptionist.   The room was basic, as you would expect from a budget hotel, but smelt like mould and marajuana.   There was 24 hour access, but you are required leave your key with reception each time you went out. When you came back to the hotel, you are then required to buzz into the hotel and collect your key from the receptionist.   Overall, there are much better hotels to stay at in London and I would avoid this place if possible. ",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or250-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",london 2,"another hotel in london, this hotel is only 5min. walk from kings cross- st. pancras, great location, right in the heart of london, staff were excellent, friendly and polite, continental breky, which we liked, 30 min walk gets you to the river, clean and tidy, would highly recomend,",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or250-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Inmate 33521 reporting - ""Swinton Prison Blues""","Wow. Words cannot describe the depths of disappointment I have for my Swine-Town experience. Were I to have been incarcerated in the local jail, I might have had a better night's rest, with probably more living space. My parking space at work is larger than my room was. The room was ridiculously tiny, about 5ft x 8ft with a window that let in every single (let me reitterate - EVERY SINGLE) sound from the road - so I felt like I was sleeping on the Le Mans racetrack at night. (Not beside... ON the bloody racetrack.) The bed was lumpy (asked for a transfer but this hotel was magically ""booked solid"" by other equally masochistic travelers). I'm still itching from what I am sure were bed bugs, who probably thrive in the muggy, fan-free, hot air that is generated by the 4ftx3ft…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or255-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, dirty, and so noisy","This hotel is not good value at all.  Dirty, expensive, small and so noisy.  We barely slept and were so glad we only stayed one night before moving onto another hotel.  Would never, ever return to this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or255-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, serves it's purpose. ",As others have stated already. This is a good little hotel for what you pay for. Don't expect 5 star quality and service for £80 a night!!   I found my room to be clean and of a decent size. I was travelling alone so only had a single room. I was on the 2nd floor and had quite an interesting view of the apartments behind the hotel. Good for a people watcher/nosey Parker!!    I slept well most nights during my week long stay although I was a little nervous just from being on my own. But felt quite safe really.   I didn't have chance to sample the breakfast due having to leave early in the mornings. I found the staff to be helpful especially with finding shops etc in the area.   ,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or255-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",No place to get a nights sleep,"Location seems ok until you get a very tired basement room that echoes to the sound of traffic accelerating up the road outside with absolutely no respite even during the early hours if the morning! Did not sleep a wink. Tired and dirty walls, chipped paintwork, wobbly bath fittings, shelves hanging off the wall, rawlpugs in walls everywhere. Never again. ",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or255-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",don't listen to others!,"if had read the other reviews i  wouldn't have stayed here serves it's purpose for what we needed. staff were lovely yes it's small and dated but you just need a bed and a shower when your sight seeing.we were up and out each morning there are so many places to eat so we didn't have breakfast there, but this was because we wanted an English breakfast. it was minutes from the train station, good when you are carrying luggage. The room was clean and the road was quiet so we slept all night. if you want a hotel break don't stay here, nut if you want a bed then it's ideal. would stay again. i have stayed in 5* hotels but this was just a hotel to stay in whilst we went out sightseeing",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or255-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",It isn't the Ritz but has its purpose,"Having a look through the previous reviews, I think they are overly harsh on the hotel. At the end of the day, the hotel cost £80 for the night and for a zone 1 London hotel next to st Pancras you're not going to get a 5 star, bells and whistles hotel for that price. The hotel was exactly what we were after, something to head to after work on a Wednesday evening and use as a launch pad for our 0830hr train to Paris from St P. Hotel is located 10 mins at most from the station. Ideal. Came with a simple breakfast and overall didn't cost the world. TV in room, shower and own toilet which we noticed a lot didn't come with. For the price, don't expect the world, but if like us you want somewhere quick and easy to use as a set off point, stay here. I'll look to use it again in the…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or260-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor avoid,"Stayed with my wife recently for a few days, did the usual checking up and it looked fine on the photos and had good reviews. However on arriving we immediately noticed how it looked nothing like the photos, reception area was dirty and in disrepair(as was the rest of the hotel) the lift was really old and dirty and when we got off the lift on the 3rd floor we immediately noticed the smell and the state of the carpets and decor, the room was nothing like the photos either we mismatched furniture that was old and unstable, the bathroom(toilet shower and basin) was the size of a wardrobe with no toilet roll holder or shelves or anything in the shower to put things, the shower door didn't close properly and the basin was so small it was practically unusable. It was really warm when…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or260-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Forget this one!!,"We booked in for 3 nights mainly due to location and comparissons. How wrong can you be, the photos bore no resemblance to the room. Instead of bedside cabinets we had garden tables, one of which was so unstable you could not place anything on it. You had to keep your hand on the kettle to get it to boil or it just cut off.  The room itself was bleak.The breakfast was included but after the first day we did not bother, all the cereals were out in open bowls and the pastries too, exposing them to everything!! The shower door did not close and the sink was tiny and not a clean smell seemed to be ever present. The lift was out of the ark and the stairs dirty. The hotel was not far from Euston but we passed much better ones and cheaper i suspect. We will never come back back and i…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or260-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place to put your head down,"Well, I wasn't expecting the Ritz, however the room was clean and comfortable.  Nice touch - a couple of packets of biscuits and a bottle of water in the room!  There was a kettle and a  hairdryer which was really unexpected!  Shower beautifully clean.  Even though I was on the front of the hotel and it is on a busy road, exhaustion meant that the road noise did not disturb me.  Room was a good size with a wardrobe and shelf.  Could have done with a chair though!  Breakfast was a continental breakfast.  Toast and tea/coffee served by a couple of nice waitresses.  Overall a good experience.  The only thing I would say is that the stair carpet could do with being updated - it was a little scruffy.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or260-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it!!!,"We needed a hotel just for a night and near St Pancras which is all this hotel really offers (location). Half of the lights didn't work, tv didn't work (front desk wasn't any help), and the shower didn't drain correctly causing the water to fill up at the bottom of the shower, which made chunks of dirt/whatever from the shower floor float around. If you have a room facing the street, there is a lot of street noise. Breakfast is very minimal. Extremely hot and muggy inside during the summer and no AC or fans in rooms. Last but not least, I found a tick on my leg. Not worth $166!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or260-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The impression you get really depends on your expectations.,"If you are looking for a fancy, high class hotel where you can spend plenty of time and relax... GO ELSEWHERE. If you are here for a few nights and are looking for a place to crash... it's ideal. We stayed in a twin room while working down here, it's walking distance to King's Cross St. Pancras and plenty of places to eat. The rooms are clean, although they are really rather small. There is a TV in the room, again, it's small but it provides some form of entertainment. Bathroom is tiny and really very 'bare minimum'. Shower is not a particularly good one but again.... it does the job for a few nights! Although so far the theme of this review has been 'it does the bare minimum to be acceptable' there are a few small touches that really make you feel welcome here. Small things…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or265-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL! Do not stay here!,"Rude reception staff - this particular front desk person looked as though he had been in a fight. Room in basement - stuffy and hot - no air con - fan available but ancient with questionable health and safety...TV was not wired up and had loose live wires surrounding it. Arrived to find someone having a bonfire in the garden which is not an 'oasis' in the city as one trip advisor rater has put it but more of a smoking area with cigarette butts all over the floor and a few rusty chairs... The bonfire stunk out our basement room and upon being asked to stop it, continued for several hours without any apology or acknowledgement.  Although seemingly generally clean, found a hair or two on the bedside table and the walls are seriously marked and needs a full refurb. The stairs down…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or265-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"My daughter and I stayed here for two nights on a recent long weekend visit to London. Yes, it is a budget hotel and not luxurious by any standards. But staff friendly and helpful, sheets and towels clean and changed daily, tea and coffee in room replenished daily, close to Kings Cross and St. Pancras, breakfast consists of tea, coffee, toast, cereals,  croissants, ham, cheese, and fruit juices.  Basement rooms have patio doors which open onto small garden, so not hot at all. No noise from traffic that we could hear. Two excellent nights sleep.  If you want a basic hotel with amenities that is close to tube and all sights of London then this place is adequate. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or265-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Swinton Hotel,"I stayed one night on July 1st in this hotel. It is close to the St. Pancras station especially practical for Eurostar travellers ! You can walk there from the Station. The staff is very friendly, our room (n°6) small but very clean and had everything we needed. The best was we had a door in our room leading to a beautiful little garden with palm trees and roses ! A miracle in the middle of this city !",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or265-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The motto is you don't get what you pay for!!!!,"First night, gun shots out the back and being situated in the basement it was like being in a frying pan with a bathroom that's like a Rubix cube where the shower was situated half a metre from the toilet with no curtain with mold on the shower head. The staff where also banging about At 3-30 in morning on chairs and it was very basic with no DVD player. On a good note lovely drinking water although during my shower the water cut and wouldn't come on for half hour and at one point had to get a cold shower and use a stained dirty towel which was all frayed. Also for breakfast was given a dirty knife with chocolate spread on, only to ask for a new one which conveniently was the same. At all costs avoid I would rather sleep in the underground",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or265-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable stay,"We stayed in room 21.  The room was clean and comfortable. It was a bit cosy. The bathroom was tight and looked as though it was newly renovated. It was very nice and quiet.  Swinton Staff were very nice and reminded us that breakfast was included with the room. The continental breakfast was nice with table service.  King's Cross Underground was about 10 min walk away, but there were bus stops on the same street.  The surrounding area was a bit rough and dirty, but safety wasn't a concern.  Good value for money.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or270-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Dodgy,"Lift stopped working- I am recovering from knee surgery. When I let the desk know, (about the lift and the knee surgery) the staff member barely flicked a glance up from his cell phone and said that the lift likes to play games. Bottom of bathroom door was rotted. Huge line in hot lobby to check in. Supposed to leave the key to go out (long line again...and again to return). No help with my luggage to get out the next AM despite requesting same. Very poor, even at the price.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or270-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A true budget hotel!,"We needed somewhere to sleep for the night. Spotted this hotel and thought it would be ideal. The pictures on the booking site looked decent!  Ok so let's start off with the pros: - Very cheap for location in London - clean room  Now for the cons: - smelly reception area. - dirty corridors - hot rooms with no aircon  - poor noise insulation. You hear every car pass on the road. If you are a light sleeper, good luck! - Very basic room. Extremely small. - shower and toilet Is basically an all in one cubicle. - staff, they could be more friendly. - Very firm matteress. - rooms look nothing like what they did in the official pictures.  Although very cheap, I would prefer to spend the extra £40 to get another hotel. I wouldn't stop here again!",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or270-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service,I stayed at the Swinton hotel as a lone female travel for my daughter's hen night. From the moment I entered the Hotel I felt welcomed and safe. For a budget hotel it was spotless and the staff  were helpful without being intrusive. Thoroughly recommend this hotel,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or270-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for the price,"We stayed one night here to go to a gig at the O2 academy which is easily walkable from the hotel. The rooms were spotlessly clean but small and rather too warm. Plenty of hot water for the shower and nice towels. Staff were helpful and the hotel felt secure. We didn't have breakfast as the downstairs area was rather smelly but apart from that it was ok for the price. Tea coffee and biscuits in the room, hair dryer on request.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or270-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,A colleague and I stayed one night in this hotel and the only reason we endured it is because our work had paid for it. The room was very small and not to a clean standard. There was hair and dirt on the skirting boards and the windows were filthy (I had to wash my hands when opening the window). During the night (May) it was so hot in the room that I kept waking up sweating. There was no security locks on the window and traffic so loud didnt really want to open the window but had to relent at 5am. I am sure health and safety would have a field day as on a small shelf in the room there was a kettle and directly above that a hair dryer to use! The walls were thin as I could hear my colleague in the room next to me on the phone. I didnt attempt trying the breakfast as the room had…,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or275-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Quite surprised..,"Stayed here for one night 24th June  Wasn't excepting much from the other reviews?!  But room was clean, clean towels , bed was comfy..tea coffee facility's and a short walk to the tube.  Overall it was a pleasant stay and would book again next time :) ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or275-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels ever!!!! Do not go there!!!!,"This has been my worst hotel experience ever for many many reasons. The room was extra small (even for a single), there were dirt stains on the carpet, the window would not close completely and it was right above the bed so there was a nice cold draft coming every night. The matress had a weird feel but I guess the sheets were clean. The tv screen was very small and it would often loose the signal. There were some drawers but I didn't dare to put my clothes in as they seemed not to have been cleaned in a long time. And now the bathroom: apparentely, in order for the shower to work you have to turn on the knob and then WAIT FOR 10 MINUTES FOR THE WATER TO COME! I have never seen or heard of a more stupid thing in my life! One of the towels was torn and there was no place to hang…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or275-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Totally waste of money,"I paid 641 for three rooms and three nights, but it was NOT worth a penny! We had room 26, 28 and 31 on the 1st floor. The hotel was SO dirty and so were the rooms. In room 26, which is a single room, my mom slept in sheets with old lipstick and mascara. There were stains on the carpet almost everywhere. The lift was also very dirty, AND very small. The wallpaper was cracked. They should call it a hostel instead of a hotel. Next time I'll pay a bit more to get a better hotel.   Terrible experience. Do NOT spend your money here. I'd rather sleep in the tube stations!!",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or275-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",stay away if you value your life,"firstly I was informed it was only 5 minutes from Russell square (big fat lie) in the centre of kings cross, If you value your life stay away. as soon as the man behind the desk informed us our room was in the basement I knew it was going from bad to worse it was a box room with a bed shoved in. you could have all the 3 S'S at once in the 'wet room' we called it, I kept telling myself it was just a safe place for the night, I was wrong as I was awoken by gunshots from a close neighbourhood. in the morning we went into another box room for breakfast if that's what we want to call it, there was only toast with 2 selections of cereal and rock hard croissants with ham and cheese that had been left out for hours. we then wanted to check out at 9:50 and asked if we could leave our…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or275-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy, Dirty.. I've seen prison cells that are better. DO NOT USE","I paid £240 for 4 nights in this hotel as I was needing somewhere for business purpose.  It has free wi-fi yes, however the signal is often lost or very very slow after 6pm.  I was in room 28 which is on the 1st floor.  The lift is dirty and stunk of smoke, as did the hallways. My room was terrible, the outside sash window kept falling open during the night and the previous guest has wedged a spoon in it.  I complained and they said they'd fixed the window but hadn't so I had to go buy sleeping tablets and earplugs to get a nights sleep.  I was eventually moved to another room (45, 2nd floor) for the final night, and this was on the ""garden"" side.  this was much quieter, however the bed is a tiny foam matress and the walls were filthy.  Honestly if you want value for money pay a…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or280-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Roll up for the Swinton!,"Having stayed in cheaper accommodation around the King's Cross area a few times in the past, I was expecting nothing more than adequacy. This pleasant B&B was quite a surprise package, however.  The staff were very polite and helpful, while the room was clean and spacious, complete with an extremely comfy bed. As for the morning after, I had been informed that it was a continental breakfast being served. The thought of this never gets my lips smacking, but I can honestly say  that the Swinton's is the best I've ever had, especially as the 'build your own' cheese and ham rolls would be enough to set up the heftiest of truckers for the day!  The breakfast room itself could do with being a little bigger, but that's being hypercritical. If you're after a value for money stay in the…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or280-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",At least the bed was clean,"I booked a double en suite room for one night,  midweek.   I booked just under two weeks in advance and paid around £90.  The hotel was easy to get to (about a ten minute walk from Kings Cross Station).  My room was very basic, the bathroom tired looking,  and the shower situated over the toilet.  This would have been fine however,  had the place been properly cleaned.  The furniture was so dusty that i couldn't unpack my suit for fear of it being covered (no hangers were provided).  I would have complained but it was late and I had an interview early the next morning.  Otherwise everything was fine.  The bed itself was clean and comfortable, the water was hot, complimentary toiletries were provided and the free wifi worked fine (even on the third floor).  I didn't stay for the…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or280-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, lovely staff","Long weekend in London from Thursday 16th - Saturday 18th January 2014. My birthday weekend with a girlfriend began with an easy 5 minute walk from Kings Cross to this lovely little hotel. Our main plans for the weekend were to take afternoon tea, visit the theatre and a few of the museums and attractions. With a check in time of 1pm it was very easy for us to get into our room, leave our bags and start our trip properly. When we arrived at the hotel the man at reception apologised that they had double booked our twin room for the Friday night and would we mind staying in two single rooms right next door to each other for the two nights we were staying at no extra cost. I appreciate that for some people this would have been an inconvenience but we immediately saw the benefit -…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or280-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",You pay for what u get,"Booked a double room and got three single beds,the beds weren't that comfortable but ok, the shower was good, the breakfast was alright but not what I expected so went else where. For a 2 star hotel it ain't bad but I would pay the extra money and stay in better hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or280-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't hesitate to stay again,"Great staff, warm welcome.  Room was small and basic but spotlessly clean - bed VERY comfortable.  Shower was a dream - I could have stayed in it for hours!!  Very reasonably priced £49 for a night.  Yes, I heard the traffic in the morning but then I was staying in central London…… no moans from me.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay again.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or285-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent budget hotel in london,"I stayed here for one night as cheap and close to work. The location, staff and breakfast were excellent. The decor is tired but very clean. The rooms have comfortable beds, clean linen, tv with decent channels and tea & coffee with biscuits! Would stay again.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or285-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",priced for what you get,"I have just spent a Night in Swinton Hotel , for the price I paid for a London Hotel 2* I got what I expected a room which was basic and small, But I will say it was ok for a 1 night stay, if I was taking a family I would booked somewhere else like a travel lodge or premier inn , but for just somewhere to put your head down in  central London for a night or travelling light, it was ok. I would use this hotel again, but like many people say don't expect The Ritz, The staff were friendly and the breakfast was continental, but again the staff member asked what kind of bread i would like for Toast and if I would like coffee or tea. There is no bar on site or place for a evening meal, but there is a lot of bars and eateries local.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or285-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Shocking,"I booked this hotel through an agency, namely Travel Stay, mainly because it bought the cost down, and reviews didn't seem to bad, and the pictures actually looked fair good. Boy I was wrong on all accounts. Firstly a ""few"" pro's - The hotel is a few minutes walk from Kings Cross station. - They supply a 24 hour desk to get in and out via a buzzer - There are plenty of biscuits, tea, coffee, fresh bottled water available in room.  Now a fair few cons... - Before arriving at the Swinton i rang to ask if we could check in early, before the stated 1PM as our train arrived at 9AM, so thought it would be easier if we could check in early, was told no problem at all. So we arrived at 9.20 to then find out that my name was not on the list of bookings, he kept checking I had not booked…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or285-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",awful smelly nothing like what was advertised,Yes i agree for the money in london its basic hotel. However we booked through travelstay nothing like the pictures stated on the their website. After two and a half hour train journey in the early morning my boyfriend phoned the day before to check if we could leave our bags in the hotel given the fact our train was early morning and as stated you cant check in till after 2pm. Guy on the phone very friendly said yes not a problem provided room ready (fair point not a problem) Got to the hotel before our site-seeing trip and he didn't even have our name down on the booking form he said i will stick you in room 5 is that ok??? Not really giving us much confidence the fact our name wasn't on the their list (would have been interesting to see if they were actually fully booked what…,Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or285-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",experiances here!,"We (my girl and I went to this hotel the weekend before Christmas 2013: Rooms are very small, no closet in the room, just a bar with some draws under it, no chairs on the room, and rooms no bigger than a postmark, the shower is in the toilet, so after a shower you get a wet bottom and feet if you want to go to the toilet. My opinion is this isn't what you'll expect from any hotel in a civilised country for this amount of money. There is also a positive side on this hotel as well, very friendly staff, its clean and the reception is open 24/7",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or290-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Shocking, filthy, terrible.","Avoid this hotel. It is dirty, smelly and disgusting. Avoid this hotel at all costs. Stay in travelodge across the road. Location not too bad. Never stayed anywhere like this in my life!!!!!! It is like faulty towers.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or290-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this establishment,"We arrived at the hotel (booked by the company I work for) and had to pay for it up front, we went to our rooms after fighting our way over all the dirty laundry bags in the corridors and found that our rooms were both dirty and smelly after returning to the reception to ask for our money back we were told they couldn't because the manager was not there, which is interetsing because when our boss called today he said he was! We then stayed at the Holiday Inn Regents Park, cleaner, friendlier, better located actually all round a nice holiday for a reasonable price unlike Swinton Hotel which is a disgrace.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or290-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel is terrible.,"I stayed here because the price is pretty good and the location of the hotel is close to Kings Cross  - A decision I am regretting after managing about an hours sleep due to the abysmal sound proofing in the room I am in, the window may as well have been wide open for all of the traffic noise it stopped.    Aside from that, the room is small (expected), the floor is at an angle (unexpected!) and the shower is cold.   The ONLY plus point is that the wifi is free.   This is the ONLY plus point.   If you want a clean, quiet and comfortable room with a nice hot shower in the morning - DON'T stay here.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or290-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",poeple on tripadvisor will complain about anything.,"This is a budget hotel in a very expensive part of England so don't expect a lot. if you don't, then there is really nothing to complain about. it's a small comfortable bed, warm shower and free wifi (something other budget hotels make you pay for. the room is very small but that's what can be expected in London. The staff were friendly and helpful. i actually arrived two hours early and my room was available. you do have to pay at arrival. of course you can go to the north of England and get a four star hotel for less but if you have to be in London then it's not too bad. it's clean and not as loud as others reviewers claim. it's kings cross anyway so some noise will be there. breakfast is your average continental but included in room rate. basically expect crap and you won't…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or290-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Swinton - the bottom of the hotel services,"Based on my one night experience in this hotel, I think I can clearly mark my bottom line of hotel services (in Europe). The group of 8 of us had booked 6 rooms in this hotel for one night. First sign that something is wrong is when they declare payment to be done in full amount before you enter the room. And when you enter the room you find:    Room size: 4 m2 Toilet: 1,5 m2 - no hot water! floor of the room: tilted by 4 degrees  Beside two young persons from Romania, who were very nice and friendly (boy at the reception, girl - in the kitchen), the old fart at the reception in the morning was clearly ready to demonstrate that you can end up fighting early in the morning for no reason. It is shame for all hotel industry and I really don't know how they got the license to…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or295-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Complaint against Cleanliness of Hotel and Staff attitude,"We booked 3 rooms on the lateroom.com website for this hotel for business purposes.   On arrival one of my guest checked in to his room, only to find that the room was deffinately not as advertised on the website - there was a strong smell of sewage/toilet in the room, on checking around the room the carpets were all worn and marked, the hall way and other rooms were also in the same state! the other 2 guests arrived and didn't even get past reception as the appearance of this hotel is nothing like the pictures advertised.  All 3 guests went and stayed at the Travelodge for less money.  One of my guests was told by the gentlemen behind the reception desk what do you expect for £79.00 it's only a 2 star, it's overpriced mate!!! OMG... The staff at this hotel are the most…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or295-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The truth about the hotel,"Hi Folks I have just been to this hotel for sevent nights. I was kind of unsure what I would expect after reading reviews by other people. But I must say that the Hotel was quite decent. Rooms are a bit small but clean. New towels everyday. The hotel is really about five minutes walk (or less) to King's cross station but when you leave the hotel you should turn left then left and keep on walking. If you turn right when you leave the hotel, then it will take more time to reach King's cross. There are a lot of different restaurants nearby where you can eat at a decent price. People at the reception (I've met 6 of them), most of them have been very very nice unlike what people said about them. If I go back to London, then this hotel will be in my list of hotels to go to. Finally,…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or295-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad as a base for sightseeing.,"We had to book a hotel in quite short notice, and this one was the only one we found that had wi-fi, was in a decent location, and breakfast that was less than £100 a night. Even Travelodge and Premier Inn were far more expensive. So, what do you get for £84 a night?  In comparison with other hotels we stayed in - not a lot. Seeing as those hotels were not in London though then you get to see how expensive staying in the capital really is. It's a 2-star hotel (if you're expecting more, then there's plenty of choice in Mayfair) which means it's a base for the night. The hotel is a based in a row of Georgian terraces (occupying about 3 knocked into one). If you're out on business, look elsewhere as the rooms are small with no desk to work on (though wi-fi is free with no…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or295-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hell hole if the ratings had minus I would tick that!,"Awful hotel, paid highest price for a double room with ensuite - did not get this they gave us a wet room which was horrid. We asked for a refund for the difference in which they said yes, next day before we left asked for refund they said no they refused! The room was awful, plug sockets half hanging off, bedside lamp had no plug just bare wires, stagnant tap water in the complimentary bottle! Dirty, dusty unkept and rude staff. A lot of money for a horrible place. Do not go!",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or295-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever used,"This is simply the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. I only got about half an hours sleep due to the forced open window leading onto the main road.  The room was on a visible slant, so everything, including myself.  The bed was also incredibly uncomfortable, terrible night, I was booked for two nights but I left after get first night.  The only positive thing I have to says about this hotel is that the staff were very friendly and helpful",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or300-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel near St. Pancras,"I ended up staying in two budget hotels in London this trip, and this was by far the nicer of the two.    It was cleaner, seemed a bit more modern, and was just generally nicer than the other one.  The location is good - it's an easy five minute walk to King's Cross/St. Pancras.  The only real negative was the street noise - the street was busy pretty much all night.   I suspect a back facing room would take care of that.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or300-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"I booked into this hotel for a recent trip to London. given the short notice for my trip, I did not spend time looking for reviews, and presumed that £80 per night would ensure that I would get a 'nice enough' hotel for my trip - How wrong I was...............  On arriving, I was welcomed with a damp, stale smell at reception as I checked in. I then went straight to my room via a narrow corridor which smelt of stale smoke. My room was the smallest single room I have ever stayed in. The carpet was dirty and the bed barely made. To try to mask the smell of the room, air freshener had been sprayed only minutes previous, as I could still see it in the air.   On leaving to go out for the day, I was told I had to hand my key back in to reception as they are open 24 hours a day! OK,…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or300-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate hotel close to St Pancras and the Eurostar,"I wanted a hotel close to the station, and for just one night.  Because my plans werent finalised till the last minute, the only room left was a triple.  Other reviews say the double is small, and it is, because we looked at one being painted as we were leaving.  The triple was a great size, esp for two people.  The bathroom was excellent. Gotta agree the reception area is kinda dodgy, but adequate, and pleasant helpful people on the desk.  Great location, close to the station.  We spent our spare afternoon and morning there exploring south down Grays Inn Road to Oxford St and Charing Cross.  Breakfast was fine, and generous.  Free wifi worked perfectly.  As another reviewer says,  dont expect too much and you wont be disappointed, but that is perhaps a little unfair.  I have to…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or300-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,I was also very disappointed when I arrived there. The hotel and the rooms differ a lot from those shown in the pictures on the website. They charged me 138 GBP for 2 nights and that's definitely too much for the standard they offer. The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Would never recommend it to anyone.,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or300-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Handy for Town,"A budget hotel about 500 metres from KIngs Cross. SO handy for Town. What you'd expect from a budget hotel, small room, sparse furnishings and bit in need of some TLC! Corridors narrow and a bit dim. However the beds were comfortable with crisp and clean sheets and pillowcases. The shower was pretty good though the water took time to drain away. Continental breakfast of cereals, juices, croissants, toast, ham and cheese - plain fare but adequate.  Don't expect too much and you wont be disappointed - for the budget price it was reasonable value. Room near to reception so access was simple: 24 hour manned reception.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or305-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap for a reason,"The room was ok - it was a decent size for us as we were only staying one night.  The reception area is kinda dodgy looking and to get to our room was a real hassle. We had to walk down a few very narrow corridors and tight flights of stairs which was very difficult with a big suitcase. No fridge in the room which meant we couldn't keep water bottles cool and the milk that was provided with the room was left out on the bedside table. Because we were leaving early and would miss our complementary breakfast, no fridge also meant that we couldn't buy yoghurt or other breakfast foods that would need to be refrigerated.  Don't get me wrong though, the location is great. We needed to meet our TopDeck group at The Clink early in the morning and Swinton Hotel is just a short 2 minute…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or305-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",False advertising would be an understatement.,"My family and I booked 2 double rooms for a short weekend stay in London for my 21st birthday. We used booking.com the week before in the hope that we would get a cheap deal. The price was pleasing when we looked on their website and saw the clean foyer, minimalist decor and pretty front steps. It looked like we had a great deal. Card details were taken incase we didn't show or we didn't cancel in time but there was no booking fee, just pay when you arrive. However as we walked down Swinton Street looking out for the same picturesque front door on the website, we were all bitterly disappointed to arrive at a cramped terrace building with an old sign against the railings.   We walked inside hesitantly, to be greeted by a sweaty, miserable looking receptionist who spoke little…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or305-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good location,"Stayed in a triple room with my mum and sister for two nights. 7 min walk from kings cross station. Was £124 a night for the room so worked out fairly cheap. 3 single beds, all clean, flat screen TV, kettle, biscuits, hairdryer. Bathroom was grubby and old but still cleanish. Staff really friendly, breakfast included in the price and was fine, cereals, toast, ham,  cheese. We were in the basement front room so could not leave windows open as there were steps outside from street level to the windows without a locked gate or grills over the window so anyone could have jumped in. That was a real shame as it was a very hot weekend and so hot in the room. Asked for a fan but they didn't have any. Impossible to get dry in the tiny bathroom as no extractor fan so just so hot and damp.…",None,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or305-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs!!,"I arrived at the hotel to be put into the smallest room with a single bed and a shower that literally was ontop of the toilet. After my first night I woke up to find I was covered in bed bug bites. On inspection there were no signs of any bugs anywhere and when I told reception he mearly said sorry and moved me to a different (bigger) room. Later another staff member came up to my room to tell me how deeply sorry he was and offered me a full refund on my accomidation. This staff member was extremely concerned and was very helpful with the whole situation, if it wasn't for him I would have left immediately. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or305-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don't get fooled by the cheap rates!,"This hotel is probably one of the most disgusting places I have stayed in for a long time.  Foolishly thought I would be doing myself a money saving favour by booking this hotel but certainly won't be making this mistake again..... The outside of the hotel is nice looking, typical terraced London back street within 10mins walking distance of Kings Cross. Once inside you are greeted with a warm sticky and smelly check in area, greeted without a smile from a sweaty check in assistant. It's so old school this hotel they don't even allow you to take your key with you when you leave for the day/evening.... abrubtly told to leave key on reception and show a card on return to obtain the room key.  I booked a single room for the night... the room was so small you literally had to walk…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or310-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","DIRTY, HAIRY, MOULDY, SMELLY","Only stayed one night but couldn't wait to leave. I was going to complain in the morning but the queue of people complaining was too long. I also didn't risk the breakfast as I had lost my appetite after spending a night in one of their rooms. The toilet was broken and filthy, sink taps were rusty and filthy, shower was mouldy and filthy, the draw fronts on the chest of draws in the bedroom were hanging off, bedside lights were working but not actually attached to the wall they were just swinging by the wires. I kept finding long black hairs everywhere I looked including the bowl that held the tea, coffee and biscuits. The whole place stank, was very dirty and was in need of maintaining. I have stayed in a lot of hotels including some real dives in Eastern Europe and although…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or310-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable central accommodation,"The hotel staff were very helpful, breakfast was good and the location is great, very close to king's cross station. In the morning I left my purse in the breakfast room and was happy to find that a member of staff had kept it safe for me. The bedroom was quite small but the shower was new and clean and the room had a hairdryer and tea and an assortment of biscuits. The breakfast room was lovely and the staff were very nice.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or310-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","DISGUSTING, dirty, filthy,","Having just endured a 4 night stay at this hotel, please read all the BAD reviews because they are all correct. If there are good reviews, please believe me because they must have been written by either the staff or the Blind. Our room was not cleaned Sunday and Monday, the room, shower, walls carpet are absolutely FILTHY. TV bracket hanging off the wall, mouse/rat poison under the wardrobe, dirt stains running down the walls. I know the rooms are small,and the shower is even smaller but there isno excuse for the filth. If it had it been the Wimbledon finals weekend we would have run a mile. I have all the photos to back this up aswell. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. ",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or310-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",perfect!,"This is a perfect hotel... If you are looking for a great location at ash good price, and don't require a lot of luxury! The location couldn't be any better, and the longer we spend at this friendly hotel, the more we like it! Three room is small and simple, yes, and the bathroom is very tiny, and does take a little bit of getting used to., but once we were settled in, things were great! We are in our third day of nine day stay here, and  have been very well treated! The staff are delightful, the room claim, and breakfast is served in a wonderful, bright room by very friendly ladies!",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or310-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty dire!,"OK, accommodation near Kings Cross and St Pancras is at a premium, but this place was very poor. I had a room in the basement without any sort of chair, no bedside table or light, stained carpet, and a bathroom so dimly lit.... I could go on. Traffic noise for rooms at the front went on all night, despite double glazing. In fairness, the member of staff (I only saw one) at front desk was helpful when I asked for an early breakfast, and the sheets were clean, but it was hardly the sort of place where you felt relaxed, and I'm afraid the sleep quality suffered with the traffic. Not much more to say!",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or315-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not a bad hotel,"To be fair this hotel does need refurbing. Clean sheets and towels. Drinks and biscuits in room. Hotel is clean. Staff very helpful.  Breakfast lovely........continental is juice, cereal, bread, ham, cheese, toast, croissants, tea or coffee.......was dreading after reading some reveiws but it really was ok.  :)",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or315-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",4 nights at the swinton,"the rooms were small but compact, the location was excellent,the staff very friendly and helpful at all times of the day or night. The room was quite clean but the toilet brush was stinking so the bathroom was to be avoided whenever possible. The breakfast was quite good and the staff professional, not a hotel suited for older people as it has many corridors and narrow stairs",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or315-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient for early morning Eurostar departure,"All accommodation in this vicinity is expensive. This was the cheapest we found. The room was very small but clean and freshly painted. The shower wet room was tiny but newly refurbished with good quality equipment. We were able to get a breakfast at 6.45 am. Fresh croissants and cereals. It was ok for what we wanted. 10 minutes walk from St  Pancras, 5 minutes in a cab.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or315-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers in Central London,"This must be the worst hotel I ever stayed in. Drab from the outside - revolting inside! The staff I encountered was indifferent and unwelcoming. The room and especially the carpet were dirty, the mattresses ancient, the décor more than dated and the en-suite cupboard-sized with a dirty toilet. Luckily the artistically draped towels sported one folded-down corner which nicely displayed the yellow stains the towel had. I don't even want to begin to imagine what caused them. Just glad I didn't simply use them unbeknownst. Of particular concern was the swing top bottle of water which was kindly offered – when was it filled? And what did it actually contain? Neither of us wanted to risk a self-experiment. Next to the general noise from the traffic – it felt like busses were going…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or315-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Don't book for business,The outside was the first part of the drab experience and the unfriendly welcome but the receptionist were the first parts of a pretty unpleasent stay.  The decor is in need of some serious TLC as are the peeling carpets off the floor.  The whole basement section could do with fumigating to get rid of the damp musky smell too.    The night was full of being woken by the underground vibrations from the tube and I can say in anyway a pleasent stay.  The breakfast was served by three women and was only a continental with nothing hot apart from toast (why 3 waitresses for what could have been a bufet).  I would not stay here again and would not recomend it.,Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or320-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never received so many complaints!!,"I book hotels on behalf of my clients for when they require overnight stays in the UK and to be honest, if we haven't already stayed there before, we go off a combination of location, availability, budget and reviews.  Luck also plays a part in our choice and in this instance, for the 5 people who stayed here on 16th May 2013, our luck had run out...and run out screaming if the amount of complaints I received the next day was anything to go by!   Everything from apathetic staff, filthy rooms with damp wallpaper, smelly carpets and a lack of hot water - certainly wasn't worth the money.  To add insult to injury, the fire alarm went off at 7am the next morning and everyone had to evacuate - why?  There was no fire, no fire service check up and definitely no apology from the staff…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or320-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!,"By far this was the worst hotel stay I have ever had. Ignore the threadbare carpets, outdated decoration which for one night I could live with. The matresses (All 3 of them) were beyond use and should have been replaced years ago. The table lamp of which there was one, wasn't even connected to the lamp. The en-suite was tiny, freezing cold and the shower tray itself was dirty. Room 10 was at the front of the building on the road which was noisy all night. The rumble of the tube line below was easily felt with every passing tube! Biggest concern for me was the fire alarm going off just past 7am and a lack of staff to advise anyone what to do. Even though the alarm was sounding, it is obviously not connected to the Fire Brigade as once the alarm was turned off, we all went back…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or320-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel I have honestly stayed in!,"Was truly awful, the whole place is shabbbyand dirty. I had a single room at the top and being an old building everything creaked when the person in the next room got up at 5am to shower, hardryer etc. The TV switched itself off if you changed chanel. On the second night I had either no water or cold water from the shower, ran down 3 flights of stairs to inform the guy on duty who said leave it for half an hour, nothing changed, I suggested that his pilot light had gone out, he said he'd sort it but nothing happend.  after 4 trips down and up because the phone didnt link to the front desk I asked if I could transfer to another room..he showed me into a filthy room with a shower attachment over the loo and the loo paper wedged behind a pipe, he went in before me to check that the…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or320-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected. Some issues.,"After reading the less than favorable reviews on this site it was with much trepidation that I agreed to stay at Swinton on our recent 'lads weekend' to London. First impressions upon entering the reception area were that it was clean and welcoming enough although as other reviews have said it did smell somewhat of stale smoke. The staff at the front desk were as helpful and friendly as required but not overly so.   When we entered out room we found it to be very clean and well presented. Bathroom was very small but adequate, although our shower and the shower in our friends room both had drainage issues meaning you were limited to 5 mins or so in the shower before you risked flooding the bathroom. The sheets on the beds were crisp and white,the matresses comfortable although…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or320-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Would be happy to stay again,Was better than I expected after reading some of the reviews. think it has been recently refurbed. It was very basic but there again it was very cheap for where it was. A good hour walk into central london 10 mins on bus ( buy an oyster card ) buses better than tube you see more but you can use the oyster card for both. Our room was very small but clean and bright we had a lovely view of the back yard. There was a hairdryer and tea and coffee in the room. It is true some reviews say there is a smell of cigarettes about the corridors it must be from other guests smoking in their rooms. Breakfast was continental and plenty ( the ham was lovely ).  We stayed two nights our room had been cleaned and we had fresh towels on arriving back from sightseeing on the first day. The staff…,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or325-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not particularly cheap or cheerful,"Had a couple of nights at the Swinton on business earlier this week, and while convenient for central London the Swinton offered very poor value in comparison to other hotels I would normally stay in.  Bathroom clean enough, but that's the best I can say.  Not unreminescent of a 1980's squat, and not in a good way.   Never again!",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or325-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good service at a very low price,"Room was tiny but very clean, had a single room facing the street so quite noisy although I managed to get a good night sleep, staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was plenty, again staff were very friendly and helpful, would stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or325-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel in central London,"It really ain't posh. Tiny room, even tinier bathroom, not easy to get your trousers off in there. The place is clean, though; staff is very friendly. The breakfast was only continental, well, quite frugal. But what would you expect from a hotel in central London, just a few minutes walk from St.Pancras and King's Cross. There are some hostels around there that are more expensive. Yes, and the rooms towards Swinton Road are quite noisy during the day. At night I have spent noisier nights in better London hotels - after all this is Central London.  If you are looking for a budget place in town this is it.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or325-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I wanted somewhere clean (it was) for a short stay over in London.  Single room had latest flat screen TV...what a bonus.  There was water, tea and coffee making facilities.   Its probably a 2 star property but at least its clean and I did feel safe. You want more for the money...think you are kidding yourselves! Probably would not stay there with my daughter, but for my purpose it was cheap and cheerful",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or325-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY -ITEMS STOLEN BY STAFF !!,"my daughter and I had stayed twice here and were at first quite happy, it was near as we needed to be.Not posh but ok, TILL---- Stayed on Tuesday 26th as my daughter is registered blind and we visisted Moorefirlds eye hospital,so staed at the SWinton to relax before coming home. Booked out and then realized whilst shopping that we had left gold ghd straightners in room . Called stright away to say we were on way to collect and when we arrived ---GONE----STOLEN----NO DOUBT WHAT SO EVER !!! Called the plolice, who are investigating, as they say ""theft is theft no matter what !"" DO NOT STAY THERE.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or330-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Great 2 day stay at the Swinton hotel,"Hi there,  I had 2 lovely days at this nice hotel in central part of London. I was attending a D-A-D concert and this hotel had the perfect location. The staff was nice and friendly and the room was well fitted and clean. The breakfast was lovely too and I could come and go 24/7. I will definitely come again in the future.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or330-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Budget and Basic.,"I visited this property while attending a football match in February.The hotel is situated on a very busy one way road,and ubfortunatly my room....room 28 a single room overlooked the road,and the road is busy for nearly 24 hours,so i did encounter a fair bit of noise from traffic. My single room was plainly decorated and did remind me of a prison cell at first,but i did warm to the room eventually.I had a single bed,a small tv,toilet and shower,kettle,hairdryer (dint work) and tea,coffee,bottle of water and biscuits.Breakfast is continental,the usual cereal,coffee,juice,toast.jam,marmalade.ham,cheese and bread etc.It was ok,but there are many places within a short walk who did cooked breakfast for about 5/6 quid if u need it.Majority of the staff are foreign.The hotel is a…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or330-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent little place to stay on a budget,"This place doesn't look much from the outside and when you enter the foyer the smell of stale cigarette smoke hits you in the face despite the no smoking signs, not to mention the stuffy febrezed corridors we had to traipse through to get to our room.   But....Once we got inside our room I was impressed. We had a small room with double glass doors leading out onto a patio, and even though we didn't use it this gave us loads of natural light into the room. Every part of our room was super super clean; fixtures and fittings although not all brand new were simple and stylish. The TV was easy to use, the bed was really comfy and they supplied biscuits, which are always a win for me.  Breakfast in the morning was basic, but the croissants were fresh and the coffee was awesome. The…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or330-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, gladi only stayed one night","Booked this hotel last minute, the only good points were the location close to St. Pancras international and fairly good price. Only paid £50 for one night so shouldn't have expected much, but upon arrival the reception stunk of cigarette smoke despite the no smoking signs posted throughout the hotel. The decor is old and outdated, the rooms are tiny and the toilet was dirty. Breakfast was very basic but the waitresses are very friendly and nice.  We asked the man at reception to book us a taxi, an unmarked taxi pulled up we reluctantly got in and then were extremely surprised to find that traveling 500 metres cost us £10. If you stay in this Hotel make sure to call your own taxi or you will be ripped off!! ",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or330-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",So good I moved my booking from the Premier Inn to here!,"What is with all the negative reviews?  I stayed here with a hen party in November and can't fault the place.  Was a little concerned after looking on here that we were to spend the weekend in an unsafe, filthy dive.  Instead we found the staff friendly, the rooms clean and tidy, and the food great!  In fact, the hotel was so good I moved my December booking from the nearby Premier Inn to come back again.  I would thoroughly recommend the Swinton Hotel and wil definitely be staying there again!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or335-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Better places to stay in London.,"Good location, right near Kings Cross station. The hotel looks lovely from the outside. The hotel needs a good clean from top to bottom. The rooms looked ok when we walked in but on closer inspection there were stains on the bed sheets. Mould on the blinds & we had no hot water. The heating was on full blast with no facility to turn it down (sweating!!) The bathroom was horrible with numerous stains & mould.  I stayed in the triple room with 2 friends. The staff were ok. It was somewhere to lay our heads for 1 night (even if it was over the quilt) It did us a turn (new years eve!) if it was any other day & I was in London for more than 1 night, I would have complained & left the hotel.  Unfortunately this was one of the last hotels left for the 3 of us on New years eve & we took…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or335-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Omg it's either laugh or cry!!!!!!!,"Dirty, small, old, tatty, rank!!!!! Pest control box under wardrobe! This is not a hotel it's le staying in a student house or spare room. Terrible squeaky bed uncomfortable!!! I had to laugh about it or I'd cry!!!!!! Couldn't wait to get home. aVOId",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or335-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",very expensive,"Expensive place for one night in a single room, which provides insuite toilette facilities but the shower is terribly from the 40's ....  Very basic place, clean, good location but I would not spend 95euros again to be there. Also breakfast is served very late... Starts at 8. So, you don't pay off the money. NOT TERRIBLE PLACE, but don't expect goo much!",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or335-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The WORST Hotel I have ever entered,"All I can say is do not even consider staying in this hotel. I booked a single room for one night. The price was only £55 so I wasn't expecting much at all, but the professional photos on Tripadvisor looked ok so I took a chance. Well, this hotel was absolutely terrible. A less than welcoming receptionist pointed me down a steep staircase and along a lifeless corridor to my room. Upon entering, I was completely shocked. the room looked more like a prison cell than a hotel room. The single bed was like a dormitory bed. The windows, carpets, walls had mold everywhere. There were filthy marks on the wall where a cable had been (since moved) and they hadn't bothered to clean it. The walls were dirty. The shower room was a very basic walk in shower room. The small TV on the wall had…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or335-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Its all about the location with this one..,"Stayed at the swinton hotel after going to the rugby at twickenham. Booked it because it was the cheapest and the room was just for me for one night.  Great location just around the corner from kings cross station, the hotel is very tired, extremely basic and not very clean. But for £69 in the centre of London what did i expect.! It reminded me of the film 'taken'... Lots of dodgy eastern europeans in the place, slept with one eye open and didn't hang around to sample the breakfast..",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or340-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, cheap, cheerful and clean.","The hotel is in a ""low rent"" area off a fairly busy street but traffic noise wasn't bad and I felt pretty safe. Reception is friendly and efficient with someone available at all hours and the hotel was generally quiet.   The single room was tiny with no desk and no shelves in the equally tiny ensuite bathroom. There was a good TV and tea and coffee with a kettle and a couple of spare power sockets. The shower was small but worked fine with good pressure even on the top floor.  Everything was clean and the room was warm. The room was cleaned daily and fresh towels and toiletries provided. I think the bedding was changed every two days.  Breakfast was in a small dining room behind reception and was limited to fruit juice, tea & coffee, toast and cereal.  Overall I would say it was…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or340-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",You get wat u pay for,Arrived on Friday 23rd November we had asked for a queit rooms  we were give 2 rooms overlooking the garden the rooms were very small hardly any room u got a tv in your room and a table with tea n coffee making facilities bed was comfy noise wise I am a very light sleeper but slept ok u heard the occasionally underground train but once midnight came it went the hotel is in need of redecorating but apart from that was ok alot of foreign students but for what we paid can't complain ,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or340-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby and uninspiring,The room was tiny with a rickety clothes rack as the only place to put clothes.  The street outside was very noisy and I woke at 3.45am and thought it was time to get up due to what sounded like the rush hour outside.  But the room was very hot so I had to leave the window open.  Threadbare carpets on the stairs.  Breakfast was efficiently served but nothing special and the two French families staying very wisely avoided the croissants which would have horrified them had they tried them.,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or340-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, dingy, unsafe","I believe that this hotel is in the business of scamming customers as the pictures on the internet are nothing like the reality of the rooms. Shabby is one thing: downright dirty is quite another. My heart sank as I walked into the lobby, and my feelings sank lower still as two burly men stood and watched me struggle with my suitcase. Thinking thta I had reached rock bottom, I was yet furtehr dismayed upon seeing the room. You knwo that you are in a dody place when the furtniture is bolted to the floor and the ceiling, there are gauge marks on the room door, and the carpet is stiff with ingrained dirt.  I left - quickly - after securing other accommoidation. The receptionist got aggressive when I complained about the room and even more aggressive when I said that I was leaving.…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or340-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very deceiving photos,"Very deceiving photos on the website, the only thing which looked the same was the picture on the outside, rooms are tiny and no where near as big as they look on their website, coridoors are really narrow, plus as a note of caution if you do plan on staying, don't get them to order you a taxi, we did this, the receptionist called his mate who arrived in a non-registered london taxi, drove us to kings cross station, dropped us on the opposite side of the road to the designated taxi parking area and then demanded £10 for driving 0.5 miles, a total scam and rip-off, you have been warned.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or345-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A quick visit to London,"We wanted a relatively cheap hotel, as our visit was only for one night and we're not really bothered about luxury.  We needed to be near Kings Cross too.  After reading the reviews below, I thought it would be rubbish but we'd cope.  I was quite suprised really.  I paid my bill to the friendly guy on reception and he pointed us in the direction of our room.  We found it very easily.  Upon opening the door, yes it was small, but it was clean and tidy; there was tea, coffee and biscuits; shampoo, shower gel and soap; a flat screen TV and a hair dryer.  Our shower room was small, but clean and totally functional.  We both slept well, but had to turn the radiator down because it was too hot - better than being too cold! In the morning we had the advertised continental breakfast. …",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or345-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Minging!,"Stayed here with work trip. There were stains on the bedsheets, the carpet had fag burns and looked like it had no been cleaned in months. Bathroom rails were rusty and sink was dirty. MINGING, MINGING, MINGING! Travel lodge at the end of the sreet is cleaner and cheaper so you definately do not get what you pay for! DON'T DO IT!",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or345-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but otherwise a dump","We simply needed a bed for the night so as to catch an early Eurostar next morning, so for once we weren't fussy. Just as well! This place is backpacker standard or lower. A room the size of a cupboard, shabby carpet, woeful breakfast and a guy at the reception desk who seemed unable even to crack a smile. The location is great though, and the Vietnamese restaurant round the corner is fabulous.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or345-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Choose another hotel,"Room 7 is underground. Dirty carpet. Shabby curtains. Uncomfortable bed. Stained sheets and towels. The ""en suite"" is a tiled shower cubicle with a toilet in it - I have never seen anything like this before ... Anywhere in the world.   I stayed for about 7 hours and checked out as soon as I could. It is a disgrace that when Britain is a major tourist destination, visitors have to experience this level of squalor. Until the owners invest and refurbish this place I would advise against staying here.",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or345-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump,"What a dump!  Booked this hotel for three days but once I saw the room I went down to reception and asked for another room has the flush was constantly running in the toilet and the room was dirty. I was then given another room and in this one was disgusting so I went and asked for my money back, two nights money was refunded to me but I had to pay for one night even though I wouldnt stay there.  Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or350-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"I booked a double room for a Saturday in September, I was already aprehensive after reading some of the reviews, my fears were realised the moment we walked through the door, the reception area absolutely reeked of stale smoke, and after paying I was informed that should we choose to leave the hotel during our stay we had to leave the key at reception, which again made me very wary especially seeing as I had read reviews where guests had done just that and returned to find things moved in their rooms. The whole place was grubby. Our room was like a shoebox and helpfully the cleaner had left a can of Pledge and a duster on the bedside table - not exactly professional, the toilet door has no lock and there wasn't even soap provided. We didnt end up staying and left within about 5…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or350-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I arrived at the hotel on Tuesday 18th September 2012, with my daughter & 5 year old grandson exited to show him the sights of London, just the look of the place made my heart sink. I booked a room with 3 single beds, the manager said it was not available, i would have to have  a single room & a double, we quickly went to have a look they were disgusting, scary, seedy and these are the nicest words i can use. all in all i think i was in the place 5 mins, we went and checked into the nearest Travelodge. do not waste your money",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or350-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed in...,"Terrible!  Our room looked nothing like the website photos - they must have a room decorated nicely for the sole purpose of promo pictures. Our room was awful, dirty, smelly, couldn't wait to check out!",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or350-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ....,"Stayed here for a hen weekend. Read the reviews online so was a little dubious but... Location is very good, less than 5 minutes easy walk from kings cross and in a quietish side street. Pleasant first impressions, our rooms were ready early and chap on reception was friendly and helpful. Some of our 15 strong girl group were in the basement and although corridor is a bit gloomy the rooms open onto a shared terrace area. This was a welcome space on a hot afternoon with tables and chairs. So welcome that the girls in our group who were not in basement rooms changed rooms so we all had this bonus. Hotel allowed rooms changes with no fuss. Rooms are basic, our family room was massive with a seating area too. Clean room and bathroom with good shower and selection of toiletries.…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or350-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A good place to stay prior to getting an early Eurostar train.,"We booked this quite late before travelling, via Booking.com, and reading the reviews on that site. This is a short walk to St Pancras Station, so excellent if you're getting an early morning train. The price was very reasonable. The room was small, and traffic noisy all night, but we kind of expected traffic sounds in central London. The room was very clean, and adequate, tea/coffee/biscuits provided. Not much space at all for clothes, so would not recommend more that one nights stay. The hotel staff let us have an early breakfast as we were getting an early train. The window boxes at the hotel need some attention! I would imagine this would make a big difference to the appearance of the hotel from the street. Found a local pub for food just up the road on Grays Inn Road - the…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or355-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the price,"The hotel was good to say what we paid. I went with my dad to the olympics and stayed in two single rooms. Ok size, clean and tidy. I am really picky and was comfortable. The only think that slightly bothered me was the road outside, they do have screens that act a sound proofing but you still hear some noise. The breakfast is ok standard continental. I would stay here again for the price its a good option. ",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or355-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",What a weekend!,"Had a stag do in London so me and a couple of the lads decided to get a place to crash after a hard night's work! Nice enough place, didn't bother with the breakfast though I slept right through... It's just what we wanted, basic but great price.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or355-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A good location if you don't like to sleep.,I particularly liked my room in the basement I your hotel conveniently situated a metre or two above the London underground there is nothing more relaxing than the sound of a tube train rattling under your room at 5:30am. Also nice to have a cat outside the room singing through the night. My bathroom light was also not working and showering in the dark is a new skill I have now trained myself in. £70 to stay in a room that had rotten carpets and animals singing and trains rattling really made my night complete. Thanks. ,Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or355-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","No frills, but better than expected","The Swinton is very well located near Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston stations.  I was travelling through London so this was just a stopover for me.  I left to catch a train before they started serving breakfast (8am on a Saturday) so I can't comment on the breakfast.  However, the room was very clean, a little spartan but comfortable.  The bathroom was a wet room, and very clean and bright.  One downside was the traffic noise from outside (my room was at the front) and I thought the common areas, what little of them I saw, could have been in better decorative order.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or355-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as the reviews suggest,Having read the reviews on here I was dreading my one night stay but I have to say it wasn't too bad. Very basic but clean room and ensuite toilet and wet room. Central location. I wouldn't rush to stay here again but it could be worse,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or360-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Landslip on rail line so had to cancel booking,"Paolo, the Swinton Hotel Manager, was extremely sympathetic to our plight. We had to cancel our rooms outwith the 48 hour period but he assured us that, if we contacted booking.com, that he would waive charges. I have to add that booking.com were very accommodating as well and, after talking to Paolo, we were refunded. What a joy. Thank you, thank you.  We have decided that when we rerurn to London, we will book the Swinton through booking.com.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or360-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",basic but good,"brought the little ones to london on a budget, actually quite suprised at swinton it was better then we thought! rooms werent fancy but beds were nice, little bit noisy sometimes but kids still slept ok. no full english but there are plenty of places to go to if you want something like that. might not be for everyone but we enjoyed ou r stay there!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or360-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but for good reason,"A hotel mainly used by groups of students so expect to woken early as they all get ready each morning. Sound insulation between walls poor. On returning the evening of my first stay and finding only one pillow in my room and asking for another one at reception I was greeted with the reply. ""At this time?"". Cheap but would only reccomend if you can't afford the next step up.",Date of stay: January 2012,2.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or360-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Ok budget hotel in london,"So, the Swinton hotel is OK for a ""budget"" hotel. Keep in mind budget still means expensive in London. We paid £84 for 1 room for 2 people just for the night as we were attending a concert. The hotel was easy to find from Kings Cross station and easy to access. First impressions were good. The guy at reception was friendly enough but no conversation just told us what we needed to know basically. The corridors had a funny smell but were clean.  Our room (room 9) was not what we were expecting. We walked into a room that could sleep up to 6 people with 3 beds spread across the room!! Although the room was really clean it was grubby looking. Dirty windows, marks all over the walls, the same smell as the corridor & no natural light as the window faced a wall. even with the lights on…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or360-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Budget hotel, small, bit cramped but OK","Stayed here for one night in April, picked it because it was close to Kings Cross and cheap.  About 5 mins walk from the station, arrived about 6pm on a Saturday night. Receptionist was Ok, checked me in in a couple of minutes. The room was a single, very small with a tiny shower room, but it was clean which is all you can ask for at the price (less than £70). TV was very small and on a bracekt that wouldn't move so was difficult to watch from the bed, which was the only place to sit.  I'd recommend this place if you're on a budget and not going to be in the room for very long.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or365-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",DODGY!,"Dodgy. Guest are obligated to leave key. Don't leave valuables in rooms as you might find your door OPEN as we did, mixed reasons as to why it was open. Very arrogant receptionist/concierge. Petty excuse for a continental breakfast. Noisy rooms if you're staying on the road side, 2 windows didn't do anything. PICTURE looks nothing like what you actually stay in.... Ok if no other hotels available and you're taking nothing but the clothes on your back!   As a concerned parent I my father-in-law phoned management  for an explanation about people entering the room he asked for management and got put though to a guy who said ""To you I'm Paulo"" he refused any explanation and just simply said, its his hotel and could go in any room he wanted any time he wanted.He was very discourteous…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or365-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",I'd Stay Here Again,"Very clean, good price, good food. Room was excellent considering 3 people in it. Room opened out onto a garden area. Excellent Value for £50 per head.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or365-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very simple but well located hotel,"I stayed two nights in this hotel. I was a little bit afraid after reading some comments about this hotel. It's true that the room was very small and very plain, and that it was really very noisy. However my room and bathroom were clean, and there was towels, soap, shampoo, a hairdryer, tea and biscuits... And it is well located, near Saint Pancras station (the main reason why I had chosen this hotel). The staff was nice (when I left Sunday morning the guy at the reception reminded me that the hour had changed) and the breakfast quite good.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or365-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Great, central spot","For £70 a night this is a really good find for 5 mins from Kings Cross station.  The room was not huge, but not problem small, everything was clean and a few small pack of biscuits is always appreciated.  No complaints and the best of several hotels I have tried in this area.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or365-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good for the lads,"Myself and a few of the boys stayed here, we were expecting something from the film Hostel but were pretty surprised. It wasn’t the Taj Mahal but no one was expecting that. Place was clean enough, had a nice kettle, few bickies, towels and stuff were changed even though we were only there for two nights. Hardly a place to bring the wife and kids but if you are just a bunch of lads you’ll have no problems. Staff were all good bant as well and seemed pretty down to earth and friendly, sure there was no bloke In a top hat to take your bags, but again, I wasn’t expecting that for the price.   Would totes stay there again",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or370-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Ever!,"So we booked this ""hotel"" without really looking into more details and trusting their website pictures... What a mistake! We arrived late and when we came to our room we did not know what to do - everything, from smell to the sheets was so disgusting! After checking the sheets closely we found spots of blood on them! It seemed like the room was not cleaned since the building was built. The management said they did not have any other rooms available, which at the end of the day we did not even want any!  In the middle of the night we started looking for another hotel as we could not stay a single minute in this kind of place. Thankfully, there was another bed & breakfast style hotel a few houses down, which was less expensive and clean!   We requested our money to be refunded,…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or370-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Just about satisfactory for the price,"Clean, basic rooms for close to budget price. Location a little further from Kings ross than other budget hotels in the area. Breakfast was very basic, only cold croissant and some toasts but the coffee was excellent. If it was £20 cheaper it would be great.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or370-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","...uuuugh , i for one wont be returning.","Stayed here mid wk due to work in London - AWFUL EXPERIENCE. The hotel is situated on the one way system around kings cross just after a set of traffic lights, i was staying in one of the rooms at the front of the hotel, between the window not closing property and the single glazing , all i heard all night was the revving of truck/bus/car engines pulling of from the traffic lights=no sleep, beside that the room in tiney, u step side ways in the actual bedroom door, and hav to back up into the bathroom...no joke, paper thin walls, sounded like a porno was being filmed nxt door at one point. i asked to move rooms the nxt night due to all the noise (remember the truck revving....) ther was only one other room available....down in the dungeon...i mean lower grd floor, i thot i was…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or370-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Maybe my standards are wrong but...,This place looks great value but actually isn't. I'd have been better off spending a few more pounds so I didn't feel depressed and claustrophobic in this very poor room... never ever ever again will I believe laterooms.com,Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or370-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Misleading pictures on website listings,"This hotel looked like decent value at £64 per night for a single room and breakfast. The pictures posted on Hotels-London.co.uk gave the impression that the rooms were clean and moderately modern. However, when I got to my single room, it looked like a prison cell, furnished with second-hand very basic, not even shabby-chic furniture. It was very depressing. The wooden toilet seat was all worn and fraying at the inside front, and harbored goodness knows what kind of bacteria. Although the shower was clean, the very small en-suite smelt nasty. The bed was lumpy, athough the sheets were clean.The carpet in the room, and throughout the hotel, was filthy. The road noise was noticeable, and the walls were so thin I could hear the man next door snoring. The only positive was that the…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or375-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",NOT BAD,"Went with open mind after reading previous reviews but it was a short walk from Kings Cross, we got there earlier than checking in time and got into our room, the room was in basment with very large window and three beds, basic I agree but more than ample room, the bathroom/shower was small but adequate.  Breakfast was excellant, it states continental and that is what is was, the service was quick and the staff were all very friendly.  We could even leave our bags so we didn't have to carry them all over London.  I will say this to all you people who have rated this low, you got what you paid for in London if you expected better you should have paid what the other hotels were asking.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or375-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Great location , disappointing room.","This hotel is cheap by London standards at £84 per night but if you are using Kings Cross or St Pancras it is a perfect location. On the positive side the sheets and towels were clean and there was copious hot water. The washing facilities were all clean and the shower worked perfectly . Being on the second floor at the rear the room was very quiet. On the down side the room was tiny, the carpet was old and stained and the furniture was 70 s pine , old and tired.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or375-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",good location,"Definitely Kings Cross is the one of the best places to stay if you're visiting London and this Hotel is a few minutes from the Tube and train stations and St Pancreas International Station. But the good thing about this hotel finishes here, as the rooms are dirty, the carpet smelly and the toilet, like from petrol stations on the road. Worth it for the price? Maybe.",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or375-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very Happily Surprised,"We had read the reviews with some trepidation, but for 80 quid for a London hotel with breakfast, we thought not bad.  How right we were.  We were welcomed at the door with a very good security system, politely checked in and given the key to our room.  The lift is a bit bijou but it got us to the top floor in one piece.    The room was small but clean and tidy with plenty of tea, coffee and biscs and clean towels and bathroom condiments.  The only problem was the windows didnt stay open so we had to prop it up with the bin!  Breakfast the next morning was lovely, the very pleasant waitress had a bit of a job grasping there;s no glasses left but we got there in the end!  We had tea, coffee, juice, lovely flaky croissants, cheese, beautiful sliced ham and toast with a choice of…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or375-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, dated, cheap fittings not to be recommended","Filthy, expensive dump with decor dating from the 70's. Many fixtures broken, cracked, rusty or just not working. £84 for one person for one night is a complete rip-off for this standard of hotel even in London. Big-name budget hotels nearby much better value for money. Only positive I that the bedding and towels were clean and freshly changed.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or380-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",4 days in quiet room !!!!!! like hell,"Well I have stayed at a lot of Kings Cross Hotels in the last 2 years. this by far is the noisest hotel I have ever stayed at 24/7 major short cut for heavy trucks buses,lorries and noisy cars.!!!!! all day and all night.  Poor breaky, no bake beans no eggs, nothing cooked at all. ceral and bread and tea and coffee.  I asked for a double bed in a quiet room and was prepared to pay extra on arrival I got a room at the front upstairs. despite double windows the noise was unbearable.!!!! be warned.  The room was clean, but no fresh air till you opened the window!!!! and the noise was so load I couldnt hear the tv !!!!!!.  friendly staff, dont ask for an Iron it had melted plastic stuck on it. and was unuseable!!! definetly not recomended except for those who get a room at the back…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or380-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",2 Star Swinton Hotel accountable to no one!,"I booked a London hotel on behalf of my wife through www.booking.com. My wife and son reported to the hotel very late on Friday 1st April. The concierge requested payment before showing the accommodation. My wife was appalled when viewing the room because of faecal and urine smell and sought a change of room.   In the the second room the toilet leaked, there was insufficient room to open door without knocking into bed. Air conditioning was a fan, there were stains on ceilings, the pipes in both ensuite rooms were open (not boxed in) and pipes were not clean, ensuite facilities in both roomswere not full size sink units- just cloakroom size sink units.  I have written to the manager of Swinton Hotel who has not  replied.  Gerard Marshall Dervaig  Silvertonhill Lnae  Dumbarton G82…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or380-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Carry-on Swinton,"General reception and hallway area was very drab. On first impression the room was basic but the bedding was clean and the bathroom was clean and that's what mattered. However as the evening progressed the door handle came off the bathroom door, the toilet light string broke and the sink was all cracked. Although the radiator temp couldn't be adjusted there was a fan but during the night that decided to break too. Although we paid for brekfast my nephew and l decided not to bother the quicker we got out of the better. I felt well and truly ripped off paying £79 for a child and an adult. I would not recommend this hotel. The sad thing is that with some care and attention it could be a great place to stay.",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or380-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, dated rooms",We stayed here for one night as we had a night out in London and live far away. The location is fanastic and the overall hotel was clean.  The rooms are very budget and the hallways are small but you get what you pay for!  It's not the worst hotel in the world and for a stop over for a night out it's perfect!,Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or380-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",'Psycho' meets 'The Shining' with a bit of 'Hostel' thrown in,"As a female travelling alone, I never once felt safe in this hotel. I'm not usually a wimp, but the room I was given was the furthest away from Reception, down a long, winding corridor. The door to my room didn't lock and could easily have been pushed open from the outside, meaning I was constantly on edge the whole time. While the guy on Reception was friendly enough, I didn't see or hear another soul the whole time I was there, making me sure that I was the only person staying in the whole place and I agree with the other reviewer who said it felt as though they were being watched constantly... Too scared to close my eyes so ended up calling a friend to pick me up at 1am and spent the night on their sofa!! Don't know what I would have done if I didn't know someone in the city.…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or385-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Dont stay if your a lone female traveller!!!,"Im afraid this place really gave me the creeps! The walk from Kings cross is intimidating at night. I dont scare easily but slept with my clothes on in case of being disturbed or there being a fire. There was no way of locking the door from inside my room and my room was directly opposite the lift on the first floor.  i didnt see any other females at all, staff or guests. My room wasnt too bad considering the rest of the hotel but the curtains were dirty and wouldnt pull together!  Felt like I was being watched! The sheets were clean as were the towels. So glad when it was morning and I left without experiencing the breakfast.   Need I say more?",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or385-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",look elsewhere,"I recently stayed at this hotel with clients. On arrival after a short flight, I needed a shower. There was NO hot water and after complaining, I was told they would fix it in the morning so no shower was had. The rooms are very small with very basic features.The ensuite was so small that when you needed to sit on the toilet, the wash basin was in your face. I had to lean to one side to avoid hitting my head off the basin. The beds were fine albeit a little short on pillows but if you are looking for a good nights sleep, this is not for you. The street noise is horrendous. It must be the busiest road in London 24hrs a day. The room was very warm and I had to balance the need to open the window against the level of noise. I decided to purchase earplugs and they did the trick. In…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or385-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value budget hotel,"Handy for KX/St Pancras stations, Bloomsbury restaurants and local public transport. Pleasant staff. Comfortable bed. Nice shower. Breakfast is a little minimalist in choice, very bread/cereal orientated (some yogurt/fruit would be nice), but all in all very good value for a  London break.  We would definitely go back.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or385-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Swinton Hotel ""Value for Money""","Location: The Hotel is in prime location in london. The hotel is at the walkable distance from ""London - Tube railway station"" (King cross pancreas). So people who are preferring for sight seeing the hotel is a good place to stay.  Interior: I stayed in a single bedroom. The rooms are neat and tidy. I found myself very comfortable over there Facilities & benefit: The Hotel has free Wireless internet service. I chat with my family in India. They also provide free complimentary break fast. The break fast is very good with varieties of Fruit juices available.  Economy: The room rent is very economical. i paid only 59 pounds/day. This is one of the cheapest & finest hotel you can find in london. Conclusion: I recommend others to stay in this hotel. It is in prime location & walkable…",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or385-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Probably not a great idea,"I booked this hotel having read the reviews on here, so I had a fairly good idea of what awaited me - but I had to be in London at short notice, and money is tight at the moment!   The hotel did not inspire confidence from the word go, since the building next door is in an advanced state of decay. The staff were all friendly and helpful, and the hotel is a short walk from Kings cross station - the drawback is that the area is not exactly safe at night, especially for a woman on her own, so I resorted to a taxi once it got dark. My room was grubby to say the least - a shower that looked as though you could catch Legionnaire's just by looking at it, rotting wood on the bathroom door frame and enough dust to fill a large cushion. Oddly enough, my bed was spotlessly clean and very…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or390-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Unkempt Hotel,"My Husband and I stayed in this hotel for one night, and one night was enough. The room was tiny and the carpet and curtains were filthy. The bathroom was small and the towel rail was all rusty and the towels they provided had stains all over them.  The bed was really uncomfortable.  The room where breakfast was provided was really small, and all the guests were sqaushed in there almost sitting on top of each other!! I would not want to stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or390-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",OMG only for the brave,"I booked very late thru Laterooms.com and quickly looked at the website for this hotel.  It looked OK.   Be warned this place is a cheap and nasty dump.   The pictures on the website are very misleading and I have reported to Laterooms.com. This place was very seedy and for a woman travelling on her own it was scary and I am not easily intimidated. When I showed friends pictures of this hotel (which are almost identical to the ones already on this page!), they could not believe it and as pals do, kindly suggested I could have supplimented my income fror the night.   Thats what it feels like - a knocking shop with pay per hour rooms!! Avoid at all costs - pay the extra £20 and stay at nearby Travelodge",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or390-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Seedy-ist hotel I've ever stayed in!,"Booked this hotel after a lot of research into reasonably cheap hotels in the King's Cross/Islington area because it looked great on the website and we generally favour small, independent hotels over chains like Travelodge. The website makes this hotel look bright and airy, clean and modern but it is actually none of these things. It is tired and dirty, poky and cramped and in dire need of redecoration throughout. This first becomes apparent in the reception area and only gets worse.  We don't have a problem with small rooms (in this case, very small) as long as they are clean and comfortable, but ours was neither of these.  First impression is that it wasn't outright filthy, more a bit grubby and badly needing a lick of paint, new carpets (didn't walk on the floor…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or390-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",BRIGHT RED LIGHT,"When we arrived the outside of the hotel looked nice, clean and tidy as it was bright, sun shining - an idyllic London day. Upon entry the reception area looked OK, friendly staff who directed us to the lift. 3 adults + luggage. Upon entry into the lift we noticed a ladder inside the lift. We questioned the receptionist about the purpose of the ladder and WHTEHER THE LADDER BELONGED IN THE LIFT, and WHY? The staff member apologised and removed the LADDER from the LIFT?!?! At that point we had 4 adults + luggage + ladder in a lift measuring 4x4, room to move was wishfull thinking. We were instructed to go to the second floor, where we were meant to be staying. Upon reaching the second floor we were greeted by a psychotic ""staff member"" screaming enquieries at us about his ladder.…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or390-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Dissapointing, indifferent staff, good location","Stayed overnight after travelling to London for the football. Arrived early, staff allowed us to leave luggage. Returned to freshen up and informed reception no hot water and heating not working and informed they would sort it. Upon arriving back at hotel in early hours we were informed the hot water was off and that they had other rooms a different floor if we needed a shower (not good for the disabled treveller like myself). We were also informed that the boiler was not working in our wing of the hotel so there would be no heating. It was -2 outside and no extra blankets or covers were provided.     The bathroom was no more than a closet, and someone my size, 6' 3"" would struggle. The shower although unused we could tell would be a tight fit and when sat upon the toilet the…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or395-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,"I stayed in The Swinton during the first week of February 2010. My room was pleasantly heated during this terribly freezing week and kept clean and tidy. Towels were changed fresh, the bed done and the garbage removed, all daily. The staff was always kind and helpful and willing to serve. The breakfast was good. The (double) room was somewhat tiny (as is so usual in London hotels), but the shower was quite alright, hot water ran plentifully all day. I liked my stay there!",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or395-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous - stay at your peril,"I arrived in London at 10:30pm and was extremely upset and disturbed to be faced with, by far the worst hotel I have ever set foot in. The reception area was filthy and when I walked up the stairs to the third floor the stench was overpowering and almost made me physically sick. The room itself was filthy, the 'bathroom' which conveniently isn’t shown on their website was even worse. The grout on the tiles was mouldy and black, the toilet would never appear to have been cleaned, just had green bleach poured in over the visible filth at the bottom of the toilet bowl. As I was only in London for the one night I considered whether or not I could stay here, the whole room just look untidy, unkept and worst of all un-clean. It was genuinely worse than hostels I have stayed in, in…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or395-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly what we were looking for. (almost),"stayed here with my partner, basicly what it says is what you get, staff are really nice, bed nice to sleep on, little kitchenett what we wern't expecting, bathroon was on the small side but you could still get in the shower and use the toilet with out any trouble, could ajust shower to heat you like, Breakfast was exactly what i said (continental) made up off tea/coffie, toast, quassonts (sp) cereal, Could hace done with a full english but thats just my oppinion. beds made everyday, refills of water, tea/coffie, and biscuits. only down side was the kettle was not in a very clean state so we didn't use it. and as for the other reviews about the noise yes there is some noise from the surrounding areas but as there is everywere in london. Will be coming back!!!! OH and it rained…",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or395-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid - the worst carpet in London!,Booked in here by my company for its vicinity to our meeting. The outside looks OK even though the street was run down but once inside I had to resist running away. As four of us were booked in and paid for we felt obliged to stay  The man on reception was pleasant but once we stepped out of the reception area into the neglected corridors it went down hill. The decor and carpets were dirty and stained - this continued into my room. I did not take of my shoes and socks to walk on the carpet as the carpet felt soggy. The bedlinen was clean and fresh otherwise I could not have stayed but the bath and in particular the shower curtain were disgusting - stained and rotting. I spent most of my time on the bed wondering how to get out of the room without standing on the carpet again  I…,Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or395-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Fine.,"The best bit was the huge breakfast. The room and bathroom was very small, but clean. The only reason to stay here is to be close to King Cross.",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or400-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",'Fleapit',"The worst hotel I have stayed in for a long time. There must be one room in the hotel that is clean and fresh - that is how they fool you with a nice photo and you see the odd decent review (or the owner has written it!). From the moment you leave the reception area, your heart sinks. The corridors are seriously tatty and look like they haven't been decorated in 40 years. The room was disgusting. I put down towels on the carpet as it looked so flea-ridden! Don't lift the bed cover up and look under the bed - your mind will be full of nightmares for years to come. The bed must have been 40 years old too! . I immediately tried to find another hotel but everything else was full so I stayed. Outside the noise from the main road and the local drunks was incessant all night. I slept…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or400-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good value - basic and clean,"I was very pleased with this hotel and would definitely use it again if I needed somewhere cheap and near Kings Cross. The room was spotlessly clean and seemed recently decorated, with tea/coffee and biscuits. There was also a hairdryer, electric fan and Sky TV which is more than I expect to get in this price bracket.   The only things I would criticise were that the TV remote didn't work and the curtains didn't close properly, but these are very minor quibbles.  The road the hotel is on is fairly noisy all night, but that's central London for you.   The continental breaky was good too, far better than some I have had! Staff were polite, friendly and helpful and there is 24 hour reception. All in all a really good bet if you are on a budget and need somewhere central to crash.",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or400-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Scary,"I booked the Swinton Hotel as I had to take a last minute business trip and as with most companies at the moment we are being encouraged to keep our travel costs to a minimum. As a female travelling on my own I always look for nice comfortable smaller hotels, never again, in future ill be sticking to the big chains.  I wish I had read the reviewsI I was lucky enough to get one of thier much sought after garden rooms! what a joke the garden was a yard with tins of paint rubbish etc everywhere and as the only window in the room were the french doors,  I couldnt leave a window open (it was sweltering)  because I felt unsafe.  The bathroom was disgusting, it was basically a small wetroom with a toilet and sink in it which meant once I had a shower I could not go back in the room…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or400-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and Budget-Friendly Hotel... the real story!,"Ok, I really don't know what people are expecting for the money.. be really honest, you're not going to get the Ritz for a double costing £59 a night in central London! The hotel itself is ideal for anyone with a strict budget who just needs a base to operate from. It's really close to Kings Cross/St Pancras station which is a blessing if you've got a long day of travel ahead of you. True the hotel itself does look grubby from the outside but they have tried their best to keep the inside looking presentable and clean. It's shockingly tricky to do this in high traffic central London!   The staff were helpful and pleasant enough. They checked me in promptly and ordered me a taxi when I asked for one later without any attitude. No issues with me turning up after 2am from a night of…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or400-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Swinton Hotel or The London Dungeon,"My wife booked the hotel for it’s convenient location to the wedding reception we were attending and when I previewed it on the internet before our trip to London it looked clean, cosy and quite basic.  My first impressions were daunted when we entered Swinton  Street itself which looked jaded, dirty and neglected.  We reached the outside of the hotel and were not encouraged or heartened by the scrappy paintwork and dusty curtains and we reluctantly entered the building to find nothing short of a hovel.  We refused use of the lift and accepted the challenge of 3 flights of stairs.  We were less intimidated by the garish pattern of the carpet than we were of the stains it failed to hide.  We were also very cautious not to touch the filthy paintwork, which took a degree of skill…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or405-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"This was the most dreadful hotel I have ever experienced it was like something out of a horror movie. Smelly dirty room overlooking a block of noisy council flats which I witnessed a robbery on the last night of our stay. My friend and I felt very unsafe heard lots of strange noises and the gap under the door is so big anyone in the corrider could look in. Everything in the bathroom was rusty and the shower was so tiny. We left our window open the whole duration of the stay to try let the disgusting mouldy smell out. Breakfast was disgusting, a bit of toast and cereal served by waitresses who could not speak english.When checking out I used the toilet beside the reception, disgusting. The mans clothes from reception were rolled up in balls in the corners and there were dirty…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or405-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this one,"We stayed for one night in this hotel, which looked convenient regarding its close location to St Pancras' Eurostar station. That was the good side of our stay in the swinton hotel. We payed 70 pounds for a double bed room, shower and WC included. We were given a room on the street side, with a thin glass window that wouln't close at all.. considering the street is actually a road, we were counting cars that couldn't stop passing and passing a few meters from us.  the worst thing being the ventilation van : once you switch on the light in the bathroom, the ventilation starts working automatically, and stops only a couple of minutes after you've switched off the light. Our neighbour must have forgotten to switch off his light, therefore we couldn't sleep before 2 or 3 in the…",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or405-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell!!!!,"I stayed at this skanky hotel just this weekend gone , i didnt enjoy my stay at all!! I arrived at the hotel and the first thing i noticed was the horrible stench going up my nose, it was disgusting!! The curtains were brown with stains, the net curtains were brown and dirty, the windowsill was full of dust and muck. Thats not the end of it oh no!!!! I went to have a shower and the whole bathroom flooded then you couldnt go back into the bathroom as the floor was dripping wet! The facilities were hurendous my tv stopped working and the staff done nothing about it also their was one member of staff who was very rude in the morning of my checkout, he started taking his anger out on the customers of the hotel. In didnt like my stay at all also i should mention that the carpet had…",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or405-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",fleas flourished dodt go there,"moved to this hotel from one accross the road when we got back at 2315. (still dont know why as the rest of our party were not moved.) Room was filthy, carpet badly stained, tea and coffee but no milk and the cups were still dirty from the previous guests, no shaving socket so hubby had to travel home without shaving. The sink was blocked up with hair, so water took ages to drain. Couldn't get into bed as sheets were definitely not fresh, so slept on top with coat covering. The room was nothing like there website. Came home with multiple flea bites, so at least one living creature likes the rooms..",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or405-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Ok for one night, but scare stories are not far off!!!","Me and my wife were only in London for one night, and were looking for a cheap hotel round Kings Cross that was nothing special, just a place that we could get some rest for the one night we were in London!  We booked into the Hotel Swinton as it was only £70 for a double room, and was in the area we were wanting.  The website of this hotel is very missleading, as it made it look very stylish and clean, but to be honest it is far from that!  It is far from the worse hotel I have ever stayed in, and I am pretty open minded to some of teh stuff I read on here, but given the choice I would probably stay somewhere else next time!  Good points about the hotel are location (short walk to Kings Cross)  and the breakfast was really good, but there are more bad points!  The actual rooms…",Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or410-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Hell hole: Don't stay,"Don't waste your time here for the following reasons:  1) prostitutes and dodgy people walking around the hotel  2) scary and rude staff at the check-in counter  3) the room is literally hell, so dirty  4) the toilet is so dirty and the floor is caving in,   5) there is no a/c,   6) the bed is full of bugs, that i got bitten  do i need to go on?",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or410-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Dire, Filthy Hovel!!!! Do Not Go!!!","If you value your safety, and cleanliness, under no circumstances should you stay in this flea hole!! My colleagues and I, three young females, were due to stay here for 5 nights, lets just say we didn't stay for 5 minutes!! We were guarnteed a triple room and had 2 single beds and one piece of foam on the floor. Sheets were dirty, towels were dirty, walls were stained, no where to hang clothes, communal areas smelt damp. I had bites on my arms and my colleague had a bite on her leg. I am in the process of writing a scathing letter to trading standards to try and shut this hovel down. Enter at your own peril!!!!",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or410-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Bad news - dirty,"Dont go here, this hotel is unclean and the staff are awful. Their web site makes the place seem much better than it really is.",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or410-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Better than I was expecting,"Stayed in this hotel September 2007 for one night.  it was booked as a spur of the moment decision and after reading previous reviews I was quite dubious regarding what the hotel would be like, also the fact that the taxi driver had never heard of the hotel made us even more wary!  However, on arrival, although basic, the room was clean and quite spacious, altho smelt slightly foisty.  Staff were pleasant and helpful giving directions etc.   Not too far from St Paul's Cathedral.   Breakfast was good - cereal, tea/coffee, toast, juice etc.  This hotel was ok as a one off but I doubt I would stay here again, I would recommend staying in the covent garden area as this is much more lively and interesting. ",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or410-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Steer clear of the scary owner,"When you get a room in a London hotel for £42, you can't expect fantastic quality and awesome facilities. What you should be able to expect is politeness from staff, and maybe even a welcoming smile. Having taken my room key out of the hotel (apparently against the rules - not that i'd been told), I was the subject of a verbal tirade from London's equivalent of Basil Fawlty.  The rooms are tiny, badly decorated and poorly equipped. It is however very convenient for Kings Cross station.... ",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or415-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not Good,Website looks good but don't be fooled. The hotel looks nothing like their website. DUMP.  ,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or415-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",A great disappointment!,This hotel was a total disappointment. Their marketing staff have done a great job through their website. In reality - a very different story. There were 2 beds in a room that was meant to sleep only one. It was claustrophobic and the space so limited that we had to put our bags on top of each other if we still wanted to reach the bathroom. It was dirty like it has not been cleaned in weeks. The staff was unfriendly. You have to pay in full in advance and if you have a longer stay - you are bound to just pull through somehow. Will not go back there and will not recommend this to anyone. ,Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or415-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",ok just for 1 night,"Stayed here for 1 night got the family room which was fine. Added bonus of a little kitchenette. But bathroom was very very grotty. But the water was piping hot. Staff ok, Breakfast was continental but a good choice. Central location. Lovely italian Mediteraniun 5 min walk away ",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or415-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,I cannot recommend this hotel. The staff is absolutely dreadful and they do nothing to solve your problems that they created in the first place........ ,Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or415-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",preferred to be outside,"Carpet was dirty, there were dead flies everywhere so i can only imagine the room hadn't been used for some time, can't tell whether the bed linen had been washed as it was old, the bed was made up though. Hair everywhere i'm also talking pubic as well. There was some attempt at cleaning the toilet though the cleaning fluid had dripped down the pan.   The positives are :The room smelt okay, good breakfast although the juices were not rotated so best to take one from the front of the breakfast trolley .    The views from windows interesting, can't imagine why anyone would want to live in a mess. Hotel not far from main shopping area, a map or walking sat nav neccessary. ",Date of stay: February 2007,2.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or420-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Functional but clean...,"I visit this hotel quite regularly. It would be easier to get a hotel in a big corporate chain through my employers, but this costs them less, and actually I prefer it. The rooms have a modern appearance, and are very clean, and theres good tv reception (they seem to be moving over to digital, but possibly with the odd hitch.) It's quiet (ask for a room at the back for complete quiet!), convenient, staff are friendly, and breakfast, while not full english, is fine. On the downside, this isn't the place I'd take my girlfriend for a romantic weekend, and the corridors smell a bit. But then at these prices, I dont mind a few rough edges. ",Date of stay: September 2006,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or420-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",nice,"This hotel is small but lovely. The staff are very friendly and helpful. However, the elevator is quite old and make some scary noise. Overall it's nice. I would recomend this hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2006,3.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or420-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,I expect a 64 pound hotel to have a working WC but this hotel hadn't and they failed to fix it.  They also state that the have wireless internet but the staff I met couldn't inform me if it was working.  No bedlamp. ,Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or420-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",poor,"horrible ... rooms are narrow, smells, showers in actually combined with the toilette (do not image it), funny electrical installations ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or420-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Decent and clean but don't expect more,"We searched for a decent hotel near downtown London in the 70-80 Pounds (we spent 70 here) and found this small 2 stars (and not one more) hotel conveniently located at about a 10 minute walk from the Kings Cross Metro station.  The hotel room was clean but really small.  They provided us with fresh towels every day (we stayed for 4 nights). The bathroom was tiny and a bit funky. The sink sported two separated faucets (hot and cold), the bedroom had a very small TV, a fridge a fan (for those few hot days). Overall, if you do not want to spend a fortune and stay in a clean place near a tube access, this is an OK place. ",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or425-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from this Hotel,"Terrible, we boked this hotel for 4 nights on March 2006. We got the Garden view, it had to be a joke the view was of a patio with mold and cigarrete buts!!. The hall to our room wasn't wide enough to fit our lugage. The bathroom had no separation between the toilet and the shower. We left this hotel just minutes after arriving. There are 3 Travelodge hotels that charge the same in the surrounding area, they charge the same as this hotel and are way better. ",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or425-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect, modest hotel!","This is another small, English hotel in a converted block of flats.  Located in a regular, safe neighborhood near Kings Cross, a great hub for getting around London (10 min walk). The staff were friendly & helpful, the main areas were clean and looked after, and the room, while small, was comfortable and warm.  The shower/toilet was a bit bizarre, but everything worked! Not expensive, I paid about £45 a night, I was really happy with it and recommend to the traveller who just wants a clean place to lay their head at night. ",Date of stay: February 2006,4.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or425-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic,"stayed at this fantastic hotel feb 2005 in the Bradford suite. My husband and myself could not fault this hotel in any way. Ther view from our room was amazing. The food was fabulous and the service was impeccable, nothing was too much trouble! We enjoyed our stay so much we are returning in July to stay in the Turret room,Can't wait. ",Date of stay: February 2005,5.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or425-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not Bad...,"I can say that I rather enjoyed my stay at the Swinton Hotel.  I received an internet rate of 45 pounds per night. I am satisfied with saying that I got what I paid for.   It is, what it is: a small hotel, with small rooms, small beds and small bathrooms. The room that I stayed in was very clean. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. It was nice to have the ability to make either coffee or tea in the room. The refrigerator was good to have also.   Breakfast, which is included in the rate, was slightly above average.     The location was good, especially due to the number of stores and restaurants close by. Also, public transportation is easily available.  I might possibly stay at Swinton again someday ",None,3.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or425-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"We booked a double en-suite room.  The main problem was the ""en-suite"" which turned-out to be a small wardrobe-size affair with see-through ranch-style swing-doors ie no privacy whatsoever. After flushing the toilet we had to wait 10 minutes before it would flush again. The shower had almost no pressure. The ""bathroom"" (converted wardrobe?)  had a build-up of grimy gunge between the tiles, not an attractive sight.  We made our excuses and left a.s.a.p.  What do you expect for £55 per night in London? you might ask.  I would never have beleived that it would be permissible to advertise this as a recently refurbished hotel.   Never Again!!! ",None,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d243541-Reviews-or430-Swinton_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Swinton Hotel Reviews, London",Good deal,"Small but *clean* rooms, clean bathrooms, breakfast was OK but not great, overall a good deal for London. I would go back ",Date of stay: January 2004,3.0
