,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or0-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"You dont want to pay much for london, then you wont get much in return. However even the cheapest places need to be clean and i'm afraid this misses the mark. I don't mind run down, but there is no excuse for dust, mould or hairs. It mightbe in the west of the city but there is nothing 'premier' about this place I can tell you! My 3 stars is based on price paid - value for money.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or0-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,Nice clean hotel in a quiet area (for a city location). Friendly and helpful reception staff. Don't do evening meals but plenty of food outlets nearby. Good choice and quality of breakfast food. Only minor niggle was the lack of space in the breakfast room. Not enough cutlery or glasses to go around and not enough seats for the breakfast rush hour but in a sense that was fine as I had to go sit with a lovely Italian couple and we had a great chat which would never happen if there was loads of empty tables so its not really a negative at all is it:-),Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or0-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Premier West,"Horrible room. Horrible Smell. Everything was falling apart. The window was dangerously broken too, so couldn't open or close. It was freezing. It was really awful. I had stayed there before and it wasn't all that bad. This was the worse ever. The view - no comments. Impossible that it was hygenic if the smell was that bad. Stale horrible dirty smell.               ",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or0-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, large rooms",It is a very good choice for a city trip. Close to the tub in a nice and quiet neighborhood. Large and clean rooms. The staff was nice and helpfull but the breakfast was poor. I strongly recommend for friends or young couples who want to see the city.               ,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or0-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",no surprise it's closed and boarded up now,"it's now closed, surrounded by security gates and half the windows are broken - shame as this would represent an improvement on the time I stayed there last june.  everything was cramped filthy and in a state of disrepair.  typical zone 1/2 rubbish.  for same price you can find something far better further out but still on the tube.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or5-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Premier West Hammersmith,"This hotel was chosen because of the offer it had in the pamphlet. The pictures looked wonderful and for the last days of the trip it was going to be suitable. Little did we know how wrong we were. The beds were low with minimal bedding, the kettle cord could not reach the power point, the TV was supposed to work according to the desk clerk, but it never did, none of the rooms that were pictured on the brochure were what we saw on the ground floor. You had to slam the door shut because if you didn't, it would swing open. The lighting left a lot to be desired. The water was hot but the bathroom left a lot to be desired. I would suggest that everyone check out the reviews on any hotel they want to stay at and not get conned like we did. I would add pics but I am ashamed that we…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or5-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here !,Stayed in this hotel with my wife and 4 year old son for a weekend in london.   The hotel is an absolute dump. The outside is scruffy. All cracked tiles. Mouldy walls. The guys on reception are all rude and speak little English. The stairs to the rooms carpet all worn with holes in. Room was terrible holes in walls the TV didn't work no door on wardrobe black mould in bathroom no duvets. Very loud outside with building works. I would avoid this hotel only thing it's good for is location tube station 5 min walk and takes 15 mins to central london.,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or5-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place I have ever stayed,I recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. When we checked in I seen we were given a twin room instead of a double which I had booked. As we are a couple sleeping in two single beds isnt acceptable. When I spoke to the man on reception got told to push the beds together!  The room was pretty much falling apart some of the plug sockets were burnt out. Only one light bulb worked. The draws were falling apart. The tv didnt work. When I tried the shower it didnt reach the holder so you had to hold it and then hardly any water came out. The shower curtain had a massive hole in. I was told they would try and move us the next night but when I seen the man on reception I was told no and when I explained about the shower and all the other problems he didn't care. The cleaner was…,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or5-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommed,"Booked this hotel, but when saw the room , they were holes in the wall, toilet seat was not on, silicone everywhere in bathroom , electrics didn't look good , hence I did not stay and booked somewhere else. Hotel in much need of renovating and TLC, could be a really nice hotel, there were a few people not staying at this hotel the same weekend for the same reason , I was expecting a very basic room, but not what I got, be careful booking this hotel ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or5-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel with friendly staff,When i visit London i am just looking for somewhere to stow my bags and lay my head at night.   I booked the hotel well in advance and got a very reasonable rate (around £40 per night).  As a single woman i liked that it was very close to the tube and bus stations and was less than a 5 minute walk back in the evening.    I was lucky enough to be upgraded into a double room.   The room was a decent size with a very comfy bed.   The sheets were clean and crisp and clean towels were provided every day. There were cosmetic flaws in the room ie flaky paint but for the price paid i am happy to over look it.   The shower room was small but sufficient and toiletries were provided. Breakfast is provided but i am not a breakfast person so just had coffee in my room ( tea & coffee is…,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or10-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",The Best Bargain Place to Stay in London,"We (a mature Swiss/NZ couple) have stayed at the Premier West on approximately six occasions over the last 20 months (from two nights to two weeks).  We searched extensively on the Internet beforehand and could not find a better deal.     Admittedly for the reasonable rate (between 38 and 55 GBP / per night) one should not expect a prime quality accommodation.   But we believe the advantages far outweigh the blemishes found, such as  - very close to four underground lines (Hammersmith)  - big rooms, always clean sheets, towels and bathrooms - very friendly and helpful staff it they are treated nicely - a simple but well presented breakfast with a few options (3 juices, 3 hot beverages, 3 cereals etc.)  - a heater that works well in each room - quiet surroundings Additionally we…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or10-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Epitome of budget,"When you are paying £40 for a single in London you're going to get budget. The bathroom was filthy, no where to put the shower head, was just laid on the floor of the bath. Not good when you're 6'4"" like I am. No duvet, just a small sheet and a fleece blanket, which wasn't good for a December night!  You get what you pay for, and with London prices, this is budget at its best... or worst...?",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or10-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Dont understand what the fuss is all about!,"I booked this hotel for 1 double room for 1 night, last minute and stayed in room 107. I read some of the reviews after booking and was very hesitant about staying as a lot of them were very negative. However, it was wrong. It was extremely close to hammersmith underground station which was perfect for me as well as numerous shops, bars, restaurants. Upon arrival to the hotel it looked average but clean. The gentleman on the front desk was friendly and i checked in easily in a few minutes, he directed me to my room which i found easily.  The room i stayed in was clean, fresh sheets and towels and it was tidy. The TV had a rubbish signal but i wasn't in the room long enough to care to watch it and I'm sure if you fiddled around with it, it'd work eventually. The wardrobe door was…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or10-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Hell on earth. Seriously sleep in a doorway rather than this place!!,"Filthy Tatty Dangerous wiring Definitely unsafe if there was a fire Looks like a 5 year old has been doing the maintance here for a long long time.  Every bad review and every picture doesn't do justice to how bad it really is. What amazes me is that the actual building has huge potential due to the amazing location, so why its kept as a death trap is beyond me!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or10-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"Needed an inexpensive place to stay in/near Hammersmith, London and checked TripAdvisor as I always do. Many options came up, but I selected the closest and least expensive site to my place of work for one night, as I had tone there at ""stupid o'clock"" the next morning. The next closest places were much too expensive for my purposes.  In spite of the mainly negative reviews for this venue, I trusted the few almost positive contributions, and expected a basic level of accommodation - I was not disappointed as I had low expectations.  The exterior was dire, not helped by the pouring rain when I arrived at around 18:45, but the Reception Staff were pleasant and helpful. The room 206, on the first floor up some dilapidated stairs, was large and on the surface appeared to be clean.…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or15-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"We chose this place as we were going to a concert at nearby Eventim Apollo. Entrance to hotel made our hearts drop-shabby entrance, paintwork in dire need of refreshment. Reception in entrance hall with gentleman not that welcoming and speaking poor English. Filled in form as requested and given key. No offer to show us the way or to carry our bag. Told where to go- up narrow, steep stairs to 2nd floor -(no lift)carpet on stairs worn, walls scuffed with marks from cases, blind covering window seen better days. Room through narrow, badly marked wooden door with lock that looked as if someone had tried to break in at some point. Very small room, overlooking front of building (I had requested on laterooms.com booking site and also email direct to hotel a quiet room no higher than…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or15-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",The definition of disgusting!,"I booked this hotel as me and my partner wanted something cheapish and cheerful just for the night as we where visiting the London design festival! I read up on the hotel off the website and felt like it offered basic  facilities, and an on suite bathroom (which most cheap ones don't have) The hotel said it offered basic items such as a hair dryer, phone, TV, safety deposit box and wifi. Due to this I felt I was getting a good deal for £50. The hotel was far from what had been advertised, it was dirty ( there were toe nails on the floor, dead flies, and long black curly hairs everywhere- definitely were not mine!) which is revolting. The rooms are decorated badly there are screws sticking out the walls all over the place, the floor is laminate which has warped and dangerous,…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or15-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Even a good location can't save this place,"We booked this hotel for somewhere to stay after the Kate Bush concert. The location is the only good point to this hotel. The interior is dull and needs repairs, the bed is oddly low and uncomfortable, the tv doesn't work and the bathroom is dark and dingy. Not sure how this place ever got 2 stars. We lasted about 20 minutes before giving up and checking out and finding a new hotel. Don't be fooled by the price and location!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or15-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good location?,"We booked this hotel for somewhere to stay overnight after the Kate Bush concert since the location looked ideal. The location is really the only saving have.   The interior is shabby, the bed is oddly low and the bathroom really needs some work. The TV also did not work. We lasted about 20 minutes before giving up and checking into somewhere else nearby.   It is true that you get what you pay for. This place is dire.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or15-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Pictures are bad enough!,A friend had booked this 'hotel' for us for a 1 night stay but after looking through all the pictures and reviews provided i couldn't face coming here! Cancelled our room on day of arrival and got another room online at a 4* in central london for £22 more! There are other options out there! Gave 2 stars as they where polite when we cancelled at short notice. ,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or20-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",perfect location for apollo,"We booked this hotel for the location, as we were attending the kate bush concert at Hammersmith Apollo. It is basically as close as you could wish for and only took a couple of minutes walk to get to the venue. This hotel has had terrible reviews.. yes it need upgrading,and attention to detail on the furnishings but if you can look past the shabby walls etc.. it is a clean,cheap and friendly hotel with all the basics you need for an overnight stay. The sheets and towels were spotless which is most important to me. The TV didn't work and generally it needs tidying up but  overall you get what you pay for. We parked our car at the hotel for an extra £10,00 which was great and like I said,if your visiting the Apollo, then this hotel is great for location and price. Thanks to all…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or20-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good price and location...that IS all!,"Booked at short notice for a weekend, with location and price in mind. These are fine, but the hotel itself is a bit of a shocker. The room was very basic. Just old laminate flooring, a VERY low bed and an old rickety wardrobe. No tv and nowhere to sit. En suite was tatty and swower not great. Also there were padlocked wooden boxes with dodgy looking electrics in them (boxes were badly built, you could see inside!). It was clean though, and at £50 a night in central London 2 minutes from the tube, what can you expect?! If you're in London for the weekend you won't be spending much time there anyway...",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or20-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I am actually from the UK but stayed at this hotel when visiting as I now live overseas. I was travelling with my wife and baby and needed somewhere to stay for a couple of nights.  I booked this hotel a bit hastily, before I had chance to read the reviews. I tried to cancel but could not. I decided to give it a go.  We stayed in room 206 and overall were very impressed. We got a large clean room with an en suite bathroom for £55. There was also a double and single bed in the room.   Our experience was very different than some of the other reviewers. We found the staff to be quite helpful.  The breakfast was included and pretty okay. There was bread with jam, butter or cheese; cereals with fresh milk; fresh fruit; and a choice of tea, coffee and juice.  On the downside, the…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or20-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all,"Perfect location, a clean room (cleaned daily), en suite bathroom, a kettle and sugar and coffee/tea sachets in the room, free wifi, breakfast, friendly staff – what else can you wish for. The only problems were heat and traffic noise, so bring earplugs with you.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or20-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for what we needed.,The hotel was old and a bit grotty around the edges but we paid £50 for a room in central London which is really cheap!! The room was clean and the bed was quite comfy. We checked in at 12:30am and left at 8:30am. We had a good nights sleep and freshened up. Bathroom was clean but tired with cracked tiles. We didn't bother with the breakfast that was included as we were in a rush... it didnt look like anything special but I wouldnt have expected anything with what we paid. It was only 4 mins from the hammersmith tube station. Staff were very helpful and reception was 24 hours. ,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or25-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",hot hotel,"Our room is small and very hot. The tv isn't working and the toilet is very small and too hot. The stairs and the hall are very hot too. The situation is good but the travelcard day (metro + bus) is expensive. The staff are not very nice, because we don't speak English very well and they don't try to speak slowier, but they help us fastly. The breakfast continental is normal, not very quantity and variety.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or25-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not advised,"Yes the location is good but it's definitely not enough to make you want to stay here. There are other hotels in great locations and although you will probably pay more, it's worth it.  Comments made in previous reviews are all correct;  - the tv doesn't work. Reception said it's only just happened and they will have a look at it. Doesn't happen. - hairdryer doesn't work  - most of the lights don't work  - electrical wiring is extremely  suspect - holes in walls and roof - toilet seat doesn't stay up so your sitting with it pressed against your back  - moldy smell - filthy carpet - extremely humid, window can be opened but too noisy. If your room is at the front you get no air through anyway. - unclean bathroom, moldy - very small room - not good security, door nearly falling…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or25-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location,"The only advantage of this hotel is its location, less than 10 minutes walk to the nearest tube station. The staff at check in was friendly enough, and allowed me to check it 15 mintues early.  The room itself was a disappointment. It was small with old and very worn furnishing. The liminate flooring is poorly laid with huge gaps and dust in the gaps. The bathroom is not very clean with dated fittings.  The worse is it faces a very busy road. On a hot summer day, it is almost impossible to get much sleep as the window has to be opened. The noise of the traffic will keep you awake. If not, the early summer sunlight will wake you up through the thin curtain. That is if you can actually get to sleep on the bed where you can feel the springs on your back. Breakfast is nothing to…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or25-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, the rest not so much","Great location, very close to the city center and the rooms were somewhat clean. We did ask for new blankets as the ones in our rooms smelled really bad. The receptionist was friendly and helpful, we did receive the new blankets fast.The TV did not work, breakfast was very poor, toast with butter and jam, every morning, the walls were moldy, but it did do the job for 3 nights, and were pleased about the price and location. Hotels are way too expensive in London",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or25-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",So bad it's funny,"I stayed here with 2 friends last year as it was right near the venue where our party was. We turned up at reception in a big rush to get ready and no one was there for 45 minutes!!! I even walked around and knocked on some doors and had no response! When a guy eventually turned up, he barely spoke when checking us in and that was the only member of staff we saw for our entire stay.  We then went up to our room. The decor of the room was disgusting, the shower had a big sign on it saying 'do not use', and it was just dirty. There was no hairdryer either and I really needed one as we were so late already!  Luckily for us it was just a place to rest our heads and we came back later after a few drinks and found it quite funny. One of the mattresses dipped in the middle right down…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or30-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Aweful! ,"Only to be met by an unfriendly face. He didn't even bother to offer to help with our bags. Very humid. The walls were dirty. Old furniture like it was out of the 60,s. Toilet seat broken, light switch broken. I would rather pay more than to stay at this place ever again. Did not enjoy it at all. ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or30-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly stuff, clean rooms","I've been here for 4 nights, with my parents. We were totally setisfied with the place. The rooms were clean (and celaned every day), the staff was friendly, and helpful. The breakfest was good, and many things, to choose from.  Hammersmith tube station, with 4 tubes, and many shops, and restaurants is like 2 minutes walk from here. Also there are other shops, pubs, and restaurants around, within 5 minute walk.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or30-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Stink hole,"Quite often I find the reviews on here harsh and some places turn out to nice, oh no not this time. Worst place ever, when we got there to book in there was a strong smell of bleach, on return this was replaced by stench of mould and who knows what else. I don't think a refurb would help, but demolition might. On the other hand staff were lovely and apologised for a broken draw, made me chuckle, as that was the least of our worries",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or30-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Terribly disappointed,"Booked this hotel (?) as it was reasonably priced and near the Eventin theatre. As soon as I had checked in and gone to the room there was a terrible smell of mould, central TV ariel torn out and replaced with an indoor ariel (I never got a picture), one drawer missing in a set of 3, no lights near the bed, toilet seat streaky and mould in the shower. I had booked for two nights but found another hotel nearby and moved out the following morning. I tried to make a complaint to Agoda.com - who sold the room but their reply was to complain to the hotel directly - somehow I think that would have been pointless. Have taken some photos from the room. My advice - don't even consider staying here.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or30-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Omg disgusting,I'm writing this sat in the dirtiest room ever.  The hotel needs closing down.  The tv doesn't even work.  When asked they said they having problems and none work.  Might be one of the cheapest to stay but still not worth it.  The flooring is coming up and the shower is leaking and the silicone couldn't be any thicker . They just have gone over and over it. Dirty marked walls and they haven't even filled in where they have taken things off the walls.  Would like to know how they can still be open.,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or35-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Abysmal Do not stay here,"The outside of the building is an indication of what it's like on the inside, run down doesn't cover it. On entrance there is distinct smell of mould, the room well what can I say. The door is damaged & hard to open inside the floor is cracked & lifting plug & light sockets have been removed & badly patched the mirror was bearly hanging.The bathroom is a disgrace with noisy plumbing & a falling of toilet seat. I could go on & on but take my advice DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, I tried to find another hotel for us but everywhere was full :(",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or35-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional Value for Money,"We stayed here on Saturday 19th April 2014 for the Dirk Wears White Sox show by Adam Ant at Hammersmith Apollo. The hotel is within 5 mins walk from the Tube station and 5 mins from the Apollo. It is a basic hotel, but for the price and locality it is excellent value. The staff are very friendly and for breakfast it is toast, cereal and fruit. I would recommend for value for money and good locality if you are going to a gig.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or35-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Not sure about the ""Premier"" name...","The hotel is exceptionally run down with damaged room units, flaky walls with damp/mould, odd smells and non-functioning curtains. The staff tried to assist where possible, but there's not much you can do when all the rooms are of a similar poor condition. The breakfast is a self-service via a small hatch near reception with a maximum of toast, cereal and some fruit and yoghurts. This was very cheap (£50 for the room) and for our purposes was ok since minimal time was spent in the hotel - if you can spare an extra ~£30 I would advise to go and stay elsewhere. The hotel does not have parking - it is on the road only (free during weekends) but a cost at other times.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or35-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, without the charm.","Ok, so it was cheap, but then so's a tent. A hotel that advertises as such, then cannot provide a working tv, where there's mould in the shower (which could be done under the Trade Descriptions Act as it was a tepid trickle), a hole in the floor, bedside lights that don't work, a wardrobe where the door laminate is coming off, nowhere to sit (except on the blanketed bed), a dark landing where I had to use my phone to find the lock and a damp smell throughout, isn't really a hotel is it? I don't usually take any notice of negative reviews as I like to see for myself but on this occasion, please, take my word for it, I really don't think you'd like to stay here!",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or35-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,"I, like many people, were dreading staying here because of reading some of the reviews but I thought for the price it was worth trying out.  I stayed here for one night last weekend as was visiting friends in London and needed somewhere in the Hammersmith area to stay.  I was given my 'single' room which turned out to be a huge room with 3 beds in.  I went to reception to check it was correct and they said yes so all was good.  I stayed in room 106 in the basement which was pretty cold...but electric heater is provided which soon warmed the place up.  The room was clean and the beds clean with towels provided.  The beds are only a sheet and thin blanket but I had realised that from reading the reviews.  The bathroom was clean and soap and shower gel was provided which was a good…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or40-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"Let's get the positives out the way,staff were pleasant!! Now for the negative feedback, on opening our room door,it stank of strong bleach,which made my eyes water! The curtains were hanging off the window,our view was dustbins/skip full up with rubbish!! Rusty iron bars on outside of windows so couldn't open them,maybe half inch!!, next was the bathroom, shower door was hanging off,blocked sink as plug was stuck,my husband had too force it out to let the water out!! Shower was Luke warm! Loads grout plastered around shower fittings & walls!! Need I say anymore!! Kettle only worked if I held the switch down for it to boil, oh the TV had know signel,we had to balance the Ariel on our small suitcase on top of the chest of draws! Work that one out!!! One good thing,clean towels,…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or40-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",This is a Good Hotel,"This is a good hotel in a good location close to amenities such as the Hammersmith tube station and the shopping centre.   The rooms are spacious and cleaned daily. There are regular supplies of Shampoo & Conditioner gels. Also, there are regular supplies of Tea/Coffee and accompanying Sugar sachets and UHT Milk. However, the bed covers are blankets rather than Duvets so it can be cold during the cold weather, but it warms up eventually using the single heater provided as the rooms are not centrally heated. Also, it can be irksome to find bits of hair on the bed and floors.   There is full breakfast consisting of Juice, Fruits, Yogurt, Tea/Coffee, slices of Bread with a choice of spreads, Cereals. The men at reception provide pleasant service.   Overall, good value for money,…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or40-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Underwhelming,"Well, the saying is - you get what you pay for and with this hotel it's true. As students we were just visiting the national archives for research and don't have the biggest budget for accommodation so we weren't expecting much but this has to be the worst establishment we've stayed in. The staff were friendly enough but the quality of the rooms were very poor. The draws had no handles, the beds had blankets rather than duvets, there was an unpleasant lingering smell throughout our stay and the bathroom was barely tolerable as the shower had a broken fixture so was handheld and the toilet had masking tape around it.The only redeeming feature about the hotel was it's practicality for location, but I doubt I'd stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or40-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Expected very basic - but a bug in the shower?!,"We took into account, and accepted, all the 'poor' or 'terrible'reviews as what do you expect for cheapest of the cheap places to stay in a good location for the theatres - but what we didn't expect was to find a moving larvae coming out of the damp, mouldy shower base. It made us feel quite ill having already showered. We stayed only one night and this was in the morning following arriving late as a place just to crash out. We could put up with the lack of heating (small plug in radiator), the poor decor and general state of the room, the damp smells, the lack of adequate bedding, the dodgy looking electrics, and most of the other things that recent reviews have commented on but, a bug in the shower - no way! I'm sorry but this was a step too far and surely also by most…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or40-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - you get what you pay for!,"Despite reading the negative reviews I decided to take a chance & booked.  Can't fault the location & I wonder at times what people expect for £34 for a double room in central London, just minutes from Hammersmith Tube Station. The guys on reception were pleasant when checking in & out unlike what some have said. Perhaps it's luck of the draw with rooms - I can only talk about ours on the second floor. The bathroom was clean,  the shower had to be hand-held & the bedding clean but again as some have said we could have done with another blanket. The television didn't work but I wasn't surprised by that after reading previous reviews but the kettle did which was more important to me! Basic breakfast but adequate for me - cereals, yoghurt, fruit, cheese, tea, coffee & toast served…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or45-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Having read the previous reviews, my expectations were not too high, therefore I was not surprised to see that the TV in the room was not working or the cold water tap was stuck. Very thin walls, I could hear very well what the people next door were chatting about. Clean room otherwise, the bed was fine.   Hotel all right to stay in if you are not fussy at all and if you are only looking for a place to sleep. I think this hotel is meant for people on a tight budget.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or45-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - shame about the rest...,"I stayed at this hotel with a friend who booked it for a one night stay over in London. This hotel has two things going for it - the price and the location. It's literally 3 minutes walk from Hammersmith underground which will easily get you to many popular tourist areas like Piccadilly, Oxford Street and the West End and is well linked to all other underground lines. The second plus is the price. We paid £55 for a twin room and you will really struggle to get anything with this good of a location for this kind of price. Unfortunately that is where the good points end. The hotel is extremely run down, smells like public toilets and is generally a mess. Our room was an ok size but nothing worked. The shower was broke so had to be handheld and took about 10 minutes to get hot…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or45-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",worst place i have stayed,"We arrived at this place not a good impression from the outside old cars covered over an unkept appearence , walked through door to a really nasty smell, went to book in and the man at reception asked for my booking as he did this he burped in my face but didnt even acknoledge he had done so was told our room was on the first floor walking to room the whole place smelt of mould and damp i had to hold my breadth to walk to room once in room you could feel the damp,bathroom - no shower working,bday had a big hole and jagged to touch toilet would only flush after about 15 minutes decoration in bathroom was awful dirty and flaky paintwork bedroom- carpet was filthy black marks everywhere tv an old fashion one that wouldnt work bedclothes were clean but were damp kettle had to use on…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or45-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good for overnight stay,"Stayed overnight for new year's eve, good hotel for a short trip, as its very close to Hammersmith station. The earlier comment rather too harsh, so not much expectation for this visit. but the reception are pretty unfriendly though, we had guest coming and they were advising us that only 2 people allowed in the room, perhaps should ask visitor differently? is not that we don't know the rules and regulations.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or45-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Just ok hotel,"The en-suite is clean, and towels supplied. There is a TV in the room BUT not working. Regular supply of Shampoo and Soap. The shower has good regulation of hot & cold water.  Breakfast is a mixture of fruits, yogurt, juice, cereal and toast. They also serve coffee and tea. This is served downstairs in the breakfast hall, but it was a bit congested with few tables only.  The radiator in our bedroom seemed to be not working but there was a heater which I could switch on and off according to my needs. Good point is that it is well-situated for access to buses and Hammersmith train station.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or50-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good options for students and short period!,"I´ve been in this hotel during 2 nights last october, so I´ve to say that I don´t have any complain. If you are looking for a place cheap to stay and clean, it´s a good option! The building is old, there is some facade problems but I had a clean and confortable bed, also hot water for shower. It´s well located, near to the underground and places to eat! Good option for students who wants to visit London! I don´t think you may find something with same price! It´s cheap and a bit better than a hostel!",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or50-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Smelly disgusting hotel with rude front office staff,"I bought a stay at this hotel on the third week of September through a website, not realizing how fake the photos can be. First I was greeted with a solemn looking Asia Asian staff who was obviously far from familiar with British etiquette.  Then I noticed the horrid dank smell of fungal, infected furnishing. And it was even worse at the 2nd floor room I was given which had a view to two huge waste bins below. Worse to come, I had only ice cold shower working and the hot shower was only fixed on the fourth day of my five days of wasteful stay. Same inaction on the bathroom sink that got clogged every two seconds the faucet was turned on.  This stay in London certainly gave me a bad first impression of cleanliness standard in UK, which luckily didn't last long after I stayed at…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or50-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Glorified BNB,Ok let me start by saying yes the location is amazing that's the only thing they have going for them.  If your looking for something dirt cheap and you only want to sleep in it this is it.  But even when you sleep it's absolutely rubbish the blanket is so thin and I found myself wrapping myself up with my own clothes.  The toilets are filthy and disgusting.  I'm sorry to say this but I know it's a 1/2 star BUT seriously all you need is decent painting and cleaning (I mean get scrubbing) and my god the corridors make you feel suffocated and stuffy. The breakfast is straight forward it's not cooked but I decided not to go down for breakfast as there wasn't much choice and looking at how filthy everything else was I rather not eat there.  People that are writing 4/5 star I dread to…,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or50-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, ok hotel","Spacious room, comfy bed with 4 pillows. Room came with all the usual things - towels, tea and coffee, toiletries. Had everything we needed - even a fridge and microwave! Bed only had a thin blanket - no duvet - but it was very hot in there so not needed (even though the window didn't shut properly). TV only had itv and channel 4 - no BBC. Bathroom needed some work - toilet had seen better days, door didn't shut properly, didn't test the shower but it looked ok.  Was very noisy at night - other guests in the hotel got in late and stayed up late, nextdoor were noisy and people outside were noisy - take earplugs! Breakfast was basic but ok - yoghurts, oranges/apples and cornflakes. 4 slices of toast were put on our table 5 minutes after we sat down (with a selection of jams…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or50-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant surprise!,"After reading some of the appalling reviews I feared the worst but I think some people have completely unrealistic expectations considering the price. I stayed in a triple room with my sister and elderly mother. It was clean and comfortable, the shower was great, the breakfast more than adequate and the staff friendly and helpful. The decor is irrelevant. Very good value for such a great location and would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or55-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not much Premier here.,"When you book a £60 hotel in Central London for a Saturday night you expect a general standard of quality, not too much for the low price but a general standard. This hotel regularly fell down in this aspect. Upon arrival the staff were friendly and welcoming enough, we were shown to our room which was downstairs. On first looks it seems good. A clean double bed, with a sink, cooker and fridge isn't too bad. However it was on take full advantage of the room when the first problems occurred. Firstly the TV worked but only after moving the attached indoor aerial around, plugs looked quite dangerous, the curtains didn't shut probably and we unfortunately could often see the view of the outside bins (lovely). Then worse of all the sink was blocked with hair and the moldy shower…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or55-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for :),"We booked this hotel for one night as we wanted to see a show in the Apollo and it was very close by. On arrival I was told my room had been upgraded to a quad having booked only a double. Plus points: the room was spacious and clean with immaculately clean bedding and towels, the bathroom was very clean, the staff were friendly and it is extremely close to the tube, the shops and of course the Apollo. Minus points: there was an unpleasant smell in the hallways and the tv didn't work. Neither of which would have deterred me from staying there. In summary, the hotel is dated and has some issues but what can you expect for £60 a night with breakfast included? Some of these reviews are laughable- you won't get absolute luxury at that price.I thought it was fab value and perfect for…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or55-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Premier West Hotel - Stay Away,"The hotel is NOT part of the nice Premier Inn chain, we thought it was. It smelled of bleach & urine and was very dirty. The room was so small we couldn't open the door to the WC fully. The WC featured MOULD.  We were afraid to open our suitcases for the two night stay.  It caters to students and illegals. Do NOT ever stay there.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or55-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","It could pass for ""suitable"", if not for the staff","I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend and my sister for three nights and none of us left really happy with the service. The room was not as bad as you would think. It was spacious enough, the beds were made, it was more-or-less cleaned and everything, except for the TV, was working. Our complaint goes out for the staff that received us.  We arrived at 4am, tired from our journey and from walking and were received in the worst possible way by a receptionist who almost seemed annoyed at the fact that we were there. Without even taking a look at the sheet of paper with all reservation details, he suddenly burst out very rudely that our reservation had been cancelled. After we asked why, he finally took a look at the paper and didn't mention this astonishing piece of information…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or55-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel Not Bad...,"I booked this hotel because I am working with US Dollars and the Pounds per Dollar is ridiculous and the price for hotels in London are outrageous.  I wanted to maximize my spending money in London so I booked this hotel.  It was the cheapest hotel I found that wasn't a Hostel.  I reuse to sleep in a hostel, I like to sleep comfortable and private.    Ok so the Hotel... It was definitely not a 5 star hotel, but it was in a perfect location.  I was 1 block from the Hammersmith train station and the bus stop was right in front of the hotel.  The people at the front desk were friendly and professional.  My room was room 103 on the first floor, and I actually liked my room, it had Victorian style molding and details, hard wood floor, and three windows where I could look out and see…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or60-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, average hotel","I got to London after an over-seas 23 hour trip, so I was tired. I went to the hotel and my room wasn't ready, so I was given a smaller but available room temporarily. The room was very small but all I needed was a quick snooze, so I'd get my own room the next day. It was okay.  Wi-fi was average, but reception on the top level rooms wasn't as good.  Breakfast was good although limited. Possibly because I'm used to latinamerican breakfast level standards. Good coffee and tea, though.  The staff was really friendly, when they were there. A couple of times they were hard to find but would always be eager to help. One even lent me a converter from american type sockets to british sockets (meaning electrical).  I went in the summer and London was excessively hot. I'm not sure if my…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or60-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for Money,"The en-suite is clean, bed made daily and towels changed. There is a TV in the room. Regular supply of Shampoo and Soap. The shower has good regulation of hot & cold water.  Breakfast is good with a mixture of fruits, yogurt, juice, cereal and toast. They also serve coffee and tea. This is served downstairs in the breakfast hall, where there are clean tables.  There may be a bit of a wait at reception for collecting your key after you have been out waiting for somebody to return to reception. The men are very nice who check you in, and, give you your key and hand them back in again. The radiator in my bedroom did not work and they supplied me a heater which I could switch on and off according to my needs.   Good hotel. I would go there again.  It is well-situated for access to…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or60-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",jo,the hotel needs total renovation. upon arrival we noticed that the hallway stank (amoniac smell) and the room was dirty. the window could not be closed so we endured the traffic noise the whole night. the floor was dirty. the flush to the toilet was very slow. even if they offer me a free night next time i will never accept such offer. had a sleepless night.,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or60-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",good for price,"I stayed for one night and I found the staff friendly, the room was clean and had everything I needed. Yes it could do with updating but then you wouldn't be able to stay for the current price especially its location",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or60-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"Very much in need of re-furbishment.  Rooms are small and very hot, tv didn't work and on the second day there was no hot water for a shower.  Staff extremely rude and you have to pay £10 a day to park in the car park if there is space.  Location ok but would not stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or65-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful experience, avoid at all costs.","Me and my girlfriend wanted a few days away in London. We found this budget hotel and liked the sound of it. However there were numerous problems we faced in just the two nights we stayed here. We got our key and found our room, but the locks were broken so we had to have another room, these are the following problems we faced in the 3 days we were there; lumpy milk, bathroom smelt like ammonia, wardrobe stunk of body odour, curtain pole fell on my girlfriend when opening the curtains, light fitting falling off the wall, draws where broken, tiny room with hardly any room to move, mirror light in the bathroom was broken and the tv and remotes were broken. The rooms are constantly very hot and the window was broken therefore we couldn't have any cold breeze or fresh air and they…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or65-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely helpful staff,"Stayed here for 5 nights and although the place looks little bit rundown from the outside, it is clean and definitely worth its price in such a central and safe location (2 mins walk from Hammersmith underground station). I have to comment on extremely helpful staff (every and each one - especially at the reception), who went out of their way to assist me with any questions/help I needed. Thanks again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or65-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend at all.,"Stayed here for 2 nights. Pictures are nothing like the actual hotel. Very rundown from the outside with broken steps on the way in and washing hanging out the front and a covered up car by the front door.   Once we got to our room on the 2nd floor (no lift) and after walking passed what can only be described as an old musty smelling corridor we were more than disappointed by it.   There was no hot water in the shower, the television didn't work and the sockets by the bed didn't work either. There was no air conditioning and the room was extremely hot no air and the only ventilation was a little window that barely opened.   We went to reception to ask for a fan, they said the don't provide them even though there was one behind reception being used by the staff. I then asked for…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or65-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not at all bad for the price...,"I stayed here for one night. I'm the kind of person who only really requires a clean bed and a decent shower...and got both of these for a knock-down price.was not really bothered by the cheapo furniture etc. The hotel is convenient for the Hammersmith area. My only gripe was that the window would not open properly (rm 110) and was wedged open a couple of inches with a toilet roll. Having been in the sun all day, the room was very, very, very hot which made sleep almost impossible (and I'm from Kenya). ",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or65-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good for this value of money,"We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and I can say it was ok. Without any excitement, just ok. The room (201) was clean but not freshly renovated. Each day it was cleaned and we had fresh bath towels. After reading all the reviews we didn't expect much so we were not dissapointed. Or those who expect high standards for this price it won't be enough for sure!   Breakfast was continental - corn flakes, fruits, toasts, cheese, jam and honey. You could eat as much as you could manage :)   The surrounding is nice, many shops, restaurants and pubs. You can find 3 tube lines in about 100 m that go to the city centre.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or70-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,Very good location just few minutes from tube station. Rooms are spacious with nice bathroom. Hotel is really cheap for London standard and value you get is pretty good. Reccomended for budget travellers.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or70-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good value hotel in Hammersmith,"My partner and I stayed here for a night. The hotel is very close to tube stations and it was easy to find. We had room 209 which was ok. The building and the room could do with a refurbishment and updating. We read the reviews before our visit which weren't very good  and they have made us feel very uneasy (ie bedbug, cockroach problem etc) I must say the hotel was much better than what we expected. This hotel offers good value for money. Breakfast was nice, had everything what you would expect for continental breakfast. The staff were helpful, they let us check in earlier and the next day we were able to leave our bag in a locked room with them until our departure in that evening. All in all pleasant experience.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or70-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Great value - nice stay,"We stayed here based on a 'Late Rooms' search of affordable hotels near the Royal Albert Hall (4 tube stops away), for a gig. Needless to say there's not a lot in the vacinity that's very affordable. This hotel is under 3 minutes walk from the Hammersmith tube stop and really easy to find. It's also really close to a number of pubs and cafes for something to eat (the Hop Poles pub do great burgers) and Hammersmith High Street.  The staff let us check in early and we had room 111. We were surprised to find a little kitchenette in there with a fridge, microwave, tea and coffee making facilities and a hob! The fridge was handy and the ensuite was clean with a good strong shower (we had to run the hot tap while running the shower to get the hot water to come through, then turn off…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or70-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Great shower... But that's the only great thing about it!,"You truely get what you pay for and It's mega cheap! The room was grotty with lots of damaged plugs, lights hanging off & dirty sheets. The view from the window was to a pile of rubbish. Breakfast was very basic. This hotel served a need, but was nothing more. For the price don't expect much ! You will not be disappointed!",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or70-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!!!,We checked in here last Wednesday for a single night stay.  I have never before seen accomodation this bad.  We had 2 rooms and they were both un-inhabitable.  I reported to the management and we were given keys for 2 more rooms were in actual fact worse.I refused to stay in these rooms and advised the management that there had clearly been a misrepresentation of what they were offering as the pictures displayed on laterooms.com in no way represented the 4 rooms which we had viewed.  The response I received was that this was the fault of laterooms as they had not updated the pictures since the hotel had supplied them some time before.  Getting what you pay for is one thing but what I paid for was what was displayed on laterooms website and certainly not what I found here.,Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or75-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Cant complain for the price,After reading the reviews we were dreading our stay!!! My daughter and I have just got back from a 2 night stay. We found all the staff where very pleasant and helpful. We had room 208 which was in need of updating but it was clean and comfortable. We thought the breakfast was more than adequate to set you up for the day.  Good basic accommodation. You get what you pay for!!!,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or75-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Awful,"I used this hotel a number of times in 2012 for 1 or 2 night stays. In fact, weekly for a few months as it is convenient and the cheapest in the area and I need to get into Hammersmith 2 days a week for work. The hotel in itself however is absolutely awful, TVs never work, windows dont close, breakfast is disgusting. But for me it would be in at 10pm, out at 7am, so shower and sleep. Till a couple of months ago, the receptionist told me I had to move my car by 9am as the hotel's van was coming and needed the space. I had paid for the overnight parking at £10 and this was unacceptable. When I said this isn't the way to treat a weekly client, their answer was that they have weekly clients now, and they had priority over parking. Awful customer service and would not reccomend. I…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or75-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",My second review in 2 years - Nothing has changed.,"In February 2011 I wrote a review which I have copied below. Nothing has changed apart from the fact that I am now 55!. My message is simple. If you want (a) a great location, (b) a very low price for staying in London, and (c) just want somewhere to rest your head, then this MAY be for you.   A person's opinion is just that. That is why you get such a different range of views on this particular hotel. This is far from being The Ritz, but I refer you to my comments above and my 2011 review below. I still continue to stay here, and have even done so twice in the last month. A few weeks back I stayed with a pal. It was his first time here, he had read the reviews, and was filled with trepidation. By the morning he had agreed that it met his requirements for a,b,c above.  It might…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or75-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",It was OK! Very Basic,"The room was small but clean and a heater provided as the radiator didnt work, we were kept warm enough with that.The breakfast was OK but we chose a Mcdonalds brekkie over theirs Apart from a very noisy crowd the first night we quite enjoyed our stay here and the time in London. This hotel is ideally located with two tube stations up the road and loadsss of shops! The room was cleaned every day and the towels replenished every day. I had read the reviews before booking so kinda knew what to expect although I would not recommend this hotel to anyone i know as i know they would not like it. For us it was OK , we hardly spent any time there though only to sleep really.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or75-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",very basic,"the rad in the room did not work so they gave us a heater which was grand ,the rad in my sister in laws room was pipeing hot all the time she had try and sleep with window open but then it was traffic noise this hotel is very shabby and needs big money spent on it to come up to standerd there was a lot of small things wrong to many to list but if they put the money into it they could easily charge a lot more for the rooms as the location is perfect has everthing on its doorstep.  paul  from ireland.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or80-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",One step down from a cardboard box !!!!,"Working in the area and only put up with this place until we found somewhere that treated us like humans.This 'Hotel' wouldn't look out of place in downtown Beirut !  The fool on reception thought we were there to keep him happy,blithering idiot.Rooms were apalling with holes in bathroom floors and no shower screens.Getting a room with a functional light and a radiator that worked was a lottery. What was particularly pleasant was waking one morning after having been visited by mr bed bug and his extended family ! I was absolutely covered in bites that were extremely uncomfortable,in answer to my complaint all I received was a shrug of the shoulders and a manager who appeared to have forgotten how to speak English !  Do yourself a favour and give this place a very wide berth !",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or80-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",My worst hotel experience ever!!!,"We stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks, the bedsheets were never changed for the whole 2 weeks!!! The beds were squeaky and made so much noise. My towel was taken away and was never found! My colleague shopped for his son and put d items in a bag, when we got back from class the next day, he could not find the bag! We raced to d receptionist who told us to check d refuse dump. We did and saw the bag in d dump, thankfully, everything was intact. The shower is handheld, the lightbulbs started dying out one by one when we came in and by the time we checked out, there was only one bulb working, out of 12 light bulbs! The TV did not work for the whole time we stayed there! The breakfast was the same everyday and consisted of only 2 slices of very dry bread, a cup of tea, and corkflakes…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or80-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"What do people expect for that price?.i enjoyed my stay and feel I got what I paid for.staff were pleasant.breakfast was as much as I would have at home,and breakfast staff  were efficient.considering it was winter the room was warm.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or80-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",False advertising.,"I'll start by saying, at least you made it to tripadvisor to check first, I so very much wish that I had done the same, please heed the reviews here.  This is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in in my entire life.   We booked via Olotels.com and the information on the website informed us that the hotel had a SECURE Car Park which could be used for a fee of £10 per night.  I figured this was a fair price to pay for knowing my car was safe and secure.  We arrived at the hotel and pulled on to the driveway in front of it. I pulled into an empty spot blocking nobody, and left the car there while we went inside, assuming I would be directed to their secure area.  I wasn't. They don't have one.  It's a big fat lie.   The 'secure' car park is actually their driveway, which is not gated…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or80-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",not as described,"We were charged £10 to park the car although this was not clear from website, Room very sparse although clean not comfortable the bed was almost on the floor. We thought within easy travelling distance to West End shows but over 4m ",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or85-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"The pictures you can see on here from recent people staying is not exaggerating the extend of some of the hotel's issues.  It is cheap and you get what you paid for - this was booked for me by my work and I have moaned for 3 x days about the lack of sleep I have been able to get. There was damp on the walls and ceiling, the curtains were wafer thin, the bed was 2 x mattresses on top of each other, the kettle didn't work and the TV didn't either. The bedding was an old army blanket (which was stained) and 2 x sheets which were dirty.   Would never choose or advise to stay there.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or85-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible, horrible, horrible!","This place is shocking! Please don't waste your money! Be warned its horrendous! The bed sheets were stained, the bath is a sink, the shower has no shower curtain and no hot water, the toilet doesn't flush, the tv was broken, the tv cabinet fell off the wall, the drawer on the dressing room table just doesn't exist and the service is shocking! Greeted the receptionist and he just looked away! Not worth £1!!!! ",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or85-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for my needs,What is all this nonsense and vendetta about the Premier. I booked online in room 207 for Fri14 Sept for one over night while seeing Beirut at The Hammersmith Apollo. The welcome was warm and friendly the room was clean and tidy. The bed linen was crisp and clean white sheets on a very comfortable queen size bed with a chenille cover. Immaculate whites towels and a collection of toiletries and the shower was perfect as was all the bathroom. Didn't use the tea and coffee facilities although available and missed breakfast by lingering too long in the comfortable bed and cutting it a bit fine to get my train back to Devon. All the residents appeared to be happy. The convenience of the position of the hotel couldn't be better. I felt embraced not only by the good will of the hotel…,Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or85-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Only as a last resort and even then I'd think twice.,"My lovely boss decided to book me in this place (as all bosses thinking of money, and you probabally won't get cheaper in this part of London) No hot water, tv broken , squeaky beds and drunken clientele walking in early evening obviously after probabally been in pub all day. Definitely not for me.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or85-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",noisey doors slamming,"I stayed in this hotel, It was shabby with awful decor and a sink that only had scorching hot water or freenzing cold,  theyre was a lot of noise in the hotel slamming of doors people talking even after 3:30 am in the morning.  Reported it to the Manager who refused to give me any of my money back. I wouldnt stay here again even if it was free",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or90-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad really,"Last minute booking and the only room left in the location needed at a reasonable price. Almost didn't book when I saw the reviews though, and was expecting the worst. Glad I went ahead though as this extremely reasonably priced room was well located near the tube, the staff were friendly, the room was well sized for London, and everything was very clean and tidy. Only small problem was a slow draining sink. This is what I need from a hotel, anything else is a bonus.  Was surprised to also find a stove top, microwave and fridge in the room too.  I can see why some people with a certain sort of expectation have been disappointed, as the decor is a bit tired and some red wine stains on the counter top, old large CRT TV with hard to adjust aerial and digi-box configuration, plus a…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or90-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",what do you expect for your money?,"short & sweet this review;   good points: what do you want for £55 night in central London?  the actual room size was massive - our twin rooms had a double & a single, and had georgian high ceilings. Its a two minute walk from Hammersmith, and obviously a tube ride away from the city centre.  bad points: wall shower was broken, and the trickle that came through the replacement one attached to the bath taps was comically poor. The hallways (no lifts were obvious) were shabbily decorated - a lick of paint would improve this 100% trying to charge £10 to park outside the hotel, was dreadful. there is on-street parking around the hotel if you are lucky.  In honesty, if im working in London, and on a budget, i would probably stay again. I just would search for other hotels first...",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or90-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Gutting,"I was excited at finding a cheap hotel, but sadly misjudged it badly - you get what you pay for. As soon as we got in the room, the bed collapsed when I sat on it. The boards underneath the mattress were not fixed or the correct size. We fixed it 3 times ourself, but every time I turned over in bed; it just kept on collapsing, totalling 7 boards, amazing. When I gave reception grief at 2am they did not even offer us another room. They finally did the next day, but would only give me 50% off of the room! Atrocious. Also the shower would not get even lukewarm, the corridor lights did not work, and neither did the TV. Also there were damp stains on the ceiling. Breakfast was very minimalist too.... Just appalling on all levels. They even write your credit card details down, how bad…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or90-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"We where looking for buget accomodation but this was beyond a joke. We had asked for a triple room..... 3 single beds. What we got was a double and one single, which meant I had to share a bed with a friend. Upon arrival we met a young man with very little english, so trying to complain about not having the correct booking was pointless. The room was large but not very clean.. On the 1st night we left keys with reception as myself and friend where going to bed but our other friend was out, only to find out from my friend that the key was left on the- counter, no receptionist, anyone could have taken the key and walked into our room. Also found a dirty pair of socks in our bed so looks likes the beds hadnt even been changed. Was a disgusting hotel and I would advise not to stay…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or90-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",'Crappy' doesn't really cover it.,"We stayed in this hotel 27th - 30th April; upon arriving, we immediately wished we'd only booked into it for the one night.  The outside of the building is a building site, with red tape everywhere, and was overall just really shady looking. Upon entering the ""hotel"" we noticed a strange smell, which I could only describe as what you'd expect an old people's home to smell like.   My father had rang ahead and already paid for the hotel for us, but when we went to collect the keys from the front desk, the man informed us it hadn't been paid for. This meant I had to ring my dad at 1AM, only to find out he HAD paid for it, but the guy on the desk had failed to look properly.  We finally got our key and got up to our room - number 225. The room was cold, the wardrobe was falling…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or95-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",an appalling place to rest your head,"We had the misfortune of staying at this hotel at the beginning of April. The reception area is fairly reasonable and did not adequately prepare for the room in the basement that they had lined up for us. Opening the door, the smell immediately hit us: it was damp. They had opened the window but that didn't dissipate the mustiness in the air. The wall on the far left hand side was peeling with damp from top to bottom. Dust particles lay heavy in the air. The bathroom hummed all night and the shower looked so filthy, we gave it a wide berth. Health and safety need to check this hotel out - I would think it would be dangerous for anyone with breathing difficulties.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or95-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",People need to stop moaning.,"I stayed here last night for one night only, In my opinion I didn't see what people were complaining about, the place was rather shabby was some minor cosmetic problems, but for the price that was completely to be expected, in an ideal setting 3mins walk from the Tube with adequate bars and resteraunt's in the area, we were greeted in a polite fashion and were helped with any inquiries we had. Could do with a clear make over and renovation but overall I enjoyed my stay, especially for such a affordable price for London.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or95-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"me and two friends were in london for a concert at wembley arena and, having read the reviews on here, were dreading arriving at the hotel but were pleasantly surprised when we did. the staff in reception were polite and helpful and the room was basic and old-fashioned but very clean and had everything you'd need including clean towels, soap, shampoo etc, a kettle for tea & coffee and a wardrobe with plenty of coathangers, it even had a hairdryer. admittedly there were some downsides and it definitely wasn't luxury accommodation: the tv had two channels and these were very fuzzy, the beds didn't have duvets, only thin sheets (however after the concert this turned out to be a blessing in disguise) and the shower wasn't very good, but you get what you pay for and this cost us £37…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or95-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not for the faint hearted!!,"I stayed here at short notice when I won tickets to a gig but did not want to fork out loads of money to stay in zone 1. I think we paid about £35 for the night so I knew the hotel was going to be basic and wasn't expecting a lot. I was right not to expect much because the place is pretty grim and I didn't sleep a wink all night! The foyer is horrible, the stairs and hallways are horrible and the rooms are shabby but ok if you are not at all fussy or squeamish about dirt and mould. Oh and the window didn't shut either.  I wasn't necessarily disappointed - I think I just over estimated my ability to deal with the grime factor. Think Eddie and Richie's bedsit in the series 'Bottom' !! We skipped breakfast as I was too scared to even think about it!  One thing though - as our gig…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or95-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly adequate for the price,"Clean room, decent bathroom, good shower, wifi in lobby, ok breakfast. For 30 quid a night this is good value overall. 3 min walk to the tube.  Was worried after reading the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised to be honest. In London for a conference so the location was perfect for the tube. The staff were very friendly.  I will definitely be back. If your looking for a place to sleep in London this place is perfect. ",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or100-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Okay, for the price","I wasn't expecting the Earth for the price I paid.  The hotel is somewhere to sleep and, for the price that I paid, I can't really complain about the hotel or the service.  The rooms are quite shabby, with holes in walls, loose shelves in the bathroom etc.  It is clean, and functional, and the staff are friendly and helpful, but if you are looking for something more than just somewhere to sleep, there are better hotels for just a little more.  I was a bit wary when my credit card details where copied onto an authorisation form which was then faxed somewhere else to be processed, however I had no issues.  Car parking was available, for a charge, however there is on street parking which is free at weekends.  Overall, you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or100-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",everthing fine,"Stayed there on News Years Eve a bargain for £60 for a twin plus breakfast.Room was clean and quite modern in décor,plenty of hot water for a shower in the morning.Staff were friendly,when asked for photo I.D. explained I did not carry any that was fine.Excellence location for Hammersmith Apollo,minutes away.Overall value for money in a good location..",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or100-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!,"I took my husband to a gig at the Hammersmith Apollo and wanted a reasonably priced hotel within walking distance to the venue. I found the hotel on Late Rooms and at £60 it was the closest and best priced hotel I could find. I now wish that I had looked for a little longer...  We checked in just after 2pm and we were greeted by the receptionist who took a copy of my driving license and wrote all my banks details down. He gave us our room key -111- and told us that we had to leave our room key on reception whenever we left the hotel. The room was very basic - only one pillow each, no duvet (just a thin sheet which doesnt keep you warm in November!), no signal on the tv. The shower head was just hanging down, there was no fitting to hold it to the wall - this resulted in my…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or100-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","worst hotel ever, absoloutly filthy it should be closed down","dont bother even calling to see if they have availability, this has ben the worst hotel i have ever slept in, in 15 years of been a tradesman working away from home.  initialy booked 2 nights via visa,it was late at night and we were struggling to find a room.   on entering the building the laminate floor was filthy, we gave them the benefit of doubt and went to the room!!   Tv didnt work, neither did the toilet flush, the boxing on the toilet was held together with parsel tape and the wood was disintagrating with what i guess was urine. carpet was full of cig burns and dirty. went to complain to the receptionist, he started to talk asian to his ""friend"" then they both started to laugh as us, and said the tv will be fixed in 2 weeks!! we was staying 2 nights..  10 matress`s…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or100-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"When we arrived the gentleman photocopied my fiance's drivig lisence and noted his card details down, we had room 216 and it is the most disgusting room we have ever stayed in. The floors were disgusting. The skirting was manky, the room was no bigger than tthe double bed, our window had a huge crack on it and didnt lock! Did not stay for breakfast, checked out at 7.30 the next morning",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or105-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",no problems at all.,"Friend and I stayed over whilst going to the Hammersmith Apollo, we stayed 2 nights in total.Yep, it may look a little old and tired in places, but we couldnt complain for what we paid for the 2 nights and at the end of the day it was only used as a base.  Lots to do and see just 2 mins away from it. We found the staff to be friendly, our room was clean, only downside was lack of pillows, but they were more than happy to provide us with more. Continental breakfast was ample, tea toast, cereal, fruit.  Would definitely stay again .   Lets face it, if you want 5*+ then you need to be paying prices in relation to it.  Not bad at all this place.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or105-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Nice cheap hotel well located.,"Really nice place, service was really good when me and my partner arrived we got put into a room whilst the paint was drying in the room we booked, when we arrived our bags were already in our new room, we were in the room for a few hours when the bed broke which didn't bother us too much as when we told the guy he said he would take a look in the morning which was not an issue, the down stairs front rooms are noisy as there is a main road out front, but its not to bad, when speaking to the guy in the morning he said if we pack our stuff he would move us to a new room and he did explain why the bed broke ( basically a honeymoon couple were a little rough with it lol) when we got back the hotel room 115 it was an even nicer room than the one before so it was great nice shower and…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or105-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",What's all the fuss about,"It was only £55 for three of us and very convenient for Hammersmith Apollo.  The room, bedding and towels were clean and the breakfast was fine.  The staff were friendly.  I'd stay again in similar circumstances - it's so cheap I can ignore any niggles.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or105-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID!!!,"The place is tired beyond belief. The mattress may once have had some padding over the springs, but not any more. The disinfectant smell was overcome by the smell of charring wood from the broken bedside light burning the headboard. We left very early. It should be closed down.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or105-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Stinking stig of a dump!!!,"This hotel is a stinking disgrace total waste of money!! we arrived and reception told us i had to leave my car keys with them as its policy and incase he needed to move my car, the stairways were smelly and black scuff marks all over the place toilet would not flush nails were sticking out the bath sockets hanging off the wall the wardrobe was like the leaning tower of pisa there was a big chunk out the floor curtains held up by 2 hooks beds were minging full of stains springs dug in out backs. totally needs closing down and doing up big time",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or110-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",awful never going back,"never been to london before, we were going to a concert so booked this hotel. when we arrived we couldnt get in our room until we had stpped over 2 bin bags of smelling rubbish, and the whole carpet coverd in bit of crap. in the room our door had holes filled with polyfiller, by our pillows on the bed the lights switches were hanging out the wall very dangerous! there were nails sticking out the side of the bath, the curtains were hanging off fully, we had crusty stains on our top sheet and also had fag burns in it, there were no smoke alarms in the room, the wardrobe was tilting very badly so we didnt touch it the hairdryer in the room didnt work, neither did the shower, we had to wash our hair under the tap, and we had huge chunks missing out the floor. our bed actually has…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or110-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Watch your belongings!!,"I am never staying in this place again!! I left a bag in the luggage room, came back to get it and it was gone! All that was left there were my undies. Not impressed, I lost around 300pounds worth of clothes, etc. All the manager could say was sorry and he had no idea how this could happen. This place is a dump, I would not recommend it to anybody, the staff are so untrustworthy. So in the end I lost more money than what I saved staying in a sh**t hole!",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or110-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",like staying in pigsty!,"hotel is as bad as everyone says..a disgrace..room riddled with damp..t.v didnt work.. The ceiling full of cracks and ready for falling down..shower didnt work and constantly dripped..furniture broken, bare wires exposed and a job to actually open the door as lock was sticky..but worst thing was the big window in our room which was badly cracked and held together by tape, and had no locks..the balcony was covered in fag ends and broken glass..the whole decor was poor beyond belief..i can honestly say i have never stayed in poorer accommodation, and actually intend to report hotel to local council AND demand a refund from company i booked it with",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or110-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Definately not recommended!,"First impressions pretty much sum this hotel up - tatty, rundown, and smelly!  The whole hotel is in dire need of a spruce up (or better still - a complete refurbishment!).  The entrance hall is grotty and the ""dining"" area is foisty. The rooms are very small with a kettle that you have to boil on the floor and a television that you can't get a proper picture on.  Our bathroom was mouldy with paint flaking off the walls and ceiling.  The window to the room couldn't be shut as it had no handles and the bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever slept on - with the inner springs poking through to the top!  We found buying a mattress topper was the only option to get any sleep on our second night! On a plus side, the staff were friendly enough, the sheets were clean and the…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or110-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",A hell hole...!!!,"A dump,a dive and a flea pit. Dirty towels ,no hot water in the showers. It is cheap for a reason. Only stay here if you cant find a hedge bottom. Truly awefull!!!",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or115-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely one to avoid (like the plague),"The room was small and the heating was on throughout the hotel even though the external temperature was 29C when I arrived. There was no sink plug, but there was mould on the shower ceiling and the shower failed to empty properly. The wardrobe had a spare cover for the bed in it that looked like it had been stolen from a vagrant and it stank. Terrestrial television only. The breakfast was described as 'continental'. Not from any continent I know: few bits of mousetrap cheese in a bowl, white toast only, cheap tea (remove your own teabag) or Nescafe in a catering size value tin, surly person dishing up the toast behind the bar, Coco Pops and discount cornflakes. Absolutely dire. It doesn't matter if it is 'London' and that  '£50 per night' is supposed to be 'cheap', these are…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or115-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",SLUM!!!,"Well were do i begin..... The hole place is a toilet, We needed a place to stay for the rugby but every were was booked up so found the premier west hotel and found it was cheap anuff and in a ideal location for were we needed to go. Read some reviews but thought it cant be that bad surley??? Well walk upto the building and it looks like a builders yard the stairs are all broken and a shabby looking building.. ok we go in the reception is disgusting the smell of old curry and mould is gross!!! The guy at the reception say have you got any I.D and take a photocopy of my husbands driving license weird... Then he says how are you going to pay my husband pull his card out and i wisper to my husband that i would rather pay cash which sound like we done the right thing cuming from…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or115-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Fine - if you have no expectations,"you'll enjoy this hotel if: you don't expect clean and welcoming public spaces - lobby, corridors etc you don't expect anything resembling a breakfast which actually breaks your fast you don't expect a plug in the bath or a shower that functions effectively you don't expect the heating to be switched off when outside temperatures in their top 20s you don't expect the air conditioning to work you don't expect any semblance of customer service from the kitchen staff you don't expect a receipt for a credit card payment which is demanded at the start of your stay you don't expect any degree of physical accessibility  Of course, these lack of expectations would all be acceptable if you wanted to stay in a youth hostel with a gang of mates who just wanted somewhere to crash for the…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or115-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Very much a case of you get what you pay for!!!!!!,"Having read the reviews after I'd booked this hotel, I was dreading checking in.  The hotel is very rundown, but the room was adequate, linen and room reasonably clean, although the kettle didn't work. But they really really need to replace the beds....springs......and we didn't hang around for breakfast. If you're looking for nothing more than a cheap bed for the night, then it will serve its purpose. Would I stay here again, No!!!!",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or115-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",The pits!,"The worst of the worst! Never stayed in a place like this before, only upside was it provided my friends with loads of laughs when I meet them and told them how bad it was! Seeing is believeing! You have being warned!!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or120-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value  Good Location,"In Life You Get what you pay for, and for 50 or 60 pounds it is the Cheapest Hotel in a good area in London, you wont find cheaper in the summer in london near the tube and bus station etc,yes it is run down and for a good reason as i am told a brand new hotel will be built on the site this year,hence it will be gone soon,I  have found it is clean and staff are nice,I have paid alot more and got a lot worst  in London Remember you get what you pay for in life !!!",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or120-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",A fair and honest review,"The hotel room was small, there were cracks and stains on the walls, bedding, window and bathroom mirror. The cupboard door was hanging off its hinges. The fire door outside our room was held open by string attached to a fire extinguisher. We didn't stay for breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or120-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","VILE, VILE, VILE","The worst hotel we have stayed in EVER. Bedding was filthy. Curtain pole was hanging off the wall. Complimentary drinks were provided, If you didn't mind drinking out of dirty cups.Cigarette ends were stubbed out in the drinks stand hidden under sugar sachets. Bathroom was full of mould AND hairs, which were not ours.!!!! Awful smell, awful staff and the breakfast room was like a greasy caf's waste bin. The table we were sat at was directly outside the gents toilet and you would literally have to up lift the table if anyone wanted to use it. All cutlery was chipped and coffee looked like toilet water. Thank God for the Starbucks down the road. Never never stay here. You would be better of sleeping on the street.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or120-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",not great,"no tv lead in the room, the guy at reception , said the tv's are not working !!!! Though you could stick a hanger in it  and it was fine, plus we could hear tv's from other rooms, room  a bit rubbish,  cheapm though think i paid £50 for a double, and close to where i wanted to go, but would not go back again!",Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or120-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Awful-do not book!,"I booked this hotel for myself & my sister as we were going to a concert at the Apollo. I really should have read the reviews first. Although I only paid £70 for the night, that was still far to much for this after 'hotel'. Really had nothing going for it. Dirty, old, not comfortable, worst than a hotel.  I booked this through Alpha rooms & I will be complaining to them.  Didn't even bother with breakfast as looked awful. Couldn't bring ourselves to shower as looked disgusting. Lots of holes in the Walls which worried me. We literally stayed out as late as we could so we didn't have to sleep here too long. We got a few hours sleep then left very early in the morning & went elsewhere for breakfast!  Apparently we had one of the best rooms (101) so sorry if you get one of the…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or125-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish do not book,"Well on arrival wasnt sure it was actually classed as a HOTEL or B&B more of a hostel (but a bad one)   On arrival receptionist complaining to company about other customers not great customer service.  Room right next to reception (they must have had others available) and to be honest needed ALOT of updating.  No character at all, the lounge actually just had a squeeky divan bed which was pointless.  The main room had a matress which you could feel the bed slates through.  Telly looked like was from the 1950's and no wardrobe other than a metal rack.   The bathroom was tiny, old and dirty definatly in need of serious referb! Didnt even bother with breakfast due to everything else made us feel uncomfortable.",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or125-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!,"What can i say,DO NOT STAY HERE! Does'nt quite cover it! This hotel is horrible. Stayed in room 217, basic is an understatement, holes in the wall where lights should of been, 1 tiny window so no ventalation made our stay very hot & uncomfortable. wardrobe doors hanging off, tv didnt work same problem with hair dryer. Didnt even attempt to eat what they called breakfast. Outside the hotel? looked like a bulding site. We payed £50 a nite for our 2 nite stay, What a rip off. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL YOU WILL BE VERY VERY DISAPOINTED!!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or125-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not recomended don't ever stay there,The hotel was filthy the tv didn't work towels was gross good thing I had my own with me not recommended to anyone!!!,Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or125-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, waste of time and money","I would tell every one I no to stay WELL CLEAR!!! Staff rude, shower was broken, no bath plug?!? So had to was in the sink!! Wall fixtures ripped of Walls, bathroom tiles smashed, no handles on windows, out of a ridiculous amount of light fittings only 2 with light bulbs in, floor boards ripped up so very easy to slice feet open, bed disgusting however sheets were clean, everything had an inch thick dust pile on it!! Tv broken and 'breakfast' was appalling, cerials but no bowls, no glasses for juice and toast that I waited 20 mins for!! Although may be cheap I'd rather have spent that extra money to go somewhere at least clean!! Even the exteria of the hotel was better left to the imagination!! An absolute disaster!! ",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or125-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money! Fab location!,"Me and my grandma stayed here for one night in a twin room (201) we payed £18 each so £36 all together. And I was so pleased. So ok the starcase was a bit tatty and it dosnt look fab from the outside. But in my bedroom it was fine. Twin beds clean linen clean floor, plenty of space, mirrors and sockets. The bathroom needed updated urgently as was very old fashioned but it had a working toilet sink bath and shower n that's all u need! Fantastic value for money! Only negative was breakfast, rude waitress and extremely basic just cornflakes toast n grout. But what h pay is cheaper than most just room inked so u mat as well try ur! Very pleasant receptionist. Will go again as a base for our sightseeing! Good hotel",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or130-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Please take note of these reviews! Really Really minging! We got a bargain haha! Never never again! Honestly felt like crying when we saw the room and the outside of the building! Holes in ceiling plug sockets hanging out of walls Hairdryer went red when i tried to use it! HAZARD! looks as if there had been a murder, in the hallway with all the marks on the walls! Breakfast very very poor! Cleanliness very poor in these premises! BE AWARE WHEN BOOKING!!!!",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or130-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be misled - Read on!,"I stay at the Premier West Hotel monthly, have done so for the last year or two, and stayed there this week (1st Feb, 2011). Why? Because for London, it is very cheap, and for the proximity to Hammersmith tube station etc., it is absolutely ideal. I am pleased to see that some of the worst reviews about the hotel on this site are from further back in time, and it is gratifying to see an increase in the ""not as bad as I thought"" comments. I am a lone male traveller aged 53, and want a clean bed and a good night's sleep. That is what I get. Yes the place is run down and needs quite a bit of TLC, but if you want nice decor and plush fittings, then pay the extra and stay somewhere else. Don't stay here for around £40, expect the Ritz, and then whine about it. If you want a cheap…",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or130-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Give this place a chance and don't just go by the reviews on here!,"After reading the reviews I was dreading staying here, but I was very pleasantly surprised.  The staff were friendly and helpful, the lobby and the room was clean, the breakfast was fine and it was very cheap.  Ok the windows didnt shut properly, the shower squirted all over the bathroom and there wee only a sheet and a thin blanket on the bed, but there were heaters in the room and I found a cupboard with lots of blankets in it!  It only took a couple of minutes from Hammersmith tube station.  If you want a very easy to get to base, then definitely stay here!",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or130-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Great for a gig ... Well, just great for a gig.","This is not the Ritz, more post blitz. However, for a gig at the Apollo it's ideal if you would rather not get a late train back or drive.  It's really just for in and out type clients with a laid back sense of humour. Yes the windows wouldn't close properly, the kettle didn't work and the cleaners were arguing at 8am over who was the better flamenco  dancer but who cares I had a bed and it was £45 band in the centre of Hammersmith and it's a 5min walk from the venue. I would stay again but only for gigs and price.",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or130-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap - you get what you pay for!,"Well....locationwise this is excellent if you are going to a gig at the hammersmith Apollo and at £45 per night for a double room with breakfast you really can't argue with the price. However if luxury is your thing this is not the place for you!   I've stayed at some average places but this must be the one with the longest list of things wrong. From windows that didn't close, a curtain that didn't fit the window to a cracked mirror in the bathroom and a broken kettle. However, the open window was counteracted by a brilliantly hot radiator so even if it was minus ten outside it was warm in the room! The noise however was pretty bad both inside and outside of the hotel throughout the night.   Surprisingly after writing the above I would consider staying here again if I was…",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or135-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",NOT THAT BAD REALLY!,"I stayed in room 214 for 5 nights. I didnt have a too bad negative experience with this hotel, even though I was really scared after reading comments on this page!!!  The location of the hotel is awesome. Just 4 minutes walk to the Hammersmith tube.   There was no smell in the lobby when I was there, there were a bit old smell in the hallways and stairs... but nothing to be dreaded about. The room was a bit small, but Im only one person and just going to sleep there.   The bed was large and ok to sleep on. The thing I didnt like was that there was only a sheet to sleep with, and a blanket that I dont think was washed after each stay. There was also heating in the floor, which made the room very warm. And I had to have my window open, a bit uncomfy... But liveable.   The bathroom…",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or135-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Aweful and unsafe. Recommand if your a student on the town but not familes!,"Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel for one night as it was quite close to earls court for topgear. I am disabled and a wheelchair user and stated this on the instructions when we got there there was no ramp just stairs access and when we eventually was abe to get inside the reception smelt terrible of rotten feet and there where blankets and washing all on the floor in the hall ways. we were placed in a room at the back of the office my wheel chair did not fit and was forced to use my crutches as i can only use them for short distances.. when we got in the room there was a bed that was so low to the floor that i struggled to get on, the blackets were single sheets for a double bed the tv was old and had a indoor ariel and we could not watch it there were exposed wires…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or135-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Glad it was only 1 night,"I booked this hotel because it was the closest I could find to the Hammersmith Apollo where we had tickets for a concert, for that one reason the location gets top marks. Other than that we were kept waiting for at least 10 minutes before we could check in, staff were polite and quite helpful but a bit vague.  The hotel itself  looked shabby and the room itself was worse, there was minimal bedding so my wife had to ask for extra pillows, which were eventually provided on her second request. The room was cold and the central heating was not working, there was a free standing oil radiator but this didn't work properly either as it had a loose wire(quite dangerous). The shower looked filthy with thick mould so we did not bother using it. We left without having breakfast as we…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or135-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE SMELLY AND DIRTY,"We booked this hotel without reading the reviews. we wished we had read them. The hotel was shabby in the reception area and it smelt really stale. We were directed to our room and it got worse by the second, the hallway was filthy and when we went into our room we were gobsmacked it was so shabby the shower was filthy and the smell was something else, but we were stuck there as we needed to go out and didnt have time to book anything else. The sheets were clean but that is all we had no blanket or quilt. The curtains didnt look like they had ever been washed and the carpet was minging. I wouldnt recommend this hotel, I know it is cheap but it would be worth paying more. we also tried to watch t.v. but it was a portable with an indoor ariel and the picture was awful. worse hotel…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or135-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Marginally better than sleeping in your car,"Firstly on arrival they wrote down all of my card details, including the security number, onto a piece of paper. I really do not trust their security - these details could end up anywhere. I am changing my card. Pay by cash if you can. First impression: Faulty Towers.  Booked last minute, so beggars cant be choosers. Glad I only stayed the one night. However, its well located for transport links and while the road outside had the potential to be noisy, at night it was tolerable even for my room which overlooked it. It was relatively cheap, but in retrospect it was false economy.  I had a single room which was small and cramped. I have never slept in a worse bed which had so many lumps and divots. The room looked grubby, which made me check the bed frame for bed bugs (none…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or140-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",filthy disgusting excuse for a hotel,"stayed here for 8 nights really wish i had read the reviews. wat a joke booked a double room and got two single beds, asked for a double they gave us one but the mattress was stuffed had springs coming out off it and a massive sink hole on one side, so we decided to leave and get our money back. never ever stay at this hotel the cleaners are dirty and rude as all hell and dont even do there job we had no toilet paper for two days and had to ask for it 4 times and the hotel is smelly full off mould and literally falling apart.",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or140-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Yuk yuk yuk yuk yuk!!! Do NOT stay here!,"We would NOT recommend this hotel, I wish I had researched the area a bit to see that there was a Premier Inn across the street before booking! & thank god we booked online as it is usually £85 per night for a double room, we got it for £55.  Upon arrival, the area looked pretty good, there were some lovely pubs & it's very close to Hammersmith tube station. The hotel itself looked run down and not at all welcoming. The staff were alright. When we were finding our room the stairways were narrow & badly lit. The room itself was tired & old, with paint peeling off the walls & broken floor tiles in the bathroom...and a big squashed fly above the bed and some strange splatter on the ceiling! An attempt had been made to make the room modern (pah!), with a new shower unit (this was…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or140-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely dreadful,"Room was tiny, furniture in room was falling apart, the overbed lights, hairdryer and iron didn't work only one main light worked, room was stifling hot and as room at front of hotel if you left window open you were kept awake by the traffic. Whole hotel in dire need of re decorating and re furbishing. The drink makling facility in room was replenished each day but each day milk cartons were sour and when asked for replacements were told there were none. When we booked the hotel we asked if the price included parking and was told yes, only to be told on our 2nd morning we would have to pay as it wasn't included, after many phonecalls and arguements later we were able to prove we were right so didn't pay any more money. The only really positive thing I can say was the location…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or140-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Fine if you want a cheap hotel near the Apollo,"Reading the reviews on this hotel I think a lot of it is an exageration, this is a budget hotel, it reminded me of a travelers hotel in Europe but it is really really cheap!We paid £40 per night for two of us, at that price in the centre of London I dont think you can expect a luxury room!the whole place is very basic  but I didnt see any mould or dirt, room was cleaned daily . We had tea and coffee making facilities and a microwave, fridge and kitchen sink but don't know if those are in ever room, certainly didnt expect them to be in ours! Bathroom was fine, bed was fine, location was excellent. The Apollo is 5 mins away, there is a little pub next door and a tube station 5 mins away. Hammersmith seemed nice and we went round a few pubs after the show which were all nice. This…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or140-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel from HELL ! Dirty,Smelly,Falling to bits DON'T DO IT","When I booked this hotel I read the reviews on this site and came to the usumption that you get what you pay for and its a bed for the night, how bad can it be?  The answer is BAD!  Patches in the carpet, Mold in the bathroom, A disgusting smell coming from the bathroom possibly from the pipe that was gaffa taped over on the floor?, I turned the tap on and the top fell off! only two grainy channels on the TV, spray paint on the window(lucky really as there was a pile of rubbish including food waste just outside it)  I could go on but I think you get the picture! Spend a bit more because you really don't want to spend a night of your life in this hotel (it pains me to call it that!)  The only good thing about it was it's proximity to the apollo.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or145-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",An Extremely Poor Hotel!,"When we arrived at the Premier West Hotel we were shocked by the shabby state of the reception area, (eg. there were wires hanging from the walls in places) and you could tell it had been the victim of a very half-hearted and poor quality upgrading. There was also a very interesting smell through out the whole hotel! The man at reception was very unhelpful and seemed less than happy to be at work. We were informed that our reference number from our comfirmation email was not correct and he offered no other solution than that my partner should log onto his emails on the lobby computer in front of him and show him the email. I found this very suspicious and unnerving to say the least! We were not taken or directed to our room, but when we eventually found it we had difficulty…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or145-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",What is all the fuss about? This hotel is fab!!,"We stayed here for 1 night before the London Marathon, I had read all the dreadful reviews on here and was dreading staying at this hotel. But I was suprised!! The room was clean although we were in the basement and the corridor leading to it was stifling hot. I have stayed in worse hotels and paid a lot more money. For the price we found it to be a decent hotel and would stay there again. We did not have breakfast as it did not start till 8am and we left at 7am. If you are going to the London Appllo then this is the hotel for you it is less than 5 minutes walk away.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or145-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Disgusting,"On arrival the receptionist was extremely rude and abrupt. He was unhelpful even when asked directions to the room. The walls between the rooms are very thin and you can hear everything from the next door room. There is also a wierd smell in the corridors. The rooms are cramped and over-heated. Even for the price, it's just not worth it. Was meant to stay two nights but cancelled the 2nd night and went elsewhere.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or145-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Impolite receptionist,"On arrival the receptionist was very rude and unhelpful,  There is parking provided but there is a £10.00 charge per day.there was no lift and no help was offered to carry bags up two flight of stairs, I found the card key difficult to use, In one of the rooms the sink was not draining properly.the overall cleanliness was very poor.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or145-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"Stayed for one night to go to the apollo. The only good thing was its good location two min walk to apollo. Apart from this tho the bed sheets and toilet was clean (thank god) the room was falling apart, the door handle was a tea spoon and the running water was thick and grey coloured!! We had to but a big bottle of water from the shop to use to clean r teeth and wash r hands!!! No way were we havin a shower or breakfast!! Yuk. Do not stay here!!",None,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or150-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",shocking- think i was secretly filmed!,"This hotel was wierd....ended up staying in the staff room as they had overbooked. They only charged me my booking fee, however I would stay again even if they offered me money. Smelly, dangerous and creepy are the words I would use to describe this and that is an understatement. Even had my things tampered with when I went out for a walk. Cheap and a good location but other than that, please never stay here....",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or150-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",awful,"Very dirty place I'm afraid. It was however very cheap, and they say that you get what you pay for, but I still expect cleanliness. There are very words to describe how bad this place is. Reception was extremely hot, very stuffy with a strange smell.  Check in was ok and the guy on the front desk was helpful enough. Walking up the stairs to the room was very dirty - carpets, walls etc.  The room itself was very unsafe as the door to the room did not actually fit the hole. I suspect it isn't even the original door to the room. The lock was also very loose in the door.  The room had loose floor boards, the bed sheets were limited and the bathroom was unclean with the shower head thick with limescale. The bedroom window overlloked the hotel back yard, which included old matresses…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or150-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",loved it,"I presonally was not looking forward to our stay at the Premier west , after all the reveiws i'd read , but on arriving was very pleased with the room we recevied , it was clean , tidy and very warm , the bedding was fresh and the bed very comi , we did'nt have breakfast however due to over sleeping , we had our personal bathroom which was clean , nice furinture , wooden flooring . oh wait for it ...a trs press , kettle , hairdryer , tea/ coffee , sugar and TV  / ok the stairwell's could do with a lick of paint but what the hell you don't sleep on the staircase and for £18.50 each what do you want ??   it was a peacful Hotel with every room filled , myself and hubby will defo be going back next time we have a Gig at the Hammersmith Apollo",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or150-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",A Decent B&B Hotel... For those on Tight Budget,A Decent B & B (Bed & Breakfast) Hotel for those who are on a tight budget to London.   Plus: Very Close to the Hammersmith Tube Station and Bus Station which connects you to the London very well Close to the Main market Area of Hammersmith with a Decent shopping Arcades / Malls few blocks away. Good Healthy Fixed Menu Breakfast. Free Wi-Fi Internet Access at the Reception Area. The Hotel is managed by Indians and hence will be a advantage to travelling Indian The rates are cheap.  Minuses: The Hotel is bit old and has a distinct smell. The rooms are small and had some problems in the  bathroom.  Overall experiance can be said as just OK. If you are on a tight budget I did recommend,Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or150-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Good for what you pay for,"I booked to stay in this hotel for five nights, i found the hotel very easy its only about 3 mins walk from Hammersmith station. i paid £35 a night and thought that was very reasionable for a hotel in the location that it was it. The room was small but was enough room just for me, there was a light coming away from the wall in the bedroom but that didnt bother me. The room was very clean and so was the bathroom. The problem i had with the bathroom was that they only seemed to be hot water first thing on a morning and if i wanted a shower on a evening it was cold, that was the only major problem i could find with this hotel. The maid came in every morning and cleaned the room and left fresh towels, the guys on reception were always very frendly when i spoke to them. My room was…",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or155-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE,"Worst hotel ever: Firstly we booked through an agent we requested a cot for our 7 1/2 month old daughter, when we arrived they advised they don't have cots but they 'upgraded' a term I use loosly to a family room with a single bed of couse my baby could not sleep in this bed so I had to share the double bed with her and my husband had to sleep in the single. There was a dirty towel on the floor of the bathroom when we arrived we thought that it was left behind by the cleaner but it was there to mop up the leaking toilet yuck.  The reception stank of mould, there were no plugs for sink or bath the shower ran I could continue on but judt ask you pay extra and stay somewhere nicer.",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or155-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as I feared,"After reading the reviews on this site I was very worried about staying in the Premier West. I was relieved to find that although the room I was staying in was cheaply furnished it was at least clean. The room was small but I was hardly expecting a large room at a budget hotel in central London. The shower, TV, central heating and hairdryer all worked properly in contrast with other people's experiences here.  The staff at reception were reasonably friendly and the hotel is excellently located for Hammersmith tube station and travelling into the city.  This hotel is probably best for short stop-overs as the quality of the rooms is not high enough for a stay of more than a few days. The Premier West is excellent value for money for its handy location and we paid for our room at a…",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or155-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",urine and blood,"Got there and was sent down to a basement room it had lots of space a tiny kitchen and bathroom and shower which we thought was great and it seemed clean, it cost £50 so didn't expect the hilton. The tv was postioned against a wall next to the bed which you couldnt see, there was no channels stored, we then seen there was no pillows on the bed and when asked for two each they said we could only have 1 each. The towel rail was hanging off, the shower had limited hot water, half the plug sockets didn't work, but it wasnt untill the next morning we took the sheet of the bed to find urine stains and blood stains on the mattress it was disgusting, when we complained they shrugged there shoulders and said sorry, thats it?? never go there again felt like i was in a hostel!",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or155-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Disgusting!!! Avoid like the Plague!!!,"I have just returned from my one nights stay at the PREMIER West Hotel!!!! I am so angry that I feel as though I have to write this review now just to get it off my chest!!!!  This hotel is vile - Outside is awful, steps leading to the reception are unsafe, tiles falling off. We were checked in by a unfriendly chap who could not speak a word of English!!!! When we eventually found our room (down in the basement) I was not impressed..... It was damp, cold, bare (plenty of words to describe it none of them good)!!! No light in the basement corridor, so found it difficult to see. As the room was so cold, I noticed a fan heater outside the room in the corrider, so I took this for our room!!! Not a lot of bedding on the bed, just one sheet, no duvet, no blankets.... the TV did not…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or155-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",i didn't like the idea of sharing my breakfast with the gents toliets,"he room inwhich we stayed was not clean. i didn't like the idea of sharing my breakfast with the gents toliets. talking about the breakfast ,well what breakfast (one slice of toast or cornflake which everybody had a hand in). no disable access to higher floors, so if you were a disabled person tough!!! as for thier website pictures do not believe everything you see.  s.brown & family, filey, north yorkshire.",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or160-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing 'Premier' about this place - the worst hotel I have *ever* stayed in.,"Like several other reviewers, I walked past this hotel the first time I passed it as I could not believe this was the place.  Nothing like shown on website.  Found myself looking for an hourly tariff on entry.  Quite, quite horrible.  Good things (the short list): - Location excellent for where we were working during the week. - The pub over the road (""Dartmouth Castle"") has good beer and outside sitting area.  Bad things (quite extensive): - Dirty, run down all round.   - Room awful; dirty, smelly, peeling paint, broken furniture, no smoke alarm. - Television that got one channel, thick with dust.  Aerial hanging off curtain hook on wall. - Dirty, loose toilet seat, grey towels, mouldy shower, mouldy ceiling.  I am convinced this hotel is a hazard to travellers too - no smoke…",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or160-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Re-live London's Dark Ages at Premier West!,"Nostalgia fans will love this authentic 16th Century traveller's hovel, gloriously exemplifying low-life London as it's meant to be lived. Wonder at the marvel of minimalist cleaning techniques, extol the virtues of land-fill-reclaimed furniture and make new friends with the resident insect life. Reject the temptations of pavement living by spending one night living life as it used to be lived and book into Premier West today - you'll be sure you're making the right choice of returning to the park bench for the next night. Believe the mantra ""Life's about making the right decisions"".",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or160-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","I had to shower as soon as i left the place, i felt so dirty!!!","well, we arrived late one evening and wondered around as we could not find this hotel! until we realised we were standing outside of it!it was awful looking and we hadnt even stepped foot inside. inside the nightmare got worse. the receptionist was so rude, we requested to see our rooms before we handed over any money.they were totally disguisting! there was extension leads running across the floor, the bed was awful. holes in the walls, bathroom ok but would not go in bare foot!!! we decided we could not stay here and went back to reception and told themt his was not how the hotel was on the website!!  she said we had to pay for the night even if we didnt stay and we wouldnt have to pay for the other 2 nights. 2 of us stayed for one night, one called friends and slept on a…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or160-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",About average for budget London Hotel,"I bookd through Late Rooms and got an excellent value £17.50 a night, which included breakfast - cereal, toast and juice.  Great location - Hammersmith tube just a few minutes walk.  There is free wifi in the lobby - don't bother trying to pay for the wifi in the room, because you'll never connect, the signal is terrible most of the time. The tv also had limited reception, sometimes great, sometimes crappy.  After reading the reviews, I had reservations about staying but decided that as I've stayed in plenty of crappy English hotels... and the Premier West is an example of that.  The lobby is shabby but the receptionists are very friendly.  The ground floor corridor fire-door is helped to shut by a piece of folded paper - and this is where the Premier West Hotel comes into its…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or160-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away!,"Absolutely terrible experience. The worst place I've ever seen. Mould on a carpet, no doors on any of the closets, sheets looked like they never been washed and had holes in them. There are no words to discribe toilet. We came to the hotel, saw how it was and left straight to another hotel.  Seen many hotels around the world but nothing like this. Don't go there!",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or165-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",The worst Hotel ever- Be Warned,"I was so disgusted with this hotel that I immediately checked any sites where you can give reviews to warn any other potential customers. This is absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.   I suggest any hotel room booking agencies check this place about before placing potential customers.  I inspect and rate Hotels in my professional job and was booked in another hotel which fell through last minute. As I was working in Hammersmith this hotel was the only one available for the date I requested.   I really don't know where to start on this place. Soiled towels, bathroom ceiling peeling, shower dripping all night, bucket under toilet to catch water dripping from pipe, hole in the roof stuffed with paper,  soiled carpets, TV which would fail any PAT test for being…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or165-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",3 star? Did they forget a minus in front of the number?,"Do you like dirty, worn bedlinen with holes in them? Are you a fan of broken, unvarnished furniture that a charity shop would not accept? Do you like your tv unconnected on the floor and with the poorest signal imaginable? Or maybe you would like to sit on a toilet that has every previous tenant's rear shaped on it.   If you do then this is the hotel for you!! Experience the thrill of life threatening hygiene standards throughout the hotel, the rush of adrenaline as you want to burn the whole establishment to the ground so noone can book and suffer in it anymore and most importantly, experience the loss of the £56 that could have gone towards a decent night's stay.   So call now and enjoy the stay of your life. If you book in the next 20 minutes we will add bed bugs for FREE!",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or165-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place ever,"This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, smelled extremely bad of dust and dirt in the hallways, which had spread to the rooms, so we had to sleep with open windows the first night, resulting in trouble sleeping from the chill from outside and the traffic and sirens.  The room was extremely small with not a single thing working, the shower was broken, everything was run down and broken. The wardrobe fell over if you opened the doors. Poor cleaning of the room, and because of the bugs we had to check our bed so we wouldn't sleep with thermites.  The water damaged bathroom had an appauling smell and  the bed was not nice to sleep in. Also, the room couldn't have been smaller.  The dining room was hideous with a minimal breakfast served by rude personel who barely spoke…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or165-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Good Value, will use again","Stayed here for a weekend. The room was small as the on-suite shower-room/WC had been built into one side of it, but both were clean. The room was on the front of hotel and there was quite a lot of traffic noise, quieter at the weekend, but tempo picked up on Monday morning. Well located, close to tube, buses and shops. Reception area and breakfast room area were OK, hallways and stairs were shabby. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. Felt it was good value for money, considering some of the dumps I've stayed in in the same price class in London .",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or165-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",THE PITS,"myself and my little boy booked for one night at this hotel.. on arriving i could see the hotel was in disrepair. however when we reached the room i was in shock.. i pulled back the beddin to find a very old bobbly blanket. the sheet on the mattress had holes in it showing the disgusting mattress. i decided there and then we wouldn be sleeping in the bed. i tried to calm down and make a cuppa. on opening the lid of the kettle i saw the furriest limescale i have ever seen. therefore i was not using it ,so no drink facilities.. due to my itching i decided to shower but on taking the towels off the rail i found all four of them filthy. they had mascara like marks on them and various other unidentifiable stains. i took these to the reception to request clean towels but the man could…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or170-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",I thought it wasn't bad ... !,"Altough Prince Charles may not stay in this hotel in the near future, it isn't half as bad as described on this page. I guess it is a matter of what you expect. Rooms are small and a bit used, but the bed and the bathroom were really clean and I had no trouble sleeping.  I did look for Manuel, the Spanish waiter, though.  But I guess it was his day off.",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or170-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Never again! Cockroaches, mould, and broken things.","Comfort: Double room was very small. The only way to open the suitcase was to put it on the bed. Doorknob, antenna, light bulbs and hairdryer were broken and/or missing. TV did not work, too. Toilet lid did not stay up. Breakfast was acceptable.  Services: The guy from the reception did not even know were our room was located inside the hotel. At least the manager knew the room and we got a new ""good"" room. The new room was exactly like the previous one but without bugs.   Cleanliness: There was mould on the walls and the ceiling. Several bugs (cockroaches) were on the floor and the bed!  Location: Location is quite ok since the Hammersmith Underground station is only a 3 minute walk away from the hotel.  Value for money: It is cheap but nothing else. I did not expect a high…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or170-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let the bed bugs bite at the Premier West!!!!!,"My husband and I stayed in this hotel at the start of August. On arrival at the hotel I was disappointed to find it was very run down and dilapitated. I could not understand how it claimed a three star rating maybe its closeness to the station. We always stay in three star hotels as we use the hotel as a base an do a lot of touring etc when we go away but we have never had an experience like this before. There was a strange smell in the foyer . There was wallpaper falling off the walls in the stairwell and the banister was secured by sticky tape in parts. Our room was supposed to be double but it was twin so we pushed the beds together to find one mattress higher than the other the lower one seemed very old and worn.Our room had everything they said it would have when we booked,…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or170-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Reminded me of faulty towers only worse,"Staff where nice, but the hotel its self was awful needs a great deal of repairs. Our room had drawers missing, holes in the walls and bad carpet, I refused to stay and was still made  to pay for the first night so be warned!!!!",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or170-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"I could tolerate the ragged appearance as we approached this 'hotel' (weeds everywhere, unmaintained paintwork, filthy windows, broken canopy on the floor etc) but had to draw the line at what came inside.  Although the staff were polite, this place felt more like a seedy motel. I appreciate it is cheap for the excellent location but cannot see how the stench walking down to the basement rooms can be forgiven. The walls at the bay window here were covered with huge black patches of damp and thin curtains loosely held to the rail in 2 places! A stack of rubbish immediatley outside the window has to be attractive to rats and an obvious health hazzard.  This place had a general era of a distinct lack of care and hygiene. Needless to say I did not feel comfortable enough to eat or…",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or175-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I ever stayed,"The room was terribly small and there was a reading lamp fixed over the bed which burnt my hand while coming out from the toilet,  and left a mark forever not to forget this hotel!!:) There was no lift so I had to go to the upper floor pulling all my bags on the stairs!! It seemed that the owner of the hotel didn’t want to show their hotel name clearly on the name board outside so they had given ‘PW’ or something instead of the full name, which kept us searching for the hotel for sometime!  The breakfast was okay and the free internet in the lobby was also a good thing!",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or175-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Dodgy hotel at the best,"Read Carefully- My brother & I booked to stay at this d i v e (our view) in May last year. We booked off the Internet. After a long flight from Australia this was to be our first night in London. Well, let me tell you some facts-no service after 11pm- no customer service-as I have a walking disability it is difficult for me to carry my own travel cases, so my brother asked the reception staff for assistance-this plea was flatly refused -we were booked in for three nights-room was tiny, linen off white not clean,broken tiles in the bathroom, no hot water for a lenghty period, toilet lid broken.What a disgrace, no one cared-breakfast consisted of a bread roll,cup of coffee & help yourself Corn Flakes in small packet-request for additional coffee was frowned upon-never, ever ever…",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or175-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Welcome to Faulty Towers Hotel,"This is a hotel, or so they say...  We arrived at a building in dire need of painting and refurbishing. The price is cheap, especially for the neighborhood, but don't get any idea's. The rooms are small, the beds are acceptable in some rooms but my colleague had broken beds (room 221). One bed had a mattress with a 20 cm depression in the middle. The other fell apart completely. Hot water takes a while (you can read a book). The TV works but the reception is only acceptable on one channel (BBC1).  The rooms have a hairdryer and a water heater, a tv, 2 beds, a desk, a trouser press, a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet.  After complaining about the beds, my colleague changed to room 107 which is a bit bigger, a bit better and has a small kitchen.  My own room (219) was…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or175-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Will book it again,"After reading reviews on the site I was scared of booking this hotel. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel exterior does need a paint, but the room and the lobby seems to be all right. The room was decent, there was breakfast in the morning, reception was friendly and there was wireless internet in the lobby. They helped us with directions and other local information.  I have stayed in a lot of 50£ a night hotels  and this one qualifies for the better ones. Its not a Dorchester but 50£ only gets you as much or worse in Central London.",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or175-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",oh good god!,"THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in, and I've stayed at many budget hotels. The hotel is really run down, and although the reception staff seemed friendly enough, they had no local knowledge which resulted in them sending us on a wild goose chase when we phoned for directions during rush hour traffic! We booked a double room but settled for a twin as there was no doubles available. The room was a decent size but had a very musty smell and there was an extra broken bed in the corner of the room. The bathroom had paint peeling off the ceiling and holes stuffed with tissue paper. The toilet only flushed every few hours and the taps spluttered water all over you.   The best was yet to come - we went out for the night and returned in the early hours. We then discovered there were…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or180-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Frightening and grotty,"They say don't make the same mistake twice. Our first visit here was back in 2000 for a night. the bedding was covered in glitter and the whole place was cold and shabby. One night this month we needed desperately to sleep after a show. It was a bargain option pricewise but we just wanted to sleep. Again the bedding was stained, the radiators freezing, and the whole place was like a dodgy hostel. The hotel has a scary atmosphoere which feels unsafe and decayed. We hope that this review will stop others considering this budget option. Even if they paid their guests, the experience is unpleasant and unsavoury",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or180-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Very Terrible Hotel - Stay Away!!,"Where do I start? First night: I was given a room without drapes/curtain and the room faced the busy main road. There was neither heating nor a duvet in the room on a freezing night and no locks on the door. The water from the broken down radiator leaked all over the pot-holed wooden floor making it a slip hazard. Not much point boring you about the state of the TV. When I politely requested a change of room or a plug-in heater from the man in charge at the reception that night, I was rudely told as follows: ""all rooms were occupied; there were no plug-in heaters; my room radiator would be fixed and curtains provided the next day"". His story was contradicted by their reception officer the following morning who was very certain that the hotel had spare plug-in heaters and…",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or180-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",I've seen worse!,"Ok.  Make no mistake its a budget hotel.  I got room 219 (twin room) for 2 nights for £114.  So it really is spectacularly cheap for central london.  Location fine.  3 minutes walk from hammersmith tube.  On approach the hotel looked really dingy and desperately in need of a painting.  On entering, there was a strange ethnic food type smell.  Receptionist polite and helpful.  On going up the stairs it was obvious that the hotel needed redectoration.  Especially the wallpaper on the stairs.  However, the room was a very pleasant surprise.  The room was clean, beds clean, en-suite bathroom nicely tiled and clean,  TV worked etc.  It was just fine as a base for my visit to Wembley.  I wouldn't  book this hotel if I was with my wife, but as a 'blokey' cheap bed.  It was perfectly…",Date of stay: October 2007,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or180-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Run for your life!,"I did the mistake to book this hotel for two nights, and after having a close look at three rooms I was offered, I decided there was no way I was going to stay there.  I could accept that furniture was broken and lamps hanging from the wires were they had been broken off from the fittings, but some other things were unacceptable. First room they gave me had a pile of loose tiles in the bathroom, making a big hole in the floor, carpet was really dingy and the room reeked of strong chemicals and mould. The second room I tried looked a little better, but I soon found out that the toilet didn't flush, and discovered the rat poison behind the bedstand. Hardly reassuring. What tipped the scales was when I saw the bugs crawling on the walls and floor, and I crushed a couple of them on…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or180-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay here again if you paid me!!!,"The hotel was overbooked and we were shipped off to a slum that had the nerve to call itself a hotel in the middle of nowhere. No apology and we were forced to come back to PW on the second night which is only slightly nicer than the slum. DO NOT stay here, its not worth the money even at their cheap prices. You get what you pay for! Ive stayed in nicer hostels! ",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or185-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible service,"According to homepage there was suppose to be hairdryers in the rooms, full english breakfast and tv in the room.   There was no hairdryer, when asked for it we got a not so very nice answer from the female receptionist. Finally we were promised a hairdryer if we really needed one...   The breakfast was definatly not full english... we had to settle for toast and cereals. The tv had so bad reception that you couldn't watch it at all.   You could hear everything the neighbours did and did not do. The receptionists where unpolite, gave no information unless it was asked for and hardly said good bye to us.",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or185-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Not three star, but definately not a hostel!!","It wasn't a 3 star hotel to be sure, but unless we got the only good room, it wasn't nearly as bad as written here!room was clean and the breakfast was definately satisfactory. the staff were really nice and friendly, and the location was ok too. ",Date of stay: August 2006,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or185-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","not 3* hotel, but Hosel","we booked double bed, room was very small, dark, stains on carpet,  the bed was just awful, in bathroom I was worried about personal hygiene, all of public toilets in London are exclusive in compare of the loo there. You'll get B&B, but nobody will tell you that breakfast is 1.5slices of toast, margarine and jams, tea or coffee and milk with cornflakes, but only one choice from this all. Yes, is it a cheap hotel, but they should tell you what kind of breakfast you'll get and for us it was not hotel but hostel, very poor quality to be 3* hotel. So I am sure, you can get much more nicer accomodation in London for this price. ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or185-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"The Hotel is shabby and in need of big Refurb, If you like your cold water warm and like being woken up at 3 in the morning with the ceiling dripping on you then this an ideal place for you. ",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or185-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",don't believe at the pics they show you,"The only nice thing of this hotel is the dining room, the rest is horrible, believe me. I stayed there for 2 nights in dec, 2003 and our room (double) was very tiny. The sheets were almost of paper, the floor was dirty, and the blanked had dozens of spots too. this is NOT a 3 stat hotel! and the whole hotel looks in decay.",None,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or190-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London",Do not use this hotel,"I booked myself and my husband into this hotel as it was in the west end and close to all amenities, on arrival to the hotel it looked extremely shabby, that was nothing compared to our room that smelt like we was sleeping in a Public Bar it was so smokey even though we requested a non-smoking room, after being in the room for 14 hours the toilet stopped flushing and we was told that due to it being Sat am that they could not get anyone to fix it till Mon - no toilet, we asked to get moved to another room but to no avail, eventually after saying that we would then check out and would like our money back (which we should have done) we got moved to a room that had holes punched in the walls - but horay we had a toilet that worked. Overall i would never stay at this hotel again and…",None,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254578-Reviews-or190-Premier_West_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Premier West Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent stay! Good location, great room!","I wound up at the Premier West Hotel in Dec. 2002 after being bumped from confirmed reservations at the Albany Hotel. (I won't try _them_ again!) I couldn't have been more lucky.  The room I was placed in (206H) was huge (by European standards), well lit, CLEAN, and the bathroom was fantastic - toilet and bidet, tile floor, large sink and counter space, large tub with shower head - there were even real bath towels (not oversized hand towels as in some hotels) - and they had hand towels, too. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and my one week stay couldn't have been nicer.  I didn't try the breakfasts (I don't eat breakfast), so I can't comment on the food, but the dining room is attractive, on the entry level, and well lit with many windows (not a converted closet in the…",None,4.0
