,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Best nights sleep ever,"I stayed here for one night and it was the best nights sleep ever. The room was just the right temperature, nice and quiet, black out curtains. Just perfect . The breakfast was pretty good aswell. Good choice",Date of stay: April 2020,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect for a week in London!,"My dear friend and I visited London last summer, and stayed at Hotel Tavistock for five nights. It had everything we needed! Rooms were spacious and clean, with basic amenities that aided in making our stay comfortable. The breakfast was adequate- nothing to write home about- but a nice hot meal nonetheless. This hotel is extremely close to the Russel Square and Brixton tube stations- both make for an easy connection to other lines/Victoria Bus Station/St. Pancras and King's Cross station.  The hotel is also walking distance from The British Museum- something great to do on your first day in London if you're jetlagged and want to get out for only a few hours! Will definitely stay here again next time I'm in London!",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Very clean, great breakfast","I used to stay here fifty years ago, I was agreeably surprised this visit. Staff friendly, room spotless but basic, bed comfortable, bathroom had modern walk in shower which was good. Kettle and coffee / tea in room. Cost for room was great considering it was London, breakfast ok, meal in evening was good for London and a pint was typical London prices. No hesitation in going back there.",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Well run, really handy for Euston, not too expensive","As it was a 5min walk to Euston station, we picked this hotel.  Its decent with lots of helpful staff for enquries, very clean and was ideal for our needs, without the extras that you can get from hotels with spas and swimming pools etc. We picked the option of breakfast and dinner on 1st night(of two) , dinner options being either in the hotel or in 2 other nearby hotels, with different food types. We chose to stay in hotel for an Indian buffet, which I thoroughly enjoyed.  The hotel bar was very popular and the price of drinks were reasonable. Would definitely pick this hotel again if visiting London.",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or0-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A Fine 3 Star hotel,"We have been to this hotel a number of times in the past.  Since my last visit it was refurbished and is much nicer.  The staff is welcoming, the sevice impeccable and the breakfasts much much improved.  Our room was a tripple--three twin beds.  it wasn't very roomy but it was clean, well appointed and more than enough as we were only in the rooms to sleep.  we were out each day for all the day.  The breakfast was an English breakfast.  As vegetarians, ti was good to see that the meats were on the side, separated from all the rest of the food, so that there was no problem with the foods getting mixed up.  The bread was OK, but the croissants were excellent (almost as good as Paris).  there was hot cereal,, eggs, potatoes, butter, jams, yogourt, dried cereals, juices, coffee, tea, hot chocolate.  It was a good way to start each day's trip with a nice breakfast.  The service was very accomodating.   The hotel is on the Piccadilly line which goes from Heathrow straight to Russell Square.  The hotel is a short walk from there.  This is very convenient and probably the main reason i chose to stay here again.  I highly recommend this hotel.…",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fine for an overnight stay,Went for a one night theatre break. Only about a 10 minute walk from Euston station. Easy check in and staff helpful. Room small but adequate for overnight stay. Too small for much longer. All very clean. Good position for walking to theatre land. Breakfast very good. Good selection of everything and all very hot. Would definitely recommend for an overnight stay,Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Package to visit Tutankhamen ,"The hotel is situated very well between Kings Cross & British Museum with Russell Sq tube 5 minutes away. The room was clean and tidy, reasonable size for the price in London. We ate in at the Indian Buffett restaurant and this was well below what we expected. Food bland and some items were cool. We were wrongly charged for the drinks. Breakfast was Buffett style and generally good but eggs both days were hard.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Drink in the Bar,"Visited the bar for a quick drink on way the home. The prices are very competitive, and the bar area is spacious and nicely decorated. There’s a television in the bar but (unlike some places) it is not on that loud you have to shout to get heard.  Nice place to have a relaxing drink, would definitely visit again.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Firm favourite,"Been staying at the Tavistock for years now whilst on business in London. Excellent location for the train stations/tube/museums and even west end with a walk or bus.  Book two nights throught their website and look for the discount or a free meal across the group's restaurant range if you are staying more than one night [we opt for Poppadom Express or Bloom and Willow at the Bedford which is a lovely setting].  Sure it's a little old fashioned but fresh linen, fluffy towels, kettle etc. and spottlessly clean is more than enough for the great price and food thrown in. Always put friends in here too.  It is really a 'character' hotel which always delights me with it's quirkiness, they always ask your name on check out for some reason and every time are thrown by my appearance…",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or5-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic with great location,"We stayed here recently for 3 nights on a mini break to London. The room was clean and compact, although we did find it quite stuffy so tended to sleep with the windows open. Bathroom was a bit dated but served its purpose, and we were given fresh towels daily.  The breakfast included was great - super friendly staff always on hand to top up tea or coffee, and a wide selection of foods to choose from.  We would stay here again as the location was perfect, and the staff made the difference from this being a 4 star rating, to the 3 I'd have given if it wasn't for them. ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Well priced central London hotel,"Spent two nights here as a family, booked as part of a package for the Tutankhamen exhibition.  The hotel is close to Euston and easily within walking distance.  I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel given the price, and our room - a triple to allow for two adults and a child - was impressively large given the location.  It was relatively basic but very comfortable, with comfortable beds.  The package we had booked included dinner, which was an Indian buffet, and although there were only a few dishes to chose between, they were all tasty and we enjoyed the dinner.  The dinner option could be used at one of the nearby other hotels in the same chain if an option other than the buffet is required.   Breakfast was a standard buffet, and like the rest of our interactions with those…",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Unexpected stay.,"After adverse weather conditions closed  Gatwick we had to come back into city, we had stayed the previous two nights at the sister hotel The President just round the corner, hubby wanted to come back for the 4th time to the Tavi and luckily they had available room. Comfortable clean basic room, had a reviving drink in the bar after our travels too and from airport.  Good sleep noticed the dining room had been revamped and was looking very good.  Usual buffet breakfast but staff here more attentive than in the other one, still got the same restaurant manager which was good to see.  We will be back but would really like a room overlooking square next time we’ve never managed to get one so will put in a special request next time we’re down.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely but basic,"Hotel was lovely - we stayed for our anniversary as we were visiting the Warner Bros studio tour and the hotel was perfect to get to and from Euston station. We found out once we’d checked in that it was really easy to walk to Covent Garden and oxford street as well. Breakfast was nice, very busy but the staff kept it organised and food was nice. We tried the restaurant and used the complimentary 10% off voucher, food was fairly basic with a very small menu for main courses. We were in room 339 at the back of the hotel, it was still quite noisy even though we were told it would be “quieter than the rest of the hotel” so we did struggle to get to sleep on the first night. The bathroom was very small but did the trick. Overall a good stay but quite basic for the price we paid.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent value,"My daughter and I stayed here for two nights 31/1 to 2/2 as part of a package to see the Tutankhamun exhibition. The hotel is one Tube stop from Kings Cross so really easy to get to. Had a smallish room but it had everything we needed. Hairdryer, TV, tea and coffee making facilities, shampoo, shower gel, bath, loo and shower. Staff were so helpful and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. My daughter had a chest infection and asked for 3 extra pillows at reception. By the time we got back to the room the housekeeper was already there with them! We had two breakfasts and an evening meal included. The evening meal was an all you can eat Indian buffet. It was absolutely gorgeous, home made naan bread, loads of different curries, poppadums, salad, rice, spring rolls, samosa chaat…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or10-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A Warm Welcome,"We stayed at the Tavistock hotel as part of a package that we had booked to visit the Tutankhamen exhibition and we weren't disappointed. It was within easy walking distance from St. Pancreas station and our room overlooked the 'Peace Garden' which was lovely. Although at night you could obviously hear traffic as it was quite a busy road. The staff were really welcoming and friendly, especially the concierge Michael. The food in the Woolf and Whistle bar was perhaps a little basic but very delicious. Also we loved the art deco decoration. We would definitely stay here again .",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Clean, no frills, convenient","I needed a room in Central London for one night.  This hotel was convenient for Euston and the British Museum, so I chose it.  I was given a twin room looking over Tavistock Square..  Room and bedlinen clean and good condition. Was a bit warm and staffy so opened window as soon as I got in and closed it overnight.  Some traffic noise. Excellent hot shower in the morning.  Staff on Reception and Front Desk helpful.  Breakfast largely self-service, reasonable selection.  Good value for money.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Great visit. Older hotel with plenty of character. Excellent Customer Service and staff very helpful. I felt very comfortable and relaxed here with my young child. Very peaceful and easy walking distance to Euston and Russell Square. Rooms very small, couldn't actually sit on dressing table stool as no room between bed. Beds do move quite a bit on wheels but caused great hilarity. Sound proofing not great so thumping music from nearby club could affect sleep for some but we were so shattered and had a good sleep. Restaurant food nice as were staff but not much atmosphere.   Great overall stay, nice area and service A1, would definately stay again.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good location, good value - friendly staff.","I have stayed here a couple of times - it is in an excellent location and very good value, The staff are very friendly and helpful. Has full breakfast and a nice bar. You can often get a free evening meal in one of its chain restaurants - a pub type meal but does the job. That's the positive. I don't have much negative - I have stayed when its been hot no air con and also in a room at the front where its been noisy. So ask for a quiet room - take some ear plugs etc. This was under £100 per person incl breakfast in central London in Jan. What else can you expect - its a good place. I also left my silver ring when I checked out - but this was fine as houskeeping had kept it safe.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Terrible Tavistock...,"I ended up having to stay in London for an extra three nights and I had no accommodation. I used the hotel website and found an excellent deal for a single room at £91 including a full English breakfast so I booked it for Tuesday night.  I was given a room on the eighth floor 807 which had a fabulous view of the park on Tavistock Square. However this room had a lot of pitfalls.  Firsy, it was very hot with no ac. It was very windy outside so when I opened the window to let fresh air in the window kept getting blown open so I was forced to close it for safety reasons.  Secondly, the bed was the most uncomfortable mattress I have ever slept on. It was a single bed and it creaked every time I moved as the base was so low and so soft. The base was also on castors so the bed kept…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or15-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Family Break,"This was my 3rd stay at The Tavistock. We booked 2 rooms a triple and a twin.  I did request rooms close together, which they did.  Great hotel, clean and great breakfasts.  Helpful staff, and a great location.  Would highly recommend.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A good hotel that is value for money,"Ideally positioned in Bloomsbury, close to the action. Good breakfast, helpful staff and super fast check in/out. Would look better with a bit of renovation however probably this is why the rate is reasonable. Clean rooms. Enough to have a holiday base in London.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient and decent. ,"We stayed here for a weekend in London and It suited our needs. The room was clean and tidy. Most of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good with a hot and continental selection. The location is great, close to the tube and a short walk to kings cross station. Also buses going past all the time that take you to major areas. It has a number of restaurants close by so you won’t go hungry. I would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient and quite central 3 star,"Stayed with the wife over the new year. Had booked a twin room but got one with a double bed. Were immediately offered a twin room after contacting the reception. Got room 824 on the 8th floor, with a great view. But the ""summer"" reviews here are probably right: since the rooms have no AC, we can imagine it gets hot during the warm months. At this time it was perfect, though. The beds do have wheels, as was also mentioned on other reviews. But there was an easy solution for that: join them together and put a piece of furniture on each side. That way they won't roll away from each other. We also noticed the squeaking wood noise from the floors when you walk on the corridors. That's actually kind of funny, we didn't give it any importance. We would sum up saying that it was the…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good location, not amazing but does the job.","We've used the Imperial Hotel chain before and find tthem to be pretty good value for London, although a little bit impersonal and tired,  The Tavistock is in a tree lined square with gardens and walkable from Kings Cross and we like the area.  The hotel stay itself was acceptable and represented value for money.  We had a double bedroom, fairly basic but clean.  We had a dinner included on the first night and this was to be taken at a sister hotel just along the road, The Royal National, so we were issued with a voucher. We used the voucher but the service and food were mediocre. The breakfast was generally ok but chaotic.  A ridiculous system of having to wait for coffee and tea to be brought to the table so sometimes waited ages for a cup of tepid, tasteless liquid.   Would…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or20-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Don't WASTE your MONEY here: NOT SAFE and NO RESPECT for clientelle,"My wife and I had a terrible experience at this hotel. Do not WASTE your money here,  as it is NOT SAFE, nor has it RESPECT for its clients. While we were having breakfast, one bag containing receipts and money was REMOVED from inside our room. We informed the reception desk personnel and the manager as soon as we noticed it. and asked them to check the key log to see if anyone went inside our room while we were downstairs. They informed us this could only be done by the locksmith, and, since it was the weekend, he could only come on Monday. Fair enough. We waited until noon on Monday and nobody came. We talked to the manager once again (by the way, who never treated us in a friendly manner, which you would expect especially since you were making a complaint about an item…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value if a bit tired,"Paid £88 for a twin room for a Friday night in Dec, so v good value. Bar is nice, good selection of drinks and good price, £4.80 a pint. Rooms very basic, bit like a uni dorm but it was clean. The whole hotel looks a bit dated and tired, could do with an update but nothing wrong with it. Cleaners/maids very loud in the morning, nattering in corridors from 7.30am which was only negative, but I would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A gem of a hotel,"I've stayed at the Tavistock a few times now and it almost feels like I'm coming home - the staff are always friendly, the rooms are fairly basic but clean and comfortable. I particularly like the bar as it has a cosy feel to it and the prices are amazingly cheap for London. It's central location means main attractions are all a pleasant stroll away.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend away ,This hotel is in an ideal location waking distance from Euston station and close to Russel square tube station it is clean and well maintained for not a to expensive hotel this is great good breakfast and also a bar which unfortunately closes at midnight otherwise fine,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Westend mid week trip,"This  hotel  is about a ten minute walk from Euston station, set next to Tavistock square gardens. The rooms are comfortable, clean and equipped with all you need for a central London stay. As we stayed for two or more consecutive nights we took advantage of the three course meal deal. This was taken at the hotel and consisted of an all you can eat Indian buffett. The food was served hot and very tasty. The room rate also includes a breakfast buffett, with a good selection of breakfast items. Staff were pleasant, friendly and professional and we have no hesitation in returning to this hotel, on our next trip to London.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or25-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"Stayed for three nights B&B in December. Good location for getting around London on Picadilly line. Hotel is nice, rooms a bit basic but beds clean and comfortable, bathroom a bit small but good powerful shower. Nice bar area, attentive staff. Breakfast buffet was very good, had to wait for a table at busy times, but not long, staff very good, well organised. The only problem we had was the music noise until about 12—1am, seems to resonate throughout the hotel and we were on the 3rd floor. Would stay again if it wasnt for the boom boom music until early hours.   ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"Just returned from a weekend in London, hotel is basic and the rooms are small but had everything you needed, kettle tea and coffee milk, plus a hairdryer. Bar area is nice and breakfast was good there was a good selection full English, cereal, juices croissants, I’d get to breakfast early as we had to queue  for about ten minutes to be seated. Only criticism is that when we booked it states 12 o’clock checkout on our confirmation, however it was 11am. Great budget hotel round the corner from Russell Square underground",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central helpful,Easy to get to very friendly helpful reception. quiet room. breakfast good selection quick service a selection of herbal teas would have been nice but thats personal preference.  Excellent facilities to leave bags if you booking out but not leaving straight away 2 gentlemen on there on the 13 very helpful and cheerful,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",No sleep till checkout!,"Firstly, picture of outside of hotel on internet does not match actual outside of hotel. On checking in was asked if we had stopped before? As we hadnt,we where asked what type of room we wanted. Two of options being quiet or over looking park. So we chose park. Bad idea, 3rd floor room was directly over bar/restaraunt which turned into a Club playing loud music till 3-30am non stop. Complained Sat morning, told could not move as it was part of hotel and would be same on Sat night. So beware always choose a Quiet room.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Two night stay,"25 years after first visiting this hotel I was pleased and suprised to find that the standards have been maintained. Friendly and helpful reception,  clean and comfortable bedrooms, a quiet and pleasant evening bar, followed by a superb morning breakfast. Great value for money.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or30-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",This hotel lies to you!,"By far the worst hotel I’ve visited. We booked and paid for a Triple Room via an agency, we got a Twin Room with 2 small beds in + an army bed (a steel bed with wheels) which was super uncomfortable. Because they put an extra bed in a tiny room there was NO space to put our suitcases on the floor. When we confronted the hotelstaff, they lied first and said this was their Triple Room, after phonecalls/photo comparisons, they admitted this was not their Triple Room but their Twin Room + bed but that this was not their fault because our agency booked it this way. When we asked to see this on paper, they did not want to show us and when we showed our conformation that we indeed paid and booked a triple room, they said “well that is not on our papers - ask the agency.” We asked the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Long weekend trip to london,"Great location. Central for walking, bus routes, underground and train. Breakfast was disappointing. Very busy. Queues for breakfast so be early! Rooms basic but quiet and clean. Hotel staff accommodating ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another excellent stay,We have stayed at this hotel numerous times now and always have a great welcome from all staff. The hotel is comfy and you can’t complain about the breakfast. The hotel is central for everywhere the bus stop is over the road to Trafalgar Square or a short 5 min walk is the underground. Definitely recommend staying at this hotel.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Helpful staff and excellent room,"When we checked in, we were offered our choice of floors, and of where our room would face. We chose a 2nd floor room, which was very comfortable.The bathroom was old but very functional, with a high-pressure shower.  Breakfast was in the same restaurant where I'd had an excellent curry on the day we arrived. It was a buffet with plenty of choice.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointed,We always stay at this hotel every year as it’s a cheap hotel and does what it says on the tin. The rooms where clean as always and we requested a corner room which we where given as it’s a bit bigger.   However we got the front of the hotel floor 1 room 127 omg the noise from the club and the delivery of barrels was overbearing. The music went on till midnight so we could not sleep then when we did sleep we where woken up at 7.30 by the barrels of beer being thrown down the stairs. I had severe allergies which only happens with dusty places. So I was snotty all week.  Shower was disappointing the shower managed to spray the whole of the room as the shower head is above the shower curtain which wafts all over the place so u can’t have a descent shower without the shower curtain…,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or35-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",much improved,"over the years we have stopped her a dozen times.great location, decent rooms and a nice bar but a bit dated with a strong smell of fish in therestaurant at breakfast--we just enjoyed basically a free but basic breakfast.2019 not 5 star but the dining room is tremendously improved following a refit and a mre thna decent breakfast.£100 a room in central london, walking distance form euston and kings cross,nice and safe cant be beat",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Long weekend,"Went Friday to Monday to see Curry Shark, Greenwich, and Tutankhamen museum plus a lot of drinking. Been here before and it’s still as good. Good food, good bar and very pleasant and efficient staff. The rooms could now do with a bit of TLC. Bed wasn’t that comfy (been staying at premier inns who have got it cracked). Had a nice, albeit small, room overlooking the square but made the mistake of being on the first floor which meant the basement disco was annoying till gone 2.00 in the morning Friday and Saturday. Very helpful reception staff and great service at the bar. Prices reasonable for London.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect haven,"This hotel has been just what we needed. We had to go to UCLH for a few days of tests and needed a comfortable place to stay. The location is stunning, overlooking a leafy Tavistock Square, perfect to escape the hustle and bustle, yet central. In  the trendy Bloomsbury District. Staff were, without exception, so helpful and kind  even managing a very specialist diet meal at short notice. I asked for a quiet room with a fridge, which is just what we got. Downstairs bar area all Art Deco, beautifully decorated. We are coming back to London for more tests, sadly, but will definitely stay here again. It is a comfortable haven for us.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic stay as usual,"Stayed here many times before. Room was spotless as usual, full english breakfast with choice of pastries and cereal. Polite friendly staff. 2 minutes from tube station   Will be staying here again, lovely central location.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Still great value, but take care over room choice...","Still hard to beat for central/clean/value, but the family rooms have the problem of facing the back (although they are massive!).  You need the highest floor possible, to avoid the 24-hour aircon machines outside, then you also need to avoid rooms ending 40 or 41, as they are next to an internal liftshaft for the sheets, which operates every 30 seconds from 0600-0800h. Reception uninterested when told at 0645h and again at checkout. That apart, it's great! (double rooms are easy, just ask for park-facing)",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or40-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very pleasant hotel,"Very pleasant hotel. Clean, comfortable with nice crisp linen. Room was lovely and warm. Good choices for breakfast and excellent location for going into the City. Would definitely stay again at this hotel. ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"Just stayed for 2 nights been many times before ,always had a High  floor this time we had a low floor big  mistake very noisy coming from the road and the bowling alley , Over looking park tho that was nice but will get the high floor next time ,when you book two night you get dinner free on the first night you have a choice of around 6 restaurants .we had a three course meal of ham hock terrine huge fish n chips and a desert well worth it, Breakfast in the first morning was hot and delicious the second morning it was stone cold ,told the waitress she gave no reply , Had food on the being husband had beef burger chips n said it was huge I had bruschetta was lovely",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel ,"We came for our honeymoon, staff are polite and knowledgable, the restaurant is not so good we attended the Indian buffet and didn’t stay as it looked awful. The breakfast is ok nothing special, room is clean and bed super comfy, bathroom a bit small. Overall it’s a nice hotel and we liked it just don’t eat here recommend go else where ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Stayed at this hotel in London on weekend breaks several times and always had a good experience until we stayed there last Saturday night. Loud music was playing in the basement of hotel and my Husband and I had been given a room on the 2nd floor. Needless to say we had no sleep until the music finally stopped at 3am!!. Apparantly the Hotel hires the basement out for functions now fri and sat nights so if we stay there again in future we shall request a room on the highest floor!! Apart from that the hotel is fine, rooms comfy and breakfast is excellent with a wide variety of choice and situated a few minutes walk from Euston station which is a great bonus.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Andrew and vicky taylor,Booked for saturday 2nd nov And was  Given rooms on the 2nd floor unfortunately there was a private party in basement. The music went on  Till 3am i mentioned it to front desk  Next morning but the answer was not very satisfactory,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or45-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",could do better,"just returned from 2 night stay at the Tavistock Hotel and overall found it pretty good but could be a lot better. just a short walk from Russell Sq tube station and pretty good location for Leicester sq and Covent Garden and theatre land. Overlooks Tavistock sq which is a lovely view. Staff were very courteous and helpful and the food, especially hot breakfast buffet, was good. The only downside was the room. The bathroom had no extractor fan so we had to leave the window open all night and the bed was worn out, with poor springs and an annoying habit of rolling on its castors away from the wall when you sat up in bed to watch tv (or whatever). Tavistock - get some new beds for goodness sake, preferably without wheels",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Suited Our Purpose and Budget,"We had to make a sudden detour to London due to a damaged passport. Hotels anywhere near embassies are prohibitedly priced for our budget. My researched showed this hotel close enough to Euston Station where we arrived from the north, and it is on a direct bus route - 91- to Trafalgar Square. And we found the price affordable as it included full English breakfast.  I ignored the negative reviews, held my breath and called and booked it for 5 nights.  What a find!  Our room was a tad small and we would have preferred two chairs, but everything else suited us perfectly. We used the discount coupon and had a decent meal in Woolf & Whistle. We enjoyed the choice at breakfast each morning and we had hot showers in a spotless room.  The embassy was able to complete the document we…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location for railway stations,"I’d read the reviews before booking here so was aware of the negatives some people had found, and I have to agree with some. Our room, a triple, was very small. Given that you’d expect three people to be staying in such a room, there were only two plug sockets, neither of which were beside a bed.  Nowhere to hang your coats, except in the wardrobe, not ideal if they had got wet.  Nowhere really to put your cases, other than down the side of one of the beds. But, the room was very clean, daily maid service to replace towels, tea etc, the beds were comfy but the pillows weren’t of great quality. The downstairs areas are lovely, very nicely done up, maybe they’re doing up the whole place slowly, it is a big building so will take time.   Breakfast was excellent, lots of choice and…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Theatre Visit - Good Location but thats it ,We got the hotel with a theatre package; wasn’t overly cheap but the hotel is! The downstairs is ok but the rooms are small and tired. You need to leave the window open for air and it is exceptionally noisy outside. Positive is the shower is hot and strong and the bed linen is new and clean. Breakfast was included but be prepared to queue. Staff at breakfast were overworked and rude as a consequence. The location was ideal for the theatre but we had a rubbish nights sleep so all in all we wouldn’t go back. ,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great central location,"Bar and reception really quite nice (nice and quiet during day time). This hotel is perfectly functional and is generally fairly typical for central London (bit of noise at night, rooms a bit warm etc), but with added bonuses of twin and triple rooms (really good for groups of friends) and a very good price for the location. Breakfast wasn’t good - super busy and eggs were cold. Even so, given the value and the location I wouldn’t hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or50-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A mixed bag,"Positives first - staff were very friendly. Easy to leave bags for a couple of hours before departing for the train (£0.50 charge). Hotel is in a good location...the area is interesting to wander around and close to UCL/IoE. My room was basic but very clean. Breakfast was also basic but plentiful...apart from the overheating toast. Good value overall.  Negatives. Very noisy. I was on the second floor and the noise from the bar below (not sure if this is part of the hotel or not) was extreme and prevented a decent sleep until after 3am on Friday night. To then be awakened by the cleaners chatting loudly in the corridors at around 8am was not conducive to a restful stay. The walls are paper thin and you hear everything.  So on balance, good value and good location. I enjoyed a…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Too Hot to handle- Avoid,"This dated hotel offers adequate convenient en-suite rooms. The Breakfast is OK and plentiful. When requesting a room do not stay on the upper floors unless you want a tropical feel to your stay. I was on the 7th floor, the heating was off and I tried to sleep with the window wide open. The coldest my room got to was 25degrees centigrade. The outside temperature was 12! When I informed front desk they said next time I should ask for a lower floor as the top ones tend to get hot! If you don’t get a good night sleep what is the point?",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good,"A very good hotel with a comfortable and clean room. The hotel  staff was very kind, with special mention to the Concierge. There are many restaurants in the surrounding area.  Transportation is not a problem with underground stations nearby. Several  interesting points are at walking distance.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value hotel in central London,"I stayed here for two nights while visiting London.   The hotel is very central and easy to get to, rooms aren't the newest, but they were clean and comfortable. The included breakfast and dinner package made it good value all round. I would stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Three nights stay - fab!,"Used as a base to walk everywhere. 10 minute walk from Euston, 10 minute walk to British Museum, 30 minutes walk to Covent Garden etc etc. Lovely hotel for the really decent price. Friendly staff and fair rooms with everything you need. Looking forward to going back.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or55-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Better experience this time,I stay here for work. Most recent experience was better than every other time in that the room was quiet and had been brought up to date with fresh bedding and what looked like a new bathroom.  Breakfast is still hit and miss- the only fruit available is still frozen / I think fresh fruit would really help.  Staff at check in don’t look very happy compared to the concierge who was lovely and friendly.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Hotel review in London, U.K.",The Tavistock Hotel is a super little hotel in London close to Russell Square with easy access to public bus transportation and on-off bus transportation.  The hotel rooms are basic but clean and the hotel has a pretty nice buffet breakfast with lots of food choices. There is a lounge where dinner and lunches are served with a 10% discount if you are staying in the hotel. There is also an Indian food buffet for both lunch and dinner.  Several good restaurants within a 5 minute walk.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Birthday treat,Came here as it was near Euston station.We had stayed here last September and could not complain at all.The room was overlooking the garden square and was very clean and quiet.Mark on the front desk was very helpful again.The hotel in near to bus stops and tube station within a 5 minutes walk.Breakfast was included and just needs fresh fruit on it! Everything else was fine in fact we want to go back before Christmas!,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One night stay for work,"This hotel met the work budget and I’ve stayed here before, but not for a good while.  It’s location is great on the leafy Tavistock Square not far from Euston, St Pancras or Kings Cross. There are lots of good things nearby, notably the British museum, Corams Fields and the The Brunswick centre for food and shops.  The stay this time wasn’t as good as I remembered. The hotel has had some work done and the public areas are more visually appealing than they used to be. The bed had nice cotton linens but it was too hot. I had the window open but woke from the outside noise and had to shut it at midnight. I was in the Bedford Way side which is quieter as well. I was also uncomfortable with the fibre pillows and duvet. One pillow was too little and two was too much. The duvet…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value,"I wonder how many of the people posting poor reviews have stayed in other hotels in this price range? £117 internet rate for a double room including breakfast will not get you much in London! So, whilst I would not book my honeymoon here, what the heck?! I had a bed, a kettle and a hot shower. Clean room and windows that open. Ask for a room facing the square and bring some earplugs (silicon ones are the most comfortable).",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or60-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Cheap Hotel, Ideally Located - Below Average ","If you’re after a cheap place to rest your head after a long day and don’t care about anything else then it’s ideal...Less than £150 for a double room in this location including a full English below what you’d expect to pay. But you pay for what you get...   Rooms were clean and tidy but that’s about it. On the high floors it’s hot in the rooms, showers were very poor and the mixer didn’t work. They are stocked with shampoo etc and you have a kettle.  One lift isn’t operational...when you’re on the 8th floor and it’s breakfast time it’s not great. Other lifts start from 7th floor.  Short staffed at breakfast so had to wait for 20 minutes for clean glasses. Table was dirty with left over milk from previous serving.   Bar staff could do with some training on service and how to…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good and Bad,"The location is wonderful close to transit . They put us in a room overlooking the pipes but we complained and then got a lovely room overlooking Tavistock Square. For the price i think its good. It was clean . The breakfast was ok but no fresh fruit in 13 days of being there .  Breakfasts were crazy too many people not enough staff. Most of the people working there were lovely and helpful ,a few seemed not to care. Overall i would recommend it at the price point its location is great, rooms are clean and lots of choices to eat around it. We never did eat at the hotel",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Dated and horrible food,"Dated hotel. Breakfast rather horrible with still frozen berries your only fresh fruit available. The breakfast room was completely over-run, busy and chaotic. But the few staff were still incredibly friendly and polite, running around like headless chicken to keep it all going. They did an amazing job! The in-house Indian restaurant is awful too (and overpriced).",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not great,We stated here last year and the room and breakfast was far superior. This time the room was a joke it was tiny and the beds were so cheap and tacky they kept coming away from the walls with a paper thin mattress. The breakfast was really poor no fresh fruit and the service was so miserable and unfriendly we would not return.,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent base.......,"Just returned from here after a 2 night weekend break. Three adults in the party and we had a family room (Room 642),,,,check-in very quick and easy and headed up to unpack our things. The room is huge..so much floor space. Bathroom OK, had a bath with shower over, and toiletries included. Room was quite hot and stuffy overnight ( we had a very hot weekend of weather)...but plenty of plug sockets. Breakfast was the usual hot buffet of which everything was lovely. Also cereal and croissants, yoghurts and toast...plenty of jam and butter on the tables too. We ate in the Bedford Hotel for our free evening meal and that was excellent. Will definitely stay here again so very handy for the underground and walkable to Euston Station.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or65-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"It is sometimes difficult to remember, when you see the photographs and the marketing material, that you get what you pay for - no more.  In this case you get a good position. For the rest, it is just passable, but any worse and it would be really bad. The rooms have no ventilation except the windows, so on a warm evening you have to choose between air and the excessive noise of the revelers outside.  The pillows are poor quality foam rubber. The shower curtain over the narrow bath wraps itself round you. The 'complimentary' breakfast, when you get to the front of the long queue, is plentiful and very poor quality. Platters of greasy, hard fried eggs on the buffet, bread that you have to put through a 1970s toaster at least 4 times, still frozen berries. Cold coffee. Next time I…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value hotel,"Second time of staying in this hotel. Rooms are clean but quite small. Beds were comfortable. Bathroom smelt a bit strange but looked very clean. We asked for a quiet twin bedded room and got one on the 5th floor not facing the street, which was very quiet, apart from some glass bottles being emptied into a recycling bin at 11pm-ish. We had the window open all night because it was very warm and there's no air conditioning. Breakfast is included and pretty substantial.  Nice bar downstairs. Staff are friendly yet professional. Would definitely stay again if in London.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice but just too noisy ,"Very pleased on first impressions.  This hotel is very reasonably priced for such a central location, breakfast is also included. We had a twin room which was more than suitable, comfortable beds.  The toilet and bathroom were separated which is unusual for a hotel room but we didn’t mind. Tea facilities were available in the room.  There was no aircon in the room, now being your standard English traveller it’s not something I expect in London hotels as standard.   The reason this review has gone from 5* to 3* is that we had one of the worst sleeps here. The traffic noise is unbearable. It’s a shame because everything else was great.   Motorbikes going by vibrate the floor! People drive by with their music blaring. There was often the extremely loud sirens from emergency…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Orror room!,"Well, the entrance Was not bad, like the breakfast place, but the room, with no air condition, vita e smell like a cinese ristorante, well comignolo back from a tour and go into Was Too much.the moquette Was dirty, the room Was very small for 3 people, no refrigeretor inside o a safe, only 3 beds, notting else.this is a 1 star hotel, .",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic rooms but nice bar and staff ,The rooms could do with refurbishing as they are too basic.  However they were very clean.  The bar area is great and very grand and the staff were lovely.  Drinks prices were good for London.  The Breakfast was very good and was plentiful. ,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or70-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Moderately priced average amenities,"The hotel itself is handsome and somewhat charming, though our room was very basic and could have used some spiffing up. I wrongly assumed air conditioning would be present. Our first night was not pleasant, as we needed to have the windows open but the traffic noise kept us up. We requested and they supplied a fan for the remainder of the stay. Breakfast was hectic and chaotic with hundreds of people elbowing their way for a table, and the food was humdrum. On the plus side, it is an ideal location and for central London the price is extremely attractive.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mostly for the location,The hotel and especially the rooms are very moderate but as it's rates are also moderate the cost effective is reasonable. The location is great and very close to Russel Square Tube station and maximum 10m by foot to Holborn Tube station. Bottom lines : good for those whom like to travel most of the day and use the hotel for sleep and Breakfast.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel London,"I was with my wife in room 305 ,facing onto Tavistock Square and almost on the corner of a four way stop light. The continual screaming of either Police/Ambulance/Fire Dept sirens all day and night was at a horrific level!!! I requested a fan for the room ,which was provided and was able to close windows,but the summers in London are getting longer and the room became stuffy,so you had to open the windows again!!! I requested another room on the other side but that was above the Kitchen extraction system and looked straight into the Royal National hotel bedrooms opposite,so that afforded no privacy. We cannot fault the staff/cleanliness/breakfast and bar and lounge areas but we recommend that the hotel either issue sleeping tablets and earplugs or install wall air conditioner…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mice and dust,Thick layer of dust round the edge of the room so not really clean and sitting in the bar having a drink saw a mouse justt wandering around. Mentioned it to the barman and he said oh yeah we have a mouse problem we have reported it we are waiting to see if we need to call in the exterminators.......if its sat in the bar in full view of your clientele you need to do something!!! Mentioned it to reception same response. Upon check out asked if everything was good its like not i already told you hotel is not clean but clearly you didn’t listen. No air con and had to have the window open really loud noise from the back of the hotel seems ike all the money was spent on reception rooms are rubbish.Bad all round and this was a birthday trip added to the overall craziness. Thanks,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value for a central London location,"I regularly stay at the Tavistock or one of the other Imperial Hotel chain hotels when I am in London. This is a great location and the lobby and bar have been refurbished recently. The rooms are always clean and adequate and the breakfast buffet is busy, but OK. There is a slightly 'institutional' feel about the place, but nevertheless, for under £100 in this is a bargain.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or75-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London visit with teen age granddaughter.,"Stayed at the at Tavastock a number of times and it is a lovely Art Deco hotel. Newley refurbished to a high standered.location good. Food good. Prices good. On this one occasion I have a negative comment to make. We were on a side street side of the hotel...the weather was very very warm ( not the hotels fault) the window had to be opened to let some air into the room. On the Friday night the noise from the bowling ally below us was really disturbing, shouting and screaming until very late. I was out of bed opening then closing the windows most of the night. At 3.30am I got up again because I could hear loud talking, on the opposite side of the road were a group of about 5 men sitting on the steps of the building across, not being very quiet and completely unawear of the noise…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Wonderful location,"Everything about our stay was great EXCEPT they do not have air-con in the rooms, open windows is all the air you get.  They do offer a fan upon check-in but it is a first-com, first-serve.   Loved the location and the park across the street.  Breakfast was the same items every day but I changed it up so I didn't eat the same exact thing all our mornings.    The price was good considering the location and the included breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","OK place to stay, but during heat spells beware of top floor rooms","The Tavistock was once a top address in London, and it's Art Deco lobby is well worth a look. The room rates, by London standards are reasonable and breakfast is ample, albeit of average quality. My room was clean, but as I stayed in London during a hot spell, it was unbearably hot at night. There is no air-conditioning and the window only opened a couple of inches. Apart from that: great location.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",I'd recommend.,"Really nice hotel in an excellent location for main line railway stations, tube and sightseeing buses. Staff really friendly and a good buffet breakfast. As has been mentioned by others, it can get very hot. I appreciate that there is no air con and would be unrealistically expensive to put it in all rooms. I didn't realise you could hire fans if they were available. It's just a shame that the hotel couldn't mount the cheapest, most basic fans on the walls in each room, I don't think that would be a huge cost even taking into account the amount of rooms. This is the only fault I could think of. Excellent prices too (including bar price) for a central London hotel. I'll definitely be staying again but will have to leave a pair of shoes out of my case so I can fit a small desk fan…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A great hotel for travellors,"Whilst our room at the Tavistock was plain and simple it was nonetheless, clean and functional. The noise from the road was a challenge at first but we soon got used to that. The lack of air conditioning in the room meant that we had to keep the windows open for ventilation. However these are just minor things. The staff are friendly and very helpful, the hotel was clean and the breakfast was great. There is a great variety of food in abundance. The location of the hotel meant that we could access the Hop on Hop Off bus with just a very short walk",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or80-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Uncomfortable and dated ,"Stayed one night for business. Very very hot rooms, no fan or AC. Ridiculously out of date rooms. All my devices found no WiFi whatsoever. Very dodgy power outlets. Extremely loud AC units outside (I was on the 5th floor). Bed that moves across the room when you sit on it due to very loose wheels. Rude staff at checkout, concierge said ‘that’s it’ and walked away from the desk making me feel my stay meant nothing to them. ",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Exactly as advertised,"Very convenient location, nice breakfast, small room of course. Ideal if you want hotel without the frills. Ssrvice adequate without any warmth. The wonderful breakfast room now divided up into restaurant as well, so that lovely morning experience at breakfast now gone. Perfectly adequate overall.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location,"Stayed on a number of occasions, great location but in need of refurhishment of the rooms heating and plumbing pipe need sorting. No AC and lack of sockets in the room, the loo is even more dated and hot.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location and clean,"Stayed for a three night break and was no disappointed for the money paid. Clean room but quite small. There is no air-conditioning and the room was uncomfortably hot. Enquired for a fan and was told the hotel had one and that was spoken for!! Surely not? I think I was being fobbed off?? Good overall value for money on the basis of location, cleanliness and breakfast. Room had a small fridge and an even smaller TV- but adequate. Would book again but avoid warm weather.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Dated dated dated ,"The hotel is dated and tired, the air stuffy and an unpleasant smell near the reception. If this wasn’t london it could never charge £150 per night for a small room facing heating and plumbing pipes.  No AC and lack of sockets in the room, the loo is even more dated, if possible.  Rooms look clean  ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or85-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another Great Stay,"We have stayed at this hotel numerous times over the last few years, in that time the hotel has undergone refurbishment which has made the hotel even better. It’s in an excellent location to explore our Capital city. The rooms have everything you need and the beds are nice and comfy, lovely English breakfast as well as croissants. To end your day sit and have a drink in the hotel bar, what more could you ask for!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in an ideal location,"Having just returned from a 2 night stay at The Tavistock I can say that this is lovely hotel.  The location is ideal for exploring London either on foot, or Russell Square tube station is only a short walk away.  My room was clean and tidy, with all of the facilities I needed. The only minor criticism was that the room was a little too hot for my liking; it was fine during the day as I could open the window for some fresh air but I had to close the window at night as I'm a very light sleeper.  All of the staff were really nice and friendly, particularly Zach and Shani in the bar. (I hope I remembered their names correctly)  The food served in the bar was of a good quality and reasonbaly priced, as were the drinks (with a great selection available).  All in all, a very…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location and full English breakfast!,"At the end of June, we spent two nights at the Tavistock Hotel before we took the Eurostar over to Paris.  This hotel had been recommended to us and it did not disappoint.  We were 3 and had 3 separate twin beds.  While the room wasn't huge it was big enough for us and our luggage.  The room also had ample plugs for us to charge our devices.  The wifi works great. The room was clean and th bathroom was two rooms one with the toilet and the other with sink and bath.  It was a good size.  The breakfast buffet in the morning was excellent and was a full English breakfast.  We also had included with our booking a free dinner on our first night and it was also excellent. We enjoyed a nice Indian buffet.  It was perfect location we had arrived from an overnight flight from Canada into…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short stay ,"Found hotel on British Airways site chosen more convenient location as heading to Wimbledon so easy to locate from both kings cross or Euston main line stations You can walk from either depending on luggage  Nearest tube is Russel Square out of station turn left head to main rd  Cross over head  right follow main rd to Tavistock square turn left hotel on your left Check in very fast we chose floor 6 key card access very small basic room twin beds clean as previous reviews no air con widows fully open but noise from main road ,small tv kettle, tea coffee making (basic )hanging wardrobe which was adequate  Bathroom very tiny but functional for the stay over bath shower so better to run water to get decided temp my wife struggled to climb over into the bath we had clean plentiful…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Birthday in Town,"We love The Tav, it's the best place to stay for easy access to any of the London sights and we never look anywhere else now. Feels very safe for women travellers too. Lovely friendly and helpful staff. Great breakfast and meal deals for two nights stay are a perfect after long day sightseeing. Poppadom Express is yummy. Bedford Hotel up the road has great secret garden and restaurant, please turn down the aircon there though, chilly! Back to the Tav, corner rooms are our favourite, airy and great views. Lovely surprise of bottle of wine and a birthday card from the hotel team, hugely appreciated, thank you.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or90-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",2 night stay,"stayed two nights at the tavistock hotel, very near euston station, about 10 minute walk or  5 minutes taxi ride, lovely hotel, superfast check in, lovely food, nice bar area, loved my stay there, have stayed in their other hotel president also, if going to london again, would stay here just because, good value for money, excellent staff, very friendly and helpful and easygoing, well done all of you for making me and my friends feel welcome, just search imperial hotel group london, even had an e mail few days before my arrival to welcome us to hotel",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not as advertised,"Spent 2 weeks at the Tavistock. When we chose this hotel the amenities listed on their website included: a swimming pool,sauna, bowling, exercise gym, jacuzzi, & safes in the rooms. The safe is located at the desk in the lobby for a charge and all the other amenities are near by and not on site. Very disappointed upon arrival about this false advertising. I see they have since removed all this from their website just recently. Beds & pillows are hard.  Our room was on the front of the hotel and since there’s no air conditioning leaving your window open is a must but the street noise can be quite loud. Good points: great breakfast with many options & good variety of hot & cold choices, plenty of hot water, staff is very pleasant & helpful. Great central location with options  for…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average stay,"the Rooms are very basic, there is no air con in any room and as the rooms are small and hot if you can ask for a fan. The bathroom is small and tight to move around in.   We had a booking for dinner and had a choice of hotels within the group to use it. The restaurant for dinner at the Tavistock is Indian food which we didn’t want. So we ended up going down to the President hotel for carvery, the carvery is not what people would think is a carvery it is a 3 course meal. You can only go up once for each course. The starters had a choice of ham, salmon, coleslaw, salad  and few other sides. No other meat or fish, there was an alternate starter for soup or prawn cocktail.   The main course was a choice of 2 out of the 3 roasts on offer beef, pork, lamb. Separately you could have…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ..,"We stayed in a double room including breakfast for 3 nights, Friday - Monday.   Check in was quick and friendly.  I requested a fan upon checking in due to reading previous reports about the rooms being very hot (we were there on the hottest weekend of the year so far - 34 degrees!!) This was brought up to our room right away by a member of housekeeping.   The room was a lot more spacious than I expected with a lovely view over Tavistock Square gardens.   A comfortable double bed and a desk/dresser with a large mirror.  The bathroom was small but immaculately clean and the shower was great, brilliant water pressure.  The usual shampoo/shower gel/soap was provided free of charge and the room also had a hairdryer which is handy.  There was no iron/ironing board however there is an…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel for the money,"Just one night midweek, rooms a little dated but ok for the art deco style of building. Bathroom nice and modern and bed OK, all you need for a short stay. I didn't have the breakfast as I left early. No issue at all, nice and quiet room.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or95-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Dreadful Place,"I booked a double room using a third party i.e. Expedia etc, the room was booked almost 3 months before our visit. When we arrived we checked in no problem and went up to our room only to find a twin room, my husband said he’d heard another person at reception complaining about being given a twin room - the staff said that they couldn’t room change as they were fully booked so there was no point us complaining too. I have to ask myself is this because we used a third party and didn’t book direct with the hotel ? Surely booking 3 months in advance gives them enough time to tell me there are no double rooms available ?? This was a particularly hot day in London but to find no form of air conditioning was slightly worrying. We headed out for the afternoon and returned late…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Terrible Family room NO shower,"The family room was terrible there was NO shower. Overall the room was shabby, dusty and dirty. Staff was rude and aggressive  when we polite asked for another room ,with a shower, and did not even try to find another solution.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Terrible,"This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  Reception staff were disorganised and surly.  My room was diabolical.  I know I had requested a single room but it was tiny, especially as there were 2 single beds so it should have been for 2 people.  The bathroom was so small it was difficult to get in it and shut the door!  The bedroom itself was drab and dull with not a single picture.  It was a hot night and fortunately the windows opened, but the noise was deafening, finally getting quieter at about 03.30!    I was with colleagues and we ate in the bar.  The food (fish & chips) swam in grease, the batter over cooked and the fish almost non existent.  The cheesecake tasted powdery and was crying out for cream or coulis.  When this was mentioned I was told I could pay for ice…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"We stayed at the Tavistock whilst in London and found this hotel to be really nice, our room was so clean and comfortable, the bar prices were really reasonable with plenty of choice and the staff were very friendly. The breakfast was very nice and freshly cooked with so much choice for all diets, thanks for a lovely stay.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Allergens,"Went to this hotel for tea,which was a curry,all ok not that much choice,but when it came to something sweet,there was no diabetic choices,not even a bit of fruit,staff was rude when I asked about,be careful staff not much knowledge on allergens etc ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Amazing,"This is our 4th time of staying at the Tavistock and it doesn’t disappoint. A warm welcome greets you as you check in and nothing is too much trouble. Rooms are spacious, clean and warm. There is always a smile off the staff and as we were having Breakfast, which is very very good , we even got a greeting off the manager Tony , who was Charming and was  actually interested in what we had come to London for. I can not recommend this place enough and look forward to going again.  Lee , Amanda , Mark and Carol.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",more than decent,"I spent 2 nights at the Tavistock with my daughter. The hotel is a bit dated and impersonal but is in a great location, 5 mins from Russel Square tube station. The area around the hotel is pleasant and there are plenty of green areas.  We had a smallish twin room on the 4th floor overlooking Tavistock Square, it was quiet enough if we kept the windows closed. The toilet and shower rooms are separate, which i had not seen since the 80s, but they were clean. The complementary welcome dinner was good and the breakfast ok apart from the really poor coffee. Overall, i would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay,This hotel offers excellent value for money and is well located. The room was well maintained and the breakfast tasty. Given the hotel was full the staff were most helpful and polite. Look forward to returning when next visiting London,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing experience,"In my view this is an outdated hotel that would benefit from updating practices and installations. 1) It has no air conditioning and open windows is an invitation for further noise from the street. 2) If you need a simple plug adapter for your charger you cannot find it at the Concierge as in most of the hotels but you need to go into an administration office in the 8th floor and pay a deposit of Pounds 5,00 to borrow it. 3) Beds have wheels with no locks so they may move when you sit or move overnight. 3) The staff from reception provided me with inaccurate information about cancellation policy in two occasions (check in and check out) thus affecting the amount of expected refund as I couldn't stay there for the entire original booked period. 4) When checking out consigning the…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another great visit,Have recently returned from another great visit to the Tavistock. I seem to have stayed there so often this year it's become a home from home! Pleasant rooms and good service and food. We're going again next week!,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good and Ever Improving,This is a budget hotel ever improving with now a remodeled dining area and improved rooms and marketing. Ideal location and neighborhood and a great value in London. We have lodged here dozens of times over the years and shall continue to do so. Fully recommended.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location but not much more than that,"* If you are tall person (200 cm / 6'6') be careful as door frame inside our room was approximately 1.90 cm high. I hit my head twice before I memorize that (no mind your head signage or warning in advance at check-in.)  * First time I had to wait for breakfast in the queue (10 min.) before I was actually invited inside the breakfast venue. First impression was ""Hotel must be fully booked  and  venue is not big enough to accommodate all the guests at once"" . It was not the case. There seems to be not enough staff to clean the tables. 2 extra staff members would do the job as there was empty tables  while we were having breakfast with plates etc. left by previous guests. At the same time there was the queue to enter the venue. "" Noise coming from outside the building for most of…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",All round value for money,"The Tavistock continues to be good value for money.  The renovations which have been undertaken over the last year or two has made it even more satisfactory.  It’s location, price which includes an English breakfast and the free dinner on the first night for a two night stay or more are all good.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",another great stay,"Have stayed at this hotel on many previous stays in London, however this was our first stay since the restaurant and bar areas have been renovated. The new look restaurant is great for breakfast as always, fantastic choice, food always hot and great service well done to everyone in the breakfast restaurant, for working so hard over the bank holiday weekend, the restaurant in the morning was so busy but you guys managed clear table keep everyone topped up with tea and coffee and always a great smile, the new bar area has been done lovely and a great new feature a outdoor terrace perfect for drinks in the evening, of which the drinks at the bar were very reasonably priced for London, We strayed two nights so got a 3 courses meal included in the price of the room, we had the carver…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",usually good but this time awful,"I was kept awake until 3 am by noise, which the hotel knew about, from a bar below. Breakfast - table had dirty plates still on it, no milk, had to get own coffee, cutlery, milk. Usually staff are really lovely but this time they were rushed and not friendly. Such a shame as this was at least my 20th stay.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Indian Buffet resturant,"The food was great, the staff are lovely and highly recommend this as a sanctuary from a busy city. This was a great place to be replenished after a busy day. I have been staying for three nights and found it convenient for the conference i am attending.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Be Warned - No Air-Con,Very average room but it was clean and it had all the essentials you would expect. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the bar is actually lovely; shake that this style is not mirrored within the tired looking rooms. The location is great but I don't think I'll be staying during the summer months due to the fact that there is no air-con. I was provided with a fan however I don't think this would suffice during the summer months. I would consider staying again but not in hotter months ,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice location but Functional,"I thought the Tavistock had a great location close to a Tube stop and two lovely parks.   While it is, I have to report that the room is a step above a hostel.   The rooms have beds that easily roll around while sleeping.  There are few amenities in the room - nothing to write with, not more than shampoo and shower gel, and water pressure that is mediocre.    Small rooms are de rigour in London so I won't complain, however, there was absolutely no style or warmth to the room.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Horrible hotel,Where do I begin! I have traveled extensively around the world I have never seen a hotel this bad! Check in was a disgrace! Hotel does not have air conditioning! Beware it was hot and very noisy in the street.Beds were very uncomfortable! Also did not accept American Express. Good point —hotel located close to Russell square tube station. Will never stay there again!,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The location is terrific.,"This hotel is within a couple of blocks of the Russell Square tube station which makes it easy to get around to most of the major attractions in the City.  The rooms are small and the single beds not very comfortable.  My room did not have a dresser with drawers and as I was there for 10 days I wasn't happy about that and talked to the front desk staff about it.  They weren't able to change my room for five days as the hotel was full.  As I had booked and paid for the hotel months in advance and was there for 10 nights I thought they could have been quicker to deal with this problem.  There is a lot of street noise which is normal for a hotel so centrally located, and my view was very nice as I overlooked an lovely park.  The breakfast which came with the room was also pretty…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Location,"We stayed for 7 nights. The hotel is clean, great location, very good breakfast and very good service from the personnel. We had a small problem with the bathroom sink, the staff was polite and offered us to change our room, but we decide to stay and in general, enjoyed our stay very much.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Docking a star for a night of no sleep!,"The hotel itself is OK - downstairs the Art Deco styling is lovely, the breakfast was OK and plentiful, if not brilliant, staff were friendly enough, and the bath was nice. But I didn't sleep a wink. The room was on the 8th floor, very spartan compared to downstairs, hard bed, view of other bedrooms on all sides and overlooking a  lovely set of roofs, pipes and heating vents. It was stiflingly hot on a not-particularly warm night in May - I dread to think what it would have been like in summer! It was also incredibly noisy with all the pipes and vents banging and roaring all night - adding insult to injury as there was clearly some air-conditioning somewhere... With the window open, it was too loud to sleep. With the window closed, it was too hot to sleep. In the morning, I was…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A Pleasant Place to be,"Hotel in Bloomsbury, a pleasant place to be.  Tavistock Square opposite, good for fresh air!  Stroll round Gordon Square and further as its worth the walk.  Leads onto Tottenham Court Road and of course Oxford Street. Hotel fairly central for most things.  Hotel itself is clean and bedroom sufficient.  Its not luxury but the prices reflect this.  I was v. happy with breakfast which is included.  I would stay again.  Staff friendly and helpful. Bags can be left with hotel on checkout for collection later, small charge 50p for my bag. The hotel does what it says on the box - provides a room and breakfast, but in a dignified way!",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"After a tricky sign in. I made the booking but they did not have me on the system. My friends name was accepted, bizarre. Yes it is an economy hotel, but lacking in some areas. Think it is going through a slow revamp. Room on 4th floor on the main road side, lots of sirens. Had all amenities in room. The toilet was separate from the shower and basin. It was so tiny. Think it was shoehorned into the space. The shower and sink room was very clostrophopic also no plug for the sink. Good point was the constant hot water. The concierge were helpful and pleasant but the registration desk were brusque, a smile would not go amiss. It is a good location as the tube is very near and the Brunswick centre was a good area to eat with a Waitrose and Sainsbury's close by.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Economy hotel, serves a purpose","I needed a place to stay for several weeks in London and an economy hotel filled the budget. But Tavistock Hotel is a place that needs renovation. The carpet seems to be the same as when I stayed there ages ago. The washroom definitely was fitted from the 1950s. If you want something decent, ask for a room overlooking the square, and also a room that has latest bathroom fixtures (some do). And if you want quiet, stay away from the first floor, where housekeeping seemed to conduct some general assembly meeting each morning along the corridor, with banging and loud conversation for hours, and the restaurants on the ground floor provided free entertainment. The hotel also pre-authorizes for every charge, but accounting seemed to function in the end. The concierge department worked…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mixed Bag,"I stayed here for a conference and it was quite interesting. The good - the bathroom was clean and had a great tub, the hotel is in a nice area with nearby train stops and the dining room is stylish and well decorated. The bad - with the exception of housekeeping most of the reception and dining staff here are just marking time - they do not care about making guest happy or solving problems. The food at breakfast could be considerably improved (the eggs especially) and the beds are terrible. They only have twin beds and they're not very comfortable. However if you think this is bad their sister hotel the Imperial is way worse. Also don't lose anything here - I sent an email to the hotel in November and am still awaiting a reply.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Expensive but excellent location,"The highlight of this hotel is the full English breakfast that they serve. The rooms are basic but fine and mine was warm. As I was on the top floor, I slept well, not having to hear footsteps overhead. The location is excellent, within easy walking distance of my meeting, which was very convenient. However, I was glad that the cost of my stay was being funded as staying in central London is not cheap! No newspapers at all in the lobby, which was a disappointment.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",VERY GOOD LOCATION,"It is perfect hotel if you want visit London. It is central location in front of tavistock square. 5 minutes on foot from the Subway RUSSEL SQUARE. The room is clean and quiet. The breakfast is very copious (buffet) The restaurant staff not very friendly, we cannot have everything....",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Our Stay at Tavistock,"This was our 3rd time using Tavistock Hotel. The decor is charming and the staff extremely helpful. This certainly isn't the Savoy, but the prices cannot be beat for Central London. The rooms are neat and clean. Whenever we do go back, we will continue to use this hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect stay.,Arrived at Kings cross station. Hopped on a 59 bus which stops outside the hotel. We arrived early and the receptionist found us 2 rooms that were ready so we didn’t have to wait. She even gave us 2 adjoining rooms which was ideal. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The bar sold my favourite beer. Shipyards. The dining room did an “all you can eat” buffet but it was Indian food which is my favourite but not everyone in our party like Indian food so unfortunately I didn’t get to try it but I’ll definitely be returning with my other friends who do like Indian. The breakfast was lovely. Staff were efficient but it did get rather busy so you need to get there early to avoid a queue. The staff were all amazing. The guys on the desk gave us information how to get to certain…,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Served a purpose, more than adequate","This isn't a fancy hotel by any stretch, but it's central, relatively quiet, clean, and staff are efficient, helpful and courteous.  The rooms are a little on the shabby side, and VERY HOT, but it was quiet enough to leave windows open.  There's plenty of choice for breakfast, and I'd certainly consider using this hotel in the future.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointment!,"Location is quite ideal and reception personnel is very polite.   However, I’m afraid the cleaning staff has some serious issues - not only in terms of their cleaning, but also with regard to their manners. They’ll walk in on you at any given moment without even so much as a knock on your door. They’ll apologize, but yet the same housekeeper will do it again after a few hours – and again – and again the very next day.   More importantly, the rooms are filthy; hairs inside the bathtub and all over the sink as well as the toilet. The carpets are clearly not vacuumed, as we were stepping on clumps of hair and small pieces of garbage throughout. The window sills were completely black from dirt.  Of course, we changed rooms. The second one was not as bad, but the moment you ""put your…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend break,"This place is normally frequented by our ladies but this time they decided to let us blokes go with them. It is a wonderful hotel, staff are really good, all of them, room was comfortable and clean, breakfast was fantastic and the bar area was relaxing and friendly. We had a nice view of the gardens in the square from our room. Problem with no cold water in our bathroom which I reported and it was fixed within the hour no fuss. Very convenient for all we wanted to do but nice and quiet in the evening. Would definitely go again",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"Stayed here previously and just as good this time round. Able to check in early as room was ready so plenty of time to sightsee before evening show. Clean room, comfortable bed, lovely breakfast, friendly staff. Can leave luggage for just 50p per bag after checkout. Will definitely come again. Highly recommend",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",enjoyable stay,"Just returned from a three day stay at this hotel and we were very impressed with everything. Great location,only short walk from Euston station yet in a nice area . lots of places in the area to eat and drink. We ate in the Hotels restaurant the first night as we had a free meal the first night included in the price, The poppadum express, the food was lovely and plenty of it. Our room was at the front of the hotel and although a little noisy from friday and saturday night revellers it didnt bother us too much,but it might be as well to request a room at the rear if this would be a problem. Our room was comfortable and cosy and the bed comfortable and tea and coffee facilities which is always a welcome touch. also the shower powerful and nice thick towels. The staff are amazing,…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Hotel Tavistock,Stayed Sat 29th March . A weekend in London for the Checkatrade cup final between Sunderland and Portsmouth. Room very clean and comfortable and staff very helpful . Nice buffet breakfast . 1st time here but would definitely stay again . Thank you . 👍,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasant surprise,"Stayed for two nights.  Delighted with location as could walk from KIng's Cross.  Also good for Russell Square underground station, so moving round London catered for.  Good food, pleasant surroundings, helpful staff.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Does the job,Stayed here for 3 nights with my daughter. Hotel was basic but clean and in a fantastic location.  Breakfast was ok could do to be a bit hotter but not bad.  The staff were helpful but not over friendly.  Good base for a London break at a reasonable price.,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, small rooms","The Tavistock hotel is a decent hotel.  We stayed there for 5 nights in mid March (we had 3 rooms).  The rooms were very small by American standards.  The rooms were clean, although they had an old carpet.  The beds were narrow and some of the mattresses had springs that were sticking out.  The rooms had old fashioned radiators that could not be really adjusted to temperature (it was either off or on).  I don't think there were air conditioners. The shower head in one room had to be replaced (which the hotel changed immediately upon request), and the curtins did not fully closed.   The dining room was nice enough and we had breakfast there every morning.  The breakfast (which was included in the price) could use more fresh fruits and vegetables.   The lobby has the most…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Quick break.,"Excellent location for a quick break to London. Arrived in London early and asked to leave luggage at hotel so we didn’t have to trawl it around with us. Staff were very accommodating and we were given our room even though it was only 9:00am.  Room was small and compact but clean and comfortable. Plenty of tea/coffee in the room too.  Bar was reasonably priced for the centre of London and very comfortable. Surroundings are very relaxing. Used Popadom Express for evening meal. Food was an all you can eat buffet-not truly authentic but hot, filling and very economical.  Breakfast was superb. Everything you could ask for was there. Full English, pastries, cereals, toast, yoghurt, fruit, cold meats and cheese. Staff were available to fill coffee and tea endlessly.  Thanks for a…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good,Stayed 2 nights 15-16 March. Good location. 15 minute walk from Kings Cross. 5 minute walk to Russell Square underground and 18 minute walk to Soho/Picadilly via Tottenham Court Road.. Our room 548 ok. Not huge but comfortable single beds which were adequate for a short stay. Loved the large bar with plenty of seating and very reasonably priced. Excellent buffet breakfast. The restaurant is Indian buffet which was included in our booking for the first night. Decent choice but nothing spicy however one if the staff did offer to have any dish spiced up if requested. Overall a good hotel.,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worth every penny!,"Three of us stayed in an average sized room with 3 comfortable single beds for 3 nights. The room was basic but extremely clean with good tea and coffee facilities..The shower was all powerful with loads of hot water. The separate toilet was a bonus for us 3 ladies. The complimentary first night meal was good and so was the attitude of the restaurant staff. Thanks for the warm welcome into the restaurant and also for 1 night when we decided to pay and eat in as well. Location was brilliant as we could walk everywhere to Convent garden(15mins), Camden market (20mins) etc..., and of course the massive Waitrose in 5 mins! If staying in the warmer months, I would request a fan like we did last August. There are no air con in the rooms, Would make a return visit soon",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Consistently good,"I stay in the Tavistock every time I go to London (c. 3 times a year). It is in an exceptional location in walking distance from Kings Cross. This hotel is nothing especially luxurious, apart from the art deco lobby that I really quite like, but it is clean, functional and consistently good. You will not find a better hotel in central London for this price (unless it is one of this chain's other hotels).",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Theatre trip,"Stayed for one night . Bed was sooo comfortable, and decent pillows. Bathroom a bit small but ok. Thought we'd go for early breakfast (8am) - so did everyone else! Qued 10 mins but was worth the wait. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Better than President & Bedford of the,"This hotel is much better than Bedford and President of the Imperial Hotel chain. My room was OK on the 6th floor this time and the insulation was also acceptable. (At President the wind was blowing into my room.)  The location was really fine, breakfast was OK and my room was clean.  The staff was really helpful and I liked their attitude.  This hotel is a good decision for a couple of days visit in London!",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Two night stay.,The is well situated for travel from Kings Cross train station and Russell Square underground station .The staff in all areas of the hotel were very polite and helpful particularly the breakfast room staff. The only complaint i have is my room that was on the 8th floor was very hot at night although the windows were opened a little it had no effect.I will stay here again without a second thought.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",2 week stay,"This was our first stay at the Tavistock.   We found the front desk staff efficient and helpful with our requests.  The room was rather small but very clean and adequate.   Breakfast was plentiful and the staff very accommodating.   The hotel has a comfortable bar and the drinks are very reasonably priced.   All in all i would be surprised if you can get a better deal in this part of London, which by the way, is conviently located for both shoppers and culture vultures!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You’ll never get a good night’s sleep here.,"its 1am. The sound of a bass is blasting through my walls, and my floor. I called the front desk to complain about the loud music. They told me it’s coming from the basement. I am four stories above that and I can hear it as though it’s coming from next door. He says he can hear it too. But there is nothing they can do about it. They are licensed to carry on like this until 3am. He is nonchalant. Does not care. Does not apologize.   I have been here three nights, and have slept a total of 12 hours across all of them.   Do yourself a favour and pay the extra £30 for a better hotel in a better location. Especially if you’re here on business.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely hotel.,Brilliant hotel. Very clean. The Food is lovely and the staff are really helpful. Our room was spacious and comfortable. Impressive for a 3 star hotel. There was a fire alarm at 4am and the staff acted promptly and efficiently. However I spoke to other guests at breakfast who told me that the 5th floor never heard the alarm. Whether this is factual I cannot confirm however I would like to think everyone was evacuated safely.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel for the price,"I was in London for the weekend. The location was ideal. Underground was nearby and close to the centre. Hotel itself was good for the price, basic but good. The staff was always Very friendly. One night we got a wrong pizza for our order and They helped us get a new pizza. Recommendable hotel!",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","First TIme Visit, Would Go Back","Recommended the hotel by friends and family and was really impressed. Staff very helpful. Only needed the room to sleep, wash and change and did what I needed it for. Bit of noise from the bowling alley downstairs but in the middle of London at a weekend, this was to be expected. No issues and will be going back. Love the décor too ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Don’t waste your money!!,"Stopped in this hotel twice now, absolute terrible!  Noisy, the walls are so thin so can hear everything the people next door are saying. Not clean, need to give it a good scrub! The shower pressure doesn’t exists, it’s like it’s dribbling on you, it stops and starts constantly.   If you think it’s a good price, don’t waste your time or money. Book another hotel and pay the extra.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Stay,"Everything from the start of our visit was dealt with by the hotel team in a very professional manner and this made our stay fantastic. We had to extend our visit at the last minute and the booking team dealt with this in such away that we could keep our room throughout our stay. The breakfast team was really great and the food excellent, with everything you could want available and well stocked up. The restaurant team really made you feel that they were excited you were here and did find time to talk and laugh with you if you wished. Well done. The rooms were very comfortable and well maintained in all areas. The cost of staying at this hotel did not reflect the exceptional service we received and we thought offers really good value for money. The bar prices and food we had…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good Location, friendly staff, the hotel is a little tired.","This is the first time we have stayed at the Tavistock Hotel. Great location for everywhere we wanted to visit. Very helpful staff. The room was a little run down and needed renovations, but perfectly fine for a two night stay in London.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Standards ,"We stayed at the Tavistock hotel for new year, it was wonderful to see that the hotel standards are still as high as they were the last time we stayed.  They have certainly upped their game since the last time we stayed, the breakfast was extremely pleasant and appetising- sadly the coffee was not pleasant to drink this time but that’s a minor thing. All in all this has to be the best hotel for the price in London. You can keep your institutional type of hotels - this hotel has enormous mounds of character and history and is still amazing.. thank you Tavistock staff for keeping it real.. We will see you again in April!!",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short trip,"This is the first time I have stayed at The Tavistock and I would definitely stay again. I had a lovely room overlooking the gardens, the bed was comfortable, as I'm a bath person over a shower I was delighted there was one in the ensuite. Lots of hot water, fresh towels, radiator to heat the room. Staff were friendly and the breakfast was plentiful and tasty, especially the scrambled eggs and the hash browns!! Once the windows were closed i didn't hear a thing from the busy road outside. So handy too for Russell Square and Euston stations. I stayed at The President the last time I was in London but much prefer The Tavistock.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",fair priced quality hotel,"Have just recently had an overnight stay at this hotel.  Previously stayed here about 15 years ago and was impressed with the refurbishment that has taken place and so pleased that the art decor has been kept in tact.  Staff friendly and helpful and breakfast was good and a varied choice.  One negative point do not understand why woolly blankets are still being used on the beds, after such a good refurbishment why not go for new bedding/duvets.    A good central hotel for walking to Euston station and the West End.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Second times a charm!,"We had one complaint the last time we stayed here and that was the frugal continental breakfast. Well that's all changed for the better, they have lifted their game and now have a wonderfull continental breakfast. Fantastic position near two tube stations, bus stop just around the corner next to the minimart. Fantastic staff, all very helpful, nothing is too much trouble. We had a nice clean room overlooking the square, plenty of power outlets, tea and coffee and good wifi. The bath was a bit high for the shower and a bit slippery, also the shower curtain had a habit of sticking to you. All in all it was great for the money!",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Never ever again.,"Its 1.10 am and I have an early start tomorrow. But I can make out every song from the music being played in the bar two floors below. Seriously? Clearly they value the bar spend more than the satisfaction of residents. That and the three star food hygiene rating on the door are enough for me. Might skip breakfast. Oh, and the newish double glazed windows that are supposed to keep noise out and heat in, are clearly warping in their frames, and doing neither well. Won't be back.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fine,"The hotel is a typical old fashioned establishment in London. Yes it could do with a refurbishment, the rooms a decor are dated and tired but they were clean and comfortable.  The staff I engaged with were very pleasant and professional.  The floor plan for the rooms was a bit confusing but I was only there one night.  I had breakfast, it could do with a better fresh/frozen fruit offer but the cooked breakfast was very nice and the coffee was drinkable.  The location is handy to Euston station and therefore easy to get about London but if your have a room on the road side it could get noisy.  My only big complaint was the toilet and bathroom are separate, and there was no wash hand basin in the toilet - so not very hygienic   But overall I would stay again",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",geocaching,as usual no problems we have stayed at this hotel every year for last 6yrs every one happy to help all rooms clean we had problems with kettle which took minuets to resolve  always a real good breakfast not a lot more I can say back there in a month,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",New Year’s Eve ,"We come here twice a year & our family love this hotel, it’s very clean & the staff are friendly.     We choose this hotel because it’s not far from the main attractions.    The hotel is a much nicer place to stay more so because of the revamp of the main entrance/ dining room & 2 levels of rooms.  We as a family couldn’t fault this hotel & would definitely recommend it to family & friends 👍🏻    Looking forward to July when we next visit 😁",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",New year stay,"Our favourite hotel, Me & my husband always stay here when we come for New Year’s Eve 👍🏻    I genuinely carnt fault this hotel as it’s very clean in all areas & the staff are always polite & ready to help no matter how small the query.😀   The breakfast is my favourite part as there’s more than enough to choose from.   I honestly feel this hotel doesn’t get the credit that it’s due.   I would highly recommend this hotel.👌🏻       Also it’s only a bus trip away from all the main attractions & shops 👏🏻 ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Once again 4*,"Tavistock Hotel once again should receive 4* grade for me. We've been welcomed with so nice staff ready to help in any matter. No worries about anything. This time I've also checked them and ordered the letter to the 🏨. I've got them at reception desk on the day of my arrival. It's pretty nice because I am a guide so sometimes it is necessary to collect such things. This year the second and third floor has been refreshed, so the rooms looks amazing. Also the restaurant is absolutely top one. Great location in London, reasonable prices, what could you expect more?",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Trip to London ,"Hotel was in a good location close to Russell Square tube station on the Piccadilly line! Hotel itself was good for the price and included continental breakfast. Room was a decent size and the shower was amazing- really powerful!  Main down fall was the noise outside! We were on the 5th floor , We were woken at 3.15am each night due to the noise outside - the commotion continued til around 4am so couldn’t get back to sleep! There are a number of bars that must kick out at 3am! Such a shame as we would have def booked again if we could get a good nights sleep!! I am soooo tired after spending 2 nights at the Tavistock hotel! ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"In London for the holiday.  I picked this location because it was easy to get to other areas, nearby to tube stops.  The price was quite reasonable, decent sized room, private bathroom.  They actually upgraded me to a lovely view of Tavistock Square, and they let me check in early which was great.  The price included breakfast, modest but sufficient for sure.  The wifi was fine.  No safe in the room but you can get a box downstairs for £1/2 per day.  The staff was pleasant and helpful. I would certainly recommend this as a good value for the price.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Belgians on Tour,"First of all, we arrived quite early at the hotel but they already had a room free for us, which was highly appreciated.  They told us that all rooms where renovated, but I wonder in what year that was ;-) ...  Room was ok, but the double bed was really really small (I'm 1.85m tall and my feet came well out of the bed...).  My wife and I are used to have some space in our bed, but therefor you better request 2 single beds in this hotel I guess. Location is fine, about 5min walk to Russel Square underground.   Breakfast was good, English orientated and tasty!",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What a difference a few months makes,"I stayed here myself in July this year and was very pleased with the hotel. This time I was with my partner and although the room was okay the breakfast was a shambles.  Breakfast was disorganised, tables were littered with dirty dishes and difficult to get a clean table to sit at. The food choice is good but not very hot and some items did not appear to be cooked properly.  Not sure if I would use this hotel again unless they have a room-only rate or breakfast improves ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Personally... surprising,"Well probably quite too late for a personal review, as I stayed for a night in the hotel on October 2018 (walk in without prior booking). Walking distance to the St Pancras / Kings Cross station. I was greeted by a friendly staff, suggesting me to book online for a more competitive price. There was also a trainee staff who looked nervous but very friendly tho. A pleasant check-in experience.  I stayed on the 8th floor; in a quiet single room with a garden view. My concern was on the squeaky corridor as I walked to my room. No AC but it was not in summer. Clean old room, nice shower/bathroom as I were in my own room. My sleep - I had not expected that I would have a quality sleep despite the springy mattress.  Proper breakfast. Despite a busy morning, the staff maintained their…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Standards have slipped,"Visited this hotel last year on recommendation.  Everything that was good about it last year was awful this time.  I can only describe the experience at breakfast as chaotic, no organisation and rude staff.  I couldn’t wait to get out of there.  This could so easily be sorted with a little leadership and interest.  Very disappointed ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Decent stay and value,"I arrived on Nov 23rd, early. I had booked 3 nights in a single at their then remarkable deal (stay a Sunday and get 10% off entire stay). Before I arrived, I emailed requesting a fridge.  I arrived at the hotel at 10 AM realizing I may not be able to check in.  Not only did they let me check in, they had a large (twin room) in the back with a fridge!  I couldn't of been more happier especially having just gotten off a red-eye flight from the states. The room was on the 6th floor and fairly quiet. One night I heard some noise on the street at about 3 AM but nothing I couldn't fall back to sleep too.   Also, the bath/shower was awesome.  Typical huge English deep and long bathtub. Plenty of hot water.  The room definitely looked like it had been refreshed.  My only complaint was…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mr,A good place close to the British Museum.  Will definitely recommend and we will stay here again. Slight confusion over the room type but the staff friendly and helpful. Breakfast a little crowded- so next time we will go elsewhere.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Winter break,"Had a lovely time in London. The Tavistock hotel is well situated not far from Euston station which was handy. Our room was ver basic but ok for 2 nights. We had a complimentary evening evening meal the first night in the Indian restaurant, this was ok. Breakfast was very good although it did get very busy after 9am. The bar was very good and comfortable. Most staff were nice and helpful. We left our bags on the last day for a small price of 50p per bag until we ready to collect for journey home. We will return again. Thank you.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An adequate little stay for our needs,"Adeqaute hotel located near Russell Square where there is always plenty happening around you. Hotel reception was efficient, room was lovely  with tea and coffee facilities, TV and a hair drier. I stayed in room 342 where we had a single bed and a separate double bed. The heating works well and I slept like a log on both nights. Room view is not fantastic but I wasnt there to look out of the window. Breakfast was adequate but on both occasions when we dined there the breakfast was luke warm and we complained to the serving staff who promptly brought out hot food. I would stay again but would prefer a warm / hot english breakfast",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, great staff and the shower was beautiful.","From the moment I entered the Tavistock hotel, I was looked after.  I have issues with my balance and can only walk a few yards without a wall to hold on to.  A member of staff came across to help me and took me to my room.  A huge bed, lots of space for personal items and an armchair to sit in.  Well, once I'd unpacked I just had to try that bed.  ""Just five minutes"" I said, but a good hour later I realised I'd better go round to the corner shop.  Maurice, one of the staff, asked if I was okay and I asked him for directions.  He said he'd look out for me coming back and help me back into the lift.  A lovely young lady who was waiting for her friends asked if she could help me.  She walked down to the shop with me and was so patient while I made my choices.  I'm shy of eating in…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Just the job,Great location for a city break. 5 minutes walk from Euston Station. Easy walk. 15 minutes walk from Leicester Square & Piccadilly. Rooms are fine & breakfast was excellent. I’d recommend and I’d revisit,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Talexa,"Would highly rate the Tavistock Hotel for overall amenities, friendliness of staff and value for money. Within easy reach of Euston rail station. Basic rooms, but comfortable and clean. Will use again for our next London visit.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Four nights at the Tavistock Hotel,"  Have stayed here many times.  Very good value for money, great location, well staffed, good breakfast. By London prices this should probably be considered a budget option but doesn't feel like it. Rooms are nice, staff are polite and attentive. The bar area is quite plush and a nice place to start the evening or end the day. The hotel is ideally located for anyone arriving at Euston Station (ten minutes walk) and a good tourist base, if you don't mind walking then all the major central London attractions can be reached on foot, otherwise there are a number of nearby tube stations.  ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Adequate, reasonable value and good location","The title of this review says it all really. The price is actually not at all bad for central London. Rooms are adequate, if a little tired. Basic free wi-fi (faster available for a supplement). Breakfast is a buffet, with a production line help yourself cooked breakfast (usual sort of thing - inevitably overdone fried eggs, cheapish sausages, bacon, beans, hash browns and tomatoes all fine; plus the usual basic continental style stuff). All nothing particularly to write home about. BUT it's main advantage is its location, with excellent underground link,  and particularly useful bus routes.   Taken overall then, the whole overall package is why we use it as our London base, and will continue to do so.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",out dated,"Recently stayed at the Tavistock through Hayes travel. I read the reviews and expected a basic but good hotel. We only went down once  for breakfast we skipped the evening meal and breakfast on our first day.  Breakfast was basic but ok. Staff are helpful. Building work was going on constantly for two days. Only one lift was working. We stayed on floor 8 and waited a age for the one lift. Fire Extinguisher was hanging off the wall. The floor creeks on ever pace. All of this can be forgiven. The room was not up to the price we paid. A travel lodge would of been a palace. The room must be 20 years old. flaking paint, old windows and taps. rusting radiator pipes. The matress was very firm and i could feel the springs. The ex army sheets and drain smell in the bathroom made me…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad for London,"I have been to this hotel frequently because it is well loceted for my purpose nd the price/quality ration is good overall. The rooms are in order, clean, suffiently lrge without being spacious, and the sleep quality is ok. There is not much noise as long as one avoids rooms with connecting doors. The breakfast is good. Nothing fancy but good honest quality that gets one moving for the day. Avoid rush hours not to keep waiting in a queue. The evening restaurant, an Indian style buffet, is just nothing to write home about. Little choice and poor service. Just avoid.  A better than average place to sleep in a good and well connected location, but do not expect more. The about 100 GBP for a single room (123 double) per night are reasonable for London conditions, which are always…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",overnight stay,"What a find..recommended by a friend this ticked all our boxes.  We had a very comfortable stay.  We had a triple room on the 7th floor facing the rear. The room was spacious and had everything we needed. Blankets instead of duvets which we like, those lovely velvety American blankets. We could hear the lift but it didn't disturb us, we slept well. .  We had ear plugs just in case knowing that London is busy and can be noisy. The breakfast provided us with a good selection to set us up for the day. Location perfect for mainline and tube stations , a pleasant walk to Camden Lock too. A pleasant stay at a good price. I will be back.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tina Turner Story,"Hotel was very well situated near Euston Station .Clean everywhere ,beds comfy breakfast good.Mark on reception was excellent very helpful accredited to the hotel . Would we stop again...yes we would!",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,This hotel is fantastic for the price! Located close to tube and bus links! As already mentioned it can be noisy at the front of the building .... but no noisier than any once central hotel in a capital city??,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very pleasant and comfortable hotel in heart of Bloomsbury,"Very pleasant and comfortable hotel in heart of Bloomsbury; great room, breakfast, evening eating, etc; close to buses and Euston Station, also to Tavistock Square; friendly service, great rapport with staff esp in Indian eatery",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fair for the price,"Just had a 2 Night break through superbreak with the free meal on first night. Room a little small and not most comfortable bed but ok for the 2 nights. Got to say can't understand what people complain about the meals. The free indian buffet was lovely and the chicken very tender. Usually at buffets the curry is too spicy, but I'm a wimp, but here all were lovely and the breakfasts were lovely. Nothing to complain about. The staff never stop and tables are cleared as soon as empty and they come round with extra tea and coffee.Food replenished frequently. Hotel in a good place for getting around London. Bar was a lovely place and reasonably priced for hotel bars! Would definitely  use again.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Noisy hotel,"If you want to sleep above a bowling alley with people shouting and smoking outside your room at 2.30 on a Thursday morning this is the hotel for you.  Welcome to Ibiza in July.  Hotel manager and phone line totally uninterested.  Very poor service and no sleep.  Best advise, stay somewhere else",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Clean, comfortable budget accommodation in a good location for exploring London ","Quaint hotel overlooking Tavistock Square Gardens. Our room on the top floor was quite small, but had a lovely view over the gardens, and while dated, was clean and comfortable.  Our room rate included breakfast, which was ok but nothing to write home about. However, it was certainly convenient before we had to leave for an early flight.   Located about 5 minutes walk from Russell Square and Euston tube stations, the Tavistock is easy to get to and a good base from which to see London.  The staff were welcoming and polite, and all-in-all we had an enjoyable stay.   While definitely not the Ritz, the Tavistock is a clean, well located hotel for travellers on a budget who just need a comfy bed and a central base to get out and about to explore everything else London has to offer.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfectly fine,"I ended up here because of a mistake on a well known booking site which left me stranded in Euston with no hotel room at 10pm.  These guys were very helpful and welcoming.  I can’t imagine what people are expecting from a hotel in central London at €90, but it’s spotlessly clean and perfectly fine. If you want luxury you need to spend a whole lot more money! The rooms are a decent size, beds are new enough, sheets clean and pressed, bathroom clean and water pressure great, breakfast pretty good as well. I liked it.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"It seems the prices for this hotel stay fairly steady unlike some hotel prices that fluctuate almost daily.  Hotel rooms are fairly cheap and this is reflected in the accommodation.  Check in and check out (reception) was good, the public areas are clean and presentable.  The location is good for Euston (you can leave your bags for later pick up if necessary). The room was very basic but still had tea/coffee.  Wifi was a problem, I could not connect.  Breakfast was somewhat chaotic.  Service was poor and inattentive.  Food was just about okay but clearly cheaper end of the scale.  The room was busy and it seemed the staff could not cope.  Tables remained cluttered, customers waiting for coffee or service.  This area needs attention.  All in all it was a cheap stay in a cheap…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap not cheerful ,"Room dated, beds are on wheels with very old fashioned bedding.   Welcomed to breakfast by a friendly older gentleman however everyone else on the floor looked miserable. There was no fresh fruit at breakfast and when I enquired a lady pointed me in the direction of yoghurt. Berries arrived but unfortunately they were still frozen.  The bonus was the location and the price. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Adequate Hotel, Great Location","We have stayed several times at the Tavistock and it is adequate.  The room was clean and quiet, but too warm (surprisingly as it was Oct., after all).  The desk gave us a fan which ran for the entire 3 days we were there.  The best thing about this hotel is that it is in the heart of Bloomsbury which makes it very easy to navigate London.  The area is great for walking as well.  Our stay included the continental breakfast which was plentiful and quite varied.  We will be staying at the Tavistock again.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One night in Lodon,"Have just visited London to see the musical Motown. Stayed at the Tavistock Hotel overnight. The hotel was extremely good the rooms although not massive were adequate and very clean and tidy. The price included a free breakfast which was good on choice and extremely well presented, the staff were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a reasonably priced hotel to stay.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Wonderful,"Lovely stay. Check in was swift and everything I needed to know was explained. Every staff member I came across within the hotel was very welcoming, polite and couldn't do anything more for me. One exceptional member of staff, who was a trainee in the restaurant (Bindu, I think her name was) was particularly attentive, could see I was alone and made the extra effort to make conversation with me, which made my stay more exceptional.  I got a free evening meal (buffet) on my first night, I went down towards the end of service due to my late arrival, so there was limited choice but still plenty and of good quality.  Breakfast was also buffet and pretty standard. My pillows were hard, asked for softer ones but was informed that the hotel only had one style of pillows. The night…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London jewel!!!,Visiting London this quaint hotel was just perfect.  Clean and friendly staff.  Close to all the requirements needed when going on holiday.  Will definitely book again on our next visit in the future.  Thanks for the memories... ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Second Stay.....Disappointed!,"This was the second time I stayed at the Tavistock (check out our previous review), this time as a solo traveler. I stayed for two nights in a single room on a fourth floor corner room facing the inside square of the hotel. Still having the room in mind we stayed in several months ago, I was shell-shocked when I entered the single room. The first thing that came to mind was ‘I’m 18 again and staying at the local YMCA.’  The outlay and atmosphere of the room was depressing. It felt like someone had randomly put stuff into a room. The bed was too short and too narrow. The lights were strip lights like in an old shop or office. The fridge door was filthy, so was the TV remote. The shower/bath tub felt like it was from the 19th century. How come there is such a huge difference…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Art Deco hotel in convenient location,"Stopped for 1 night on a short break to London.  Close to Kings Cross/St Pancras and Euston stations.  Lovely Art Deco style and welcoming staff.  There were 3 of us and we were allocated a disabled room with plenty of space for us all.  The price we paid included a full breakfast and for the hotels position in central London (walking distance to British Museum etc.) we thought it was good value.  We didn't unfortunately have a view overlooking Tavistock Square but for one night it wasn't a problem.  Bags can be left before check in and after check out times, handy for coming from any of the above mentioned stations.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Birthdays,Checked in at the Tavistock last weekend till Monday 29 th October.Hotel lovely and accomodation great . I have stayed here several times over the years and think its perfectly situated from the town but close enough by tube . Food great staff friendly .,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, just minutes from Kings Cross and British Museum.","Had a two night stay at the Tavistock Hotel, with a 3 course meal on the first night. Self service, buffet style breakfast, sets you up for the day's exploration. Great value for money. A few minutes walk to the British Museum, easy walking distance to Covent Garden, Leicester Square and even walked to the Apollo, Victoria, passing Buckingham Palace on the way, to see 'Wicked'. This is the third time we've stayed at the Imperial Group of hotels. Rooms may be basic and the decor a little dated, but they are clean, warm and comfortable. The staff are very friendly and efficient. Would recommend it to anyone who needs a base from which to explore the sights of London.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London Weekend ,"We recently spent a weekend in London staying at the Tavistock Hotel. The hotel has a perfect location 10 minutes walk from Euston Station and Russell Square tube the view from the front of the hotel is Tavistock Square Park. The pleasantly decorated rooms have everything you need at a reasonable price, The restaurant has been recently refurbished to a high standard and choice of buffet breakfast is very good. It's not the first time we have stayed in this hotel and will certainly not be the Last would highly recommend ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Suited us well,"Stayed for just one night and were very satisfied. Rooms small but with all we needed like tea and coffee making facilities, tv, basic toiletries and hair dryer. Reception staff very helpful. Paid 50p to leave our bags on day of check out so we could explore London without them. Ideal location for theatres if you like a short walk. We walked everywhere! Well located for the Mail Rail exhibit. Breakfast was good, hot and cold items provided buffet style. Toaster took forever though! Would stay again. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What a fantaatic weekend,We have just got home from a lovely weekend in london we stayed at the tavistock hotel and it was lovely. Such a lovely hotel its staff cannot do enough for you and are always on hand should you need anything. The bar and refurbed dining room are lovely. We will be back and will definatly recommend the tavistock to family and freinds. Well done to all the staff you all are truly amazing thank you for a lovely memorable weekend xxxx,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Still exceptionally good value,"This was our second stay at the Tavistock and we were certainly not disappointed. The location is so convenient and, yes, the rooms are small, but they are clean and comfortable with plenty of storage space, and have a good shower.  Toiletries and tea and coffee are replenished daily and the towels are large and soft.   All the staff are unfailingly pleasant and helpful and breakfast is very good.   Since we last visited the restaurant has been revamped and it is a huge improvement (not that I had any complaints before!).   I just can’t fault this hotel for superb value for money and we will certainly choose the Tavistock when we next visit London.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Close to Intl. Train Station.,"The Tavistock Hotel is close to the St. Pancras International Train Staition, a few steps away from underground train stations and on walking distance to Oxford Street and Covent Garden. Rooms are great for the location, the price and perfect for a stay of a couple of days. They are quite basic, but clean and have a private bathroom and free wifi. Breakfast (English) is okay. I guess that the value for money is very good. Staff is friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The Nokia 3310 of London Hotels!,"Imagine using a Nokia 3310 in 2018.  It would look out of date and weathered.  Nothing fancy and some, less in the know, may turn their nose up at you.  At first glance, the Tavistock could be placed into a similar category.    But do not be too hasty, ladies and gents.  What this place lacks in outgoing personality, it certainly makes up for in comfort, service and above all, location!  The room is basic.  The decor reminds me of the kind of place I see in my dreams where I lock up people that use phrases such as “totes awk” and when something happens to them they “literally can’t even.”  You know the kind.  At £70 a night, you aren't choosing this for the plush towels, Egyptian cotton sheets and the widescreen TV though.  Oh no.  You embrace the lack of overall quality as the…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"Small rooms, but quiet and wih a good location. Breakfast is ok, bar and restarant on site, seems fine, didn't use them. Good pubs and a little shopping in a 5 min. radius. 15 min. walk from Oxford street, 10 min. from British museum",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great stay,"Never stayed here before and very impressed with the service an accommodation for the price I paid. All the staff were lovely and helpful and the hotel had a really good feel to it. Great value for central London, will definitely use again when I come down to London.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not too bad,"Let's face it it's a budget hotel in London and you pay your money you take your choice ,and frankly you can't go wrong the hotel still has some original styling ,the room we had overlooked the little park and was reasonably quiet it was nice and clean with tea and coffee facilities maybe a shortage of wall  sockets to charges things the shower was nice with plenty of hot water . The food was pretty good .I'd never pay 'London prices 'to stay in London again .for those who like to walk and explore it's close to every form of transport to get you around and there's lots of places to eat and shop within a short walk overall well worth the 4 with quite a lot of night priced hotels on the doorstep . Definatly use it again ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Does the job for value & location,"Walking distance to Euston, Kings Cross  & St Pancreas. Great for an overnight stay before travelling on. I was here for a few nights when in London for business. Bloomsbury & Camden are walkable for things to do, there are good bars within a 5 minute stroll, the local area feels safe. I walked in to Central London every morning within 30 minutes. The staff at the hotel are great & unusually these days, there are plenty of them. Yes, the decor is a bit dated, but for location, service & price it is hard to beat. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disgruntled,Regularly visit this hotel with work.. Loyalty means nothing in this place.. Stuck in small room overlooking kitchen roof where work goes on all night... Not a pleasant night at all and would recommend sleeping in the park,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",room for gay pride,"stopped here for the night on gay pride clean beds basic room but very clean hotel staff great helpful and breakfast great lots of it ,just a bit dated needs bringing up to 2018 ,will and have stayed here three times bathroom clean lounges are up to date just the rooms are not.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",1 night stat,"Stayed here for a Saturday night to incorporate a football game and a night away with my dad. Very friendly staff, checked in quickly. I had a twin room which was very spacious. Felt a touch warm but I opened the windows and that helped cool the place down. Clean and tidy room with plenty storage space. Tea and coffee making facilities, hairdryer, plenty towels and toiletries. I didn’t spend an awful lot of time in the room but it was comfortable for my needs and the bed was extremely comfy. Powerful shower and lovely towels in the bathroom. Great breakfast, plenty choice, good quality produce.  All staff that I encountered were friendly and helpful.  The hotel is handily placed for all travel requirements to get around the city and is within easy walking distance of Euston.…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"I stayed at the Tavistock Hotel so I could catch an early Eurostar. The staff couldn’t have been more welcoming.  The room was a good size and spotlessly clean, if a little warm - but opening the window soon dealt with that. A very comfortable bed - sadly I couldn’t try the breakfast as I had to leave before 7 to catch a train, but they do allow you to use their sister hotel for a continental breakfast from 6 if need be. Special mention for the Woolf & Whistle bar - very nice, lovely home cooked pie and the best pint of London Pride I’ve had in years. Recommended.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Apart from the shower everything is very ""tired"" and badly in need of updating. Room very small, no A/C and very basic. Poor value for money in comparison to other London hotels. Not many good restaurants in immediate vicinity.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Lovely clean rooms and friendly reception, cleaning and portering staff BUT whatever has happened in the restaurant?","Often stay here and nearly always pleased with the place.  The recent refresh of the dining room (breakfasts, etc) seems to have got rid of the lovely staff and replaced them with sneery slow guys who just kept calling out to one another about how long they would have to work before they could get off duty.  Not nice and no people skills at all.  tables only half laid for later guests and reluctant service to put things right.  Coffee was HORRID and 'fresh fruit' just out of the freezer.  Come on guys, please, let's see you back to normal soon",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value and Location,"We booked this as part of a Superbreak deal, which included Train travel.  The hotel is close to both Euston and Kings Cross railway stations.  Check In was straight forward and staff were polite and helpful.  Our room didn't have aircon and sleeping with the window open was a little noisy.  Will ask for an even numbered room next time.  That said, nothing else wrong with the room, which was cleaned every day.  Plenty of choice of breakfast.  Some dishes not as hot as we would have liked, probably down to the dated lamp heaters.  Nothing wrong with the food itself, or the choice.  Very helpful staff in the dining room.  Superbreak deals include free first night dinner at one of Imperial's local 4 hotels.  We stayed at the Tavistock for the Indian Buffet.  It was terrible.  My…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Become a bit of a regular but...,"Staying here yet again and I’ve become very fond of this place. Is it the best hotel in London, no. Most luxurious, no. But the value for money is great and the staff are lovely people.   Working on the closure this weekend at Euston Railways Station and I didn’t get to check in until 6am this morning. That meant I bundled half asleep into the breakfast hall at 10:15am when breakfast service finishes at 10am.   I apologised to the staff and asked if I could just have a couple of Danish and leave. The guy at the door wouldn’t hear of it and within a couple of minutes I had a full english breakfast with fresh cooked eggs, piping hot toast, coffee & orange juice  THATS what makes this place my favourite hotel in London",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Improvements,"The ""Tavi"" always delivers. This time I noticed improvements in the lobby area and bar, and the breakfast room has been restructured. Also the breakfast seemed to have gone up a notch. I already have another visit planned.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",First hotelexperience  in London in 1979,"My family with one daughter of 2 years then, visited London in springtime 1979. We stayed one week at Tavistock Hotel and it was first visit to my wife and daughter in England. This visit meant a lot when we had chance to move to London  for work. We stayed in London for 4 years. Our son was born in 1980 and both children went to school soon after arrival in 1983. After left England  we all visit London regularly  and at least once a year ever since.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Generally good value but dire in the hot weather,I’ve stayed here a few times and generally thought it was reasonable value even though it wins no prizes for elegance or luxury.  But this time I stayed during the hot weather spell and I’m swearing I will never stay here again as my room is like an oven and impossible to sleep. Just as they provide heating surely every room should have a fan. But I was told they only had a limited number of these and it’s a case of first come first served. Sorry Tavistock you’ve let me down badly and I cannot afford to have any more sleepless nights.,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely stay,We stayed here  for 4 nights and we found the hotel to be very good . It's  a little bit dated but the rooms were clean and comfortable. The bar area is nice and the breakfast food was fine. Staff were pleasant . The rooms were very hot  but the staff gave us  fans on request. The location is great with lots of nice coffee shops and restaurants nearby  It's  also a pleasant walk into Leicester square or Covent Garden. All in all I have to say I would stay again.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect for solo traveler,"I was traveling from Manchester to the Netherlands by train and did the overnight stay at this hotel. It perfectly situated on the center area. The location is within walking distance from London Euston and St. Pancras-King's Cross Station. I could manage to visit The British Museum the next day in the morning while catching my international train on time due to its strategic location. Had a good night sleep here. The price is reasonable. Their English breakfast was also classy. I was warmly greeted by the reception and the restaurant staffs. The room was clean, tidy, well maintained, and the hallway from the elevators area to the room was a bit deserted. To reach my room from the elevator is like entering the maze. Placing decorative ornaments, lights, or paintings in the…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great stay,"This hotel is in a fantastic location a short walk from Euston station with Covent Garden a nice stroll away. Russell Square underground station is also very near. The hotel is clean and comfortable, staff friendly and efficient. The bar is good and there is a little outside terrace. Breakfast is good, I was a little disappointed they have stopped doing the fish and in all my visits to this and the President hotel I have never had a soft fried egg - must be difficult to do! As we were there in the middle of a very hot spell it was slightly uncomfortable as there is no air conditioning in the bedrooms and with the windows open rather noisy - but hey for the price this is not a complaint. I would definitely stay here again when next in London- get practising with the eggs! ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic staff and very accessible for disabled people.,"We arrived on Tuesday after 1pm and we were welcomed by lovely staff. I had booked a disabled accessible room which was fantastic. The room was very spacious and left plenty of room for mobility scooter. The bathroom had a walk in type shower with a stool. Every time we went downstairs, the concierge put the ramp outside for me without having to be asked and up on return, he was there waiting. The only downside is the lack of plug sockets in the room. I would recommend this hotel and we will most definitely be booking again.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another Great Stay,"I love this hotel & have stayed now on 3 occasions.  The price is good, the location excellent & the rooms/space are better than expected for the price paid in a central London hotel.  Our bedding and towels were changed daily & the hospitality tray replenished.  The breakfast in a pleasant dining room offers a good choice for all requirements.   Lovely little Russell Square is directly opposite the hotel, bus stops are close by too and a short walk takes you onto Euston Road with many more transport links for London sightseeing.  The staff in the hotel are pleasant and very helpful. On our stay we visited newly developed Pancras Square & Granary Square (to the side & behind Kings Cross station). We also visited the Sky Garden in the Walkie Walkie building near Borough…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",rude bar staff with attitude - they let down the hotel,"Generally OK, been a regular for over 25 years, often at BMA conferences over the road, so the hotel is handy. The hotel has undergone several welcomed refurbishments in the public areas and the breakfast offer is better but still needs improving in regard to hygiene. Unfortunately the Woolf and Whistle bar staff lets the hotel down, Mr. Walduck and his sons down in many aspects. The staff were extremely rude, not interested or keen to serve customers – more interested in texting, talking or leaving the bar talking with other hotel staff. Overall very poor and the customer service needs improving urgently, as well as, the quality and hygiene of the food – very poor.  . I waited for more than 30 minutes for food and the bar was quiet. Tables were dirty. Top marks for the cleaners…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Poor,"Upon our arrival at The Tavistock Hotel, we were greeted by friendly receptionists, who informed us that we could check in. We knew when we booked the rooms we could check in at 12. We booked 3 rooms (2 doubles and a triple), we were able to check in the double rooms and got our keys. However we were not able to check in the triple, the receptionist told us we could check that one in at 2. We all went to the two rooms to chill out until 2, we put off all plans until we could check in the last room.  We went down at 2 to check if the room was ready, however they told us it wasn’t ready and that we couldn’t check in until 3:30. We were annoyed that we put off our plans and told that we couldn’t get things ready in our rooms.  Once we checked into the final room we checked the…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Reasonable price for what and where it is, excellent location, amiable staff, generous buffet breakfast.","I came here because the hotel I usually stay at in Marylebone when travelling with my wife wanted to charge me an absurdly exorbitant price for a single room -- in fact, about three times (and without breakfast) the very reasonable £88 (inclusive of a generous range of buffet-style breakfast selections from a full English breakfast down) charged by the Tavistock. While the Tavistock is not going to win any prizes for elegance or quaintness -- it's large and rather institutional, the rooms are somewhat tired and not air-conditioned (a major factor given this summer's heatwave), and the public areas have the generic plasticity of large chain hotels -- it offers very good value by London standards, especially given its cleanness, the convenience of the location (central…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A welcoming and practical hotel with a great breakfast,"Needing to be in London between a late Eurostar and a family visit I stayed at the Tavistock on a long-standing recommendation from a friend.  The hotel is v convenient for KX/stP, reception staff are lovely as are the bar staff.  It was warm (not heat wave) so when asked about my choice of room I asked for the coolest option and was given a room on the 3rd floor looking inwards.  The room was large and not over-fussy, the wall-mounted TV in the bedroom was small which was perfect for me but perhaps not for all potential guests.  I liked the bathroom but it could be updated. Breakfast was great, you can’t eat a Full English every day but I appreciated both the personal attention from the hosts and the self-service buffet.  Cliched though it may sound, I also liked the « tea and…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for such a central location in an expensive city,"Stayed with siblings in May for a family event.   The location is perfect as the Piccadilly Line goes straight from Heathrow (from where we had flown).   They seem to keep their prices the same which is a great advantage.  Though the hotel has probably seen better days - the staff are lovely, the breakfast is fine and we had a nice Indian meal in their indian restaurant on the ground floor.    The location is super.  We could walk to the British museum, bus to Oxford Street and tubes to wherever we liked.   Without a doubt I would just book this again.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good for a 2 star hotel,"My second summertime stay at the Tavistock yielded a room on a much higher floor actually overlooking the garden. The twin room was kept immaculate, the room cleaned well on a daily basis.  The minuses were the breakfast (burnt coffee), with occasional long lines for seating (but bear in mind this is a two star hotel). The second issue is the lack of air conditioning in the unusual heat of this summer's London. But for AC, you would need to pay for a 3 star hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Below average.,"I had no choice; it was booked and paid by the school which invited me for a lecture. When I checked in, I was really mad at the people who put me at this place.   Carpet and door showed their age. I literally heard all the steps from the room upstairs. The room was on 4th floor, yet I had to wake up by noise from the street at 2AM. The window is not quite noise proof either.   The worst thing was....the room had no AC. It was 30 Celsius (86 F) outside during the day. The small room held the temperature through the night. The temperature was unbearable. Next morning, I complained about the heat in the room; then the hotel staff provided an old and dusty fan next day.   Breakfast was the only acceptable feature of this place.   My suggestion: if you are visiting London in summer…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Place to stay in Central London A+++++++,"In London for business. I Spent 12 days at the Tavistock Hotel and it was fantastic. Affordable price if compared to similar level hotels in the central london area.  1) A super plus is the location - Hotel is In central london, walkable distance (less than 5 min) to Russel sq.tube and 15-20 min to Tottenhaim Court rd/Oxford St. Stayed on the third floor and did not hear noises during the night   2) other big plus is the size of the room - bigger than average London single rooms 3) no problems with wifi connection 4) hotel front desk, concierge and room services employees were nice and available almost 24/7 5) great breakfast if you wanna get the energy to be a day out walking in London. Bar and restaurant are great if you dont feel to go out at night..... and, amazingly 6) key…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Basic room, great location and good customer service.",I stayed here for business whikst working in the area. The rooms are basic and slightly dated but clean and functional. The staff are very professional and welcoming. The hotel is 2 minutes walk from Euston station. I would stay here again if working in the area.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Hot,"The hotel is clean, staff are friendly. I was on the 8th floor in a single room. My advice is don't stay here during a heatwave. I asked for a fan but it didn't do much. I ate in the bar. I had a spaghetti with tomato sauce dish. I asked for parmesan cheese to be told they had run out.  On the plus side its very central. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Suited us fine,"Me & my friend stayed here for 2 nights, it suited us fine as a base to get where we needed to be. Shops close by, as well as tube stations within walking distance and a nice park opposite. The rooms are looking a little tired and if your room is at the front of the hotel then it's rather noisy but still managed to sleep fine, even in this heat. Next time I visit London I will probably stay here as good for your money. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very homely establishment,"Enjoyed three nights here. Enjoyed every minute from check-in to check-out. Lovely room with bay window overlooking the square. Breakfasts very good and there is an Indian Buffet restaurant in-house. What more can I say!,, worth a visit!",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average but good value,"Stayed for one night recently and dont have any complaints. Ok, its not the ritz but you get what you pay for a d this is really good value for london. Clean, accomodating staff, standard buffet breakfast. Decent location, underground station minutes away. 10 minute walk to St Pancras/Kings Cross aswell.  Would I stay here again? Yes.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average and very hot,"I stayed here whilst working in London, hotel is very basic, however... clean and a good shower which was great. I ordered room service on my first night. Very basic food and presentation, not very warm... Not worth the money paid! I asked for a quiet room, I was put at the back of the hotel, yes quiet footfall, but not quiet when the hotel or the hotel next door emptied the bottle bins at around midnight and then the following day before 8am. Unsure if that was a bin wagon however! The room was so hot. No air coming through the windows, housekeeping closed my window when they cleaned the room.... Why when it was 30 degrees outside, they should leave windows open if guests who are staying over have opened them! All in all... Would I stay here again, probably not! However all of…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely Stay,"Lovely stay at The Tavistock, room was small but fine very warm but you could ask for a fan. We had the offer were you got first night dinner free great meal Indian buffet and English breakfast included. Will stay here next time in London",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,I found the Tavistock Hotel some five years ago when I was visiting London on one of my Business Trips. I found the Staff welcoming and helpful. The accommodation was comfortable and the standard of cleanliness excellent. The Buffet Breakfast Bar can be a little crowed at peak times but staff are very diligent in making sure Buffet is replinished at all times and that Tea and Coffee are brought to your table efficiently.. I continue to use the Tavistock as my Hotel of Preference in London. ,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value hotel with art deco charm,"I stayed at this hotel for work and was pleasantly surprised to find such an interesting, great value hotel in such a convenient location. As others have said, its not a high-end luxury hotel and the rooms themselves may be a bit old fashioned for some but they are however spotlessly clean and very comfy.   Apparently virginia woolf lived in the building and there are places in the hotel where you really get a  feel for the original art deco heritage. It has an undeniable and genuine charm to it and history fans, like me, should really love it. One word of caution, there isnt any air con so if the weather is hot, make sure to ask for a fan which housekeeping will happily provide. In an area full of bland, overpriced chains its great to find a low cost, characterful hotel with…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Midweek Break,I have stayed in the Tavistock for the last 5 years and each year they have made improvements in the Hotel in various areas. They have now improved the breakfast area and the rooms are being updated as we are now. For a cheap stay in London is excellens with Russell Square Underground station just a 5 minute walk around the corner is an excellent base when visiting London.  ,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",!!! 2 Night Stay !!!,"Having read the bad reviews,everyone has their own opinion,Myself and my mum stayed here last week for 2 nights,the staff were fantastic,great choice for breakfast,we had a twin room which was very clean,we will definatley be back,A*****.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The tiniest bathroom sink ever,"Tavistock Hotel is conveniently located in beautiful Bloomsbury quite near the British Museum, University of London, Charles Dickens Museum. There is no air conditioning and it so happens that this summer London has been very hot. The room is even hotter than outside temperature. The room is very small and has a closet without doors, which gives a sloppy aspect tot he room. There were only 3 hangers. A tiny TV, a tea pot, no mini bar. The bathroom is very small, too, but there is no ledge and you can only place things on the floor. On the little sink with two taps, one for hot water and one for cold, so as to cool off after being scorched, you have no place to put a toothpaste or your contact lens case. The internet connection is good. The rooms giving onto the street a re very…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, Fair prices","Fifth stay in a year. Good hotel, with efficient staff. Rooms clean and comfortable. The price is fair, the ambiance great, always busy, bar a good meeting point. Food always tasty, hot and served without fuss. Breakfast, serve yourself, plenty of choice.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",1 night stay ,"We have previously stayed at this hotel many times but not for about 6 or 7 years. The hotel has been refurbished since our last visit to a good standard. The room a double was nice and clean with lovely views across into the gardens. The receptionist was polite, welcoming and friendly. We eaten in the wolf and whistle bar on site, little menu choice of bar good, the meal was average but can't help to feel the pie was already heated under a lamp considering the speed it came out. Desert did not come out as advertised, chocolate fudge cake was a cold slice of chocolate cake.  Breakfast was poor, lack of choices and availability and stale bread where it has been left out too long. Lack of customer service at breakfast.  If breakfast was improved i would give this a 5 star and not…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean affordable hotel close to tube,"A very clean and functional hotel within close walking distance of the underground and the British Museum. The rooms are clean, functional with an excellent shower and breakfast was a hot buffet with an adequate selection. Stayed 3 nights and was able to travel to all the sights using the underground with no hassles. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very handy and a great base,"This hotel isn't the most luxurious, and if you want all bells and whistles in your room, then this is not for you. It is clean, tidy and a great base to go off and explore London from.  It is within walking distance of King's Cross station and you can easily walk to Trafalgar Square in about 20 minutes or so, so it is very handy indeed. I've stayed there a few times and wouldn't really think about staying anywhere else. The room rate is reasonable and the breakfasts are good. There are lots of restaurants in close proximity and it's really close to Euston, Russell Square, Holborn and King's Cross tube stations, so it's so easy to venture out from.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location is fantastic,"The hotel is very near to my course venue. Russel square metro is within walking distance. We found many restaurant near by. I stayed here for 12 nights. The room is adequate and clean. It was early June and I had to keep open the window all the time, otherwise it became suffocated. I had very disturb sleep due to noise from street. After some days I became bored due to same menu everyday in the breakfast. Staff are cordial.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Crap,"What an awful hotel.  If you want no sleep at all then this is the dump for you. Drum n bass club directly below our window.. ..closed at 2am. Then the crowds outside including staff kicking off for thirty mins just to add thst bit more to the dreadful experience. Then the sound of the rooms packed out with drunks chatting and going to the loo until four am. Then to top it off house cleaning start about eight am banging chatting loudly. The walls are so paper thin we thought we were in a dorm room. I wish I had taken a photo of the night reception chap. No socks on, and I kid you not his left trouser leg was at least 8 inches shorter than the other. And rude. Avoid this hotel. Pay the extra fifty quid and stop at the travel lodge or holiday in. Breakfast was good but like a bad…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central location,"The main reason I continue to stay here is due to its excellent location, so close to both Russell Square and Euston.  The rooms are modest but adequate. The shower is difficult to control, temperature is usually really hot! The breakfast is good with hot and cold options. It's nice to see an updated dining area, very nicely presented.  Had a drink in the bar area one night - surprisingly reasonably priced for London!",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A London Treasure,"I have just completed my ninth 18 day visit at the Tavistock Hotel and once again I have nothing but praise.    The staff are wonderful throughout -friendly and helpful with a cheerful smile.  There are a couple of special mentions however:  The Breakfast crew are the best.  They are friendly and efficient and never fail to smile.  I am a returning guest - and they remember me - but I see the same high level of professional, friendly and warm service offered to all of the other guests.  The English Breakfast itself is wonderful, though I would have to show some restraint if I was eating it long term.  However, while on holiday, I indulge in the English Bacon - which is scrumptious.  One niggling point - the toast offering has been ""upgraded"" by adding fresh bread and track…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",terrible place,"the staff at the reception was very unpleasant. Wifi was not working in the room where I was. They pretended that the hotel was full and that they could not change me. I was on the first floor, and heard a party for much of the night.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We stayed in this hotel for two nights at the beginning of June.  Breakfast was included on both days and dinner on the first night.  The dinner was an Indian buffet which was good and had plenty to choose from.  There was only a choice of two desserts but both were more than adequate.  If your taste is not for Indian food it would have been possible to have gone to one or other of the sister hotels. Breakfast is fine and the waiter service excellent, tables cleared very quickly and nobody kept waiting for very long in this very busy hotel. The rooms are clean and tidy and the ensuite perfectly okay.  The rooms overlooking streets are quite noisy if you have the windows open in hot weather, but you have the option of asking for a room at the back, no view but quieter.  Keep to…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Loved it,Stayed here for 1 night it was lovely. Very reasonable price and it is a lovely hotel. Great rooms a lovely bar for food and drinks. Staff very helpful and friendly and breakfast was great. Will definately return.,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Satisfied Visitor,"I was a little unsure of booking this hotel due to some mixed reviews and the very reasonable price given the central location. I need not have worried. The hotel is indeed very well situated a few minutes walk from Euston and is a large imposing building overlooking the square. I was arriving in London in the early morning and had intended to go to the hotel to leave my luggage before going out for the day, checking in later after the stated time of 2pm. Arriving just after 8am, I was greeted in the impressive reception area by a very friendly female receptionist who advised that my room was ready and I could check in straight away - fantastic! The room was on the 5th floor and at the back of the hotel. The fast lift took me up and the corridor to the room was well appointed,…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Inexpensive but clean and comfortable,"We booked a room for Monday night. The staff were very pleasant, the room was clean and had an attractive bay window and good en suite facilities. Breakfast was excellent. There was quite a lot of noise from traffic but this is one of the joys of living in the centre of a big city.  Bright lights, big city, gone to my baby's head!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",OK stay...some complaints,"We stayed 6 nights in this hotel (3 people in the room). At first, we were put on the 7th floor and the room was unbearably hot even with a fan and the windows open. We’re from Florida so we are used to the heat and this was still so hot. Luckily, the hotel was able to switch us to the 3rd floor which was much better. In the new room, the toilet didn’t flush consistently even after we asked the hotel to fix it - we ended up using the public bathroom downstairs several times. The hotel breakfast buffet was great and all hotel staff were very friendly to us. The room was very outdated. The location was good. About 20-30 minutes on the tube or bus from most major London attractions. Housekeeping was very good, except for 1 day it was lacking. On site restaurant was convenient.…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","A great hotel - wonderful staff, good food, perfect location in the heart of Lond","This was my fourth stay at the Tavistock. As alway, it was sad to leave this hotel owing to the very helpful and friendly staff and the atmosphere they work hard to create.  Wonderful and clean and light and large rooms - the latter unusual for many London hotels charging similar rates.  Excellent breakfasts, cozy lounges for tea and for drinks, super clean rooms, and as aways extremely friendly people who give you the feeling that they are working to make your stay a wonderful experience.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel close to Russel square underground,"We stayed at Travistock for 1 night during our visit to London. This hotel is about 3-4 mins walk from the Russell square underground. Russel square in on Piccadilly line which very conveniently runs from Heathrow airport.   The hotel is adequate for 1 night stay. The rooms were small but clean. The bathroom was just enough for 1 night stay. This hotel is about 5 mins walk to the British museum (the museum is pretty nice and it is free) and about 15 mins walk to the theater district and Covent garden.   There is a nice breakfast place right next door, few other eating places as well as money exchange. This was extremely convenient as I had to change money for my stay in London.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",GREAT STAY,We stayed in room 210 and had lovely views over the gardens and trees.  Room had decent sized shower room and lots of hot water.  Comfortable twin bedded room and good buffet style breakfast.  Ideally located near Russell Square underground station.  Will definitely stay at this hotel next time I am visiting London.  Thanks,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Letdown,"We booked a 5 night stay at the Tavistock both for business and pleasure in a family room. The hotel is nice enough on the ground floor but shows signs of wear as you head up to the rooms. Our family room was a bit run down, the bathroom was very dated. The beds were on wheels so that the first time I sat up against the headboard on my pillows the bed headed for the door !!!There was very little shelf space for toiletries , however the shower was really bizarre . It consisted of a mixer shower which is ok  with a plastic shower curtain, but the pole for the shower head was at waist height, therefore it was impossible to shower standing up, showering on my knees isn't very easy or comfortable.  Plenty of hot water though . Another strange quirk was  there was no ironing…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",value for money,"I stayed here for two nights this week on a friend's recommendation and I will be staying here again. My room was very clean and had everything I needed, including wifi and tea-making facilities. It was also pretty quiet considering its location. The location is a great plus - I could walk there from Euston and it's close to bus routes and underground stations. I found the staff to be friendly,helpful and polite. I was quickly shown to a table for breakfast and the dining room seemed to be well organised with no long queues for food. As I'm vegetarian I only ate the fruit and toast so can't comment in detail on the breakfast: what I had was basic but fine. Drinks prices in the bar were very reasonable. All in all I think this hotel is great value for money and will be back. The…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good for price. ,We stayed last week for 3 nights  .we got room on time. Room is basic but comfortable. Family room was enough size for 3 of us.central location .direct line from Heathrow airport.Breakfast is basic.with many hotels nearby u can everything in waljing distance like utility store. Souvenir shop.Tesco .pizza hut. Subway.indian restaurant too..stop for hop on hop off buses too..so location is excellent..staff is helpful if you need any information. Walking distance to mant places and by tube it's easy to reach anywhere. Busstop r also near.so ideal for family holiday with good price.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Busdget hotel in good location,"Stayed in the Tavistock for 2 nights over the late May bank holiday weekend. The Tavistock is a large old hotel and is part of the Imperial Hotel group of budget hotels all within a few hundred meters of each other in the Bloomsbury district, near Russell St tube station. One impressive feature of these hotels is that they never alter their prices from week to week-prices are clearly displayed outside the hotel, unlike most other hotels which increase room rates during busy holiday or high season periods.  I shared a triple room with two members of my family and felt that the  price-€104 each for the two nights including cooked breakfast,  really couldn’t be bettered in central London. Also, although their frequent offer of a free meal on the first night of a 2 night stay wasn’t…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location and value,This hotel continues to provide excellent value for money. It’s location is superb with direct linkage to Heathrow without changing rube. Also it is easy walking to many of London’s attractions and shops. It offers a good breakfast with a wide choice.  Also recent renovations are very nice.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",fantastic breakfast!,"We've stayed several times at the Tavistock Hotel; it has been recently renovated and the rooms are much more comfortable and modern. The pub on the ground floor is great and moderately priced. A special mention for the English breakfast: the bacon is great, so are the scrambled eggs, and the porridge. The coffee is good and the service very friendly. It is overall a great place to stay in; it is very central in Camden, a few steps from UCL, and surrounded by the beautiful Tavistock square.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Dawn of the dead,"We checked into the Tavistock taking advantage of a “Bank Holday weekend deal”. This included a an evening meal on the first night. The meal was in their “Indian” restaurant? A very non descript room that had the atmosphere of the moon! Putting a bauble on an oak tree doesn’t make it a Christmas tree, therefore putting a curry on the hot plate (complete with Chinese spring rolls) doesn’t make this place an Indian restaurant. To top it off hearing the staff talking between themselves openly stating that “I have been here eight weeks and it’s s..t”.and then she said while taking our payment for drinks “I haven’t got a f..king clue!” Not what I would call professional? Room is basic and a little dated yet comfortable. Breakfast was little like eating on the tube during rush hour. A…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for central London,"This beatiful old hotel is centrally located near tube station Russel Sqaure and 3 major national railway stations. All major central London sights can be easily reached by tube or bus. It is a traditional, somewhat oldfashioned English hotel and serves a very traditional English breakfast - maybe not everyone's taste. The rooms are small but alright, the bathrooms old but functional. A dinner at one of the restaurants of the Imperial Group is offered free of charge if one stays at least two nights. If expectations are not too high, this is a good place to stay at a very good price for London.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good value,"I stayed in this hotel in April for one night.  It's right in the middle of London, and I must admit I didn't expect a huge amount for such a low price, especially with breakfast included.  Very pleasantly surprised.  I booked a single room, which was small but well laid out and comfortable with everything I needed.  Clean en suite with decent shower and thick towels.  I requested 2 extra pillows, which were brought to my room quickly.  I didn't eat dinner or breakfast, but had lunch in the bar the next day and that was very good.  The ground floor has a 1920s theme, pleasant to look at.  The staff were friendly and helpful, even when massively busy trying to sort out a computer based booking disaster.  For 50p I was able to leave my bag with them while I ran my errands and…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Helpful friendly staff,"we were A bit worried after reading some reviews, we didn't need to, the Tavistock is a lovely hotel well situated with plenty to do nearby, and a lovely Garden to rest in with a beautiful statue of Ghandi.  We found the staff were all very friendly and helpful our room was good with plenty of toiletries, and Tea and Coffee, we had a wonderful Curry on our first night, and a very good choice for breakfast. The bar was great with a good atmosphere. I would definatly recomend the Tavistock for price and accomotion, we had a lovely time there, big thanks to all the staff, who work so hard!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend stay with some Art Deco thrown in,"Stayed one Saturday night, efficient check in, basic but clean bedrooms. Beautiful Art Deco reception and bar, reasonable prices too. Breakfast very busy and staff rushing round clearing tables, but no one explained where to get drinks etc. Could leave your bags at hotel.  Great locaton as very convenient for St Pancras, Kings Cross and Euston, and within walking distance of the West End. Would stay again",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great stay,"Stayed one night with work friends and what a lovely surprise. My expectations were low due to £111 price tag which  included breakfast. The hotel is 6 min walk from Euston station, has very friendly and helpful staff, basic but spotless bedrooms, very nice Art Deco bar and a great breakfast! We asked for bedrooms overlooking Tavistock gardens which were lovely, especially as the hotel still has windows that open! I will 100% return to the Tavistock soon. Thankyou for a great stay. X",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Larger budget hotel with friendly helpful staff. Have stayed a number of times in this and other hotels in the Imperial London Hotel chain and have been pleased on each occasion. Would highly recommend this chain both for the excellent service, staff and price but also for the location, very easy to reach all the sights both by foot and public transport. One small comment not sure but believed the chain did in the past have shower caps in their rooms but not now.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Shabby chic but with enough class to hold its head high,"The Tavistock Hotel with its art deco features, slightly worn but wonderfully warm reception area and welcoming and helpful staff is like a home from home. The rooms at small and the place needs a bit of TLC but what it lacks in splendour, it more then makes up for the welcoming staff, night or day, great food and an amazing buffet breakfast. For a place to stay if on business or for pleasure, the Tavistock fits both the budget , location and is a place where you can kick back, relax and simply switch off if you need to.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice night,We were supposed to be at The County Hotel but when we arrived we were told we had an up grade. So when we arrived at the Tavisock they knew nothing about it. Anyway they got our room sorted 817. A small room clean enough good view from the 8th floor. Buffet breakfast in the morning. On the not bad. ,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",This is a very good budget hotel.,"Yes certainly an excellent budget hotel, very clean, comfortable and in an excellent situation. My only complaint is that the continental breakfast is very very basic. With very little effort it would be more appealing, some yoghurt and croissants would make a huge difference by giving just that little more choice. We will certainly stay again.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"It wasn't my first time to stay at Tavistock Hotel. And I've never disappointed this hotel. Excellent location, very friendly staff, clean room and a very nice view to Tavistock Square Garden. I enjoyed my holiday and very grateful to team of Tavistock Hotel for this!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Basic, tired hotel","Tavistock Hotel does not have WiFi in all bedrooms or restaurant or bar. In fact, only one specific spot in reception. Beds hard. Not very wide choice at breakfast. Very few smiling staff except concierge. Very close to bus stops but about ten minutes from tube station. Lovely park opposite",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Shh! don't tell too many people,We came across this hotel last week by accident due to travel delays.  What luck.  As a woman I feel I could stay here alone.  All the staff are excellently trained and we had no hesitation in booking again this week on our way to a family funeral.  The same smiles and courtesy and cleanliness and a good solid english breakfast.  All at a reasonable price.  I say no more because I want them always to have room for me as well as you!,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Basic, well-located hotel.","A very reasonably-priced, clean, basic hotel in a great, central location for the London sightseer who needs a place to sleep. Complimentary breakfast buffet in the morning was very good, ample, and extensive. Food and drink in the hotel was very reasonably priced. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very Good value for its location,"Just stayed here for a night - and a very pleasant surprise - the bar and breakfast rooms have been 'done up' since my last visit - and are much smarter and the breakfast is improved considerably. You would not call the rooms sumptuous - more utilitarian - but for the price, they are comfortable - and have all you need. But the best feature of this hotel is its location near to Russell Sq and the British Museum - and a short walk from Euston. The cost of a single room is going up soon - but it is still good value - especially when compared to staying at the Euston Ibis/Thistle (now defunct because of HS2).",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Two night break,"We stayed at the Tavistock for two night break in London. Great find hotel is within easy walking distance from kings cross train station about 15 minutes. We arrived early and were warmly greeted by the staff..   We were allocated a room at the back of the hotel on the third floor. View was not good overlooking roof of kitchen, however we were not really concerned as we were not intending to stay in our room looking out of the window. When we booked the deal included evening meal on first night. The meal was India buffet which was really good. Choice of four main dishes very good samosas and pakoras salads rice etc. There was also a dessert included. I was not sure what one of the desserts was so asked the waiter. After some humming and harring he said it was not available.…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad....has potential to be much better,"We booked two nights at the Tavistock as part of a flight/hotel package deal. It wasn’t our first choice, but due to coming to London during a European holiday weekend, there weren’t really any other options left.   The Tavistock is perfectly located near Russell Square station and various bus stops. So getting there and around is pretty easy and convenient; Piccadilly line non-stop to and from Heathrow. There’s a Starbucks within a couple of minutes walk, the Brunswick Shopping Arcade about 200 Meters down the road, and a whole bunch of smaller eateries and convenience type stores around. You can also walk up to Euston station within 10 minutes.  Upon arrival, check-in was quick and courteous and we got a room on the second flloor facing a side-street. Hallways are old and a…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Maybe the meanest continental breakfast in the world,"Apart from the dreadful continental breakfast, picture all the toast coming out of the kitchen in a great big soggy pile and the plainest bread rolls ever. The rest of our stay was marvelous. Our room was at the front and faced Tavistock Square, it was a little on the small side but you get what you pay for. The staff were really helpful with local information and it's only two minutes to Russel Square underground station. We will stay there again, but might upgrade the breakfast",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very pleased to stay at the Tavistock Hotel after so many yerars away,"I recently stayed at the Tavistock, not having been here for some twenty odd years. Good sized rooms outfitted to a high standard. Very helpful and pleasant staff with a good choice of food for breakfast. A bit disappointed to find the bar closed before midnight. I'll definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money at great location,"For people with a limited budget who want to stay in the city center, this hotel offers great value for money. Otherwise you end up somewhere much further away and you spend more time using public transport. We were able to do everything on foot (but a metro stration is nearby). The staff was very friendly and helpful. We arrived several hours before check-in time, but they ensured we got a room. It is an old hotel, so the rooms are not the newest, but they were clean. In addition, we noticed that it was quiet during the evening, night and morning. So no problem with noise from outside. The only negative point was the continental breakfast. There was only jam and marmelade to eat on your toast, not even cheese or ham. An English breakfast was available for a surcharge of £5. But…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",LOVELY HOTEL,"Stsyed at this hotel the night before London Marathon 2018 ( my friend was running not me!) .. the hotel was in great location - 2 mins from Euston Station , lovely , clean and friendly hotel . Would definitely stay here again !",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonable night’s stay,"Having an early morning Eurostar to catch, we needed a hotel close to St Pancras International station and booked a night at the Tavistock Square Hotel, 15 minutes walk away, despite some fairly negative reviews. First impressions were favourable as we arrived at the hotel and booked in at reception; the ground floor is full of 1930s features and is quite attractive. Our room was on the third floor with a lovely outlook over Tavistock Square opposite. It was of reasonable size, particularly compared with some London hotel rooms. It also appeared to be well sound proofed against traffic noise, although not sufficiently so against the piercing sound of emergency vehicle sirens. The furniture and bathroom suite were fine but perhaps in need of updating. We found the room…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,"The vilest hotel I have ever stayed in. It’s dirty, smelly, gritty, dated. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! I’m horrified that this is classed as a hotel. I’ve never experienced anything as disgusting in my whole life. Try elsewhere!!!!!",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointed from Dorset,"I have been a regular visitor to the Tavistock Hotel for the past 40 years. I really used to like the 1930's slightly faded-regal atmosphere, and the normally high standards of service. Sadly though, things have slipped.   I always looked forward to breakfast at the Tavistock because it was rather special, but sadly it has now become rather ordinary. The atmosphere of spacious grandeur in the restaurant has gone, as have the linen tablecloths and the cups and saucers. They've been replaced by plastic table-tops and mugs. The coffee is no longer brewed at the coffee stations around the restaurant, it now tastes like cheap instant coffee and is mass-produced in the kitchen and jugged into the restaurant.   I suppose the slightly insensitive renaming of part of the hotel as 'Woolf…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic Hotel reasonable for central London ,First time I have stayed here - very convenient to my london office and reasonable choice.   Welcomed warmly by staff in training. Great location and a range of restaurants nearby.  Room small but most are in London. Two single beds in the room. My biggest let down was that the beds were very uncomfortable. There is no air conditioning but even being in central London I was able to keep window open all night and not be too disturbed by noise.  ,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",30 years!,My parents have been visiting London for over 30 years and always choose to stay here! The price for the location is fantastic! Only a five minute walk to Euston and fifteen minutes to Oxford Circus. Lovely views over Tavistock square and so many little coffee shops/cafes around. They have a newly refurbished bar that's really reasonable and an Indian restaurant on the ground floor (again also great food). The rooms are by no means huge but in london - how often do you spend in your room? Staff are always helpful and friendly. We always ask for a room facing the square as it's lovely to wake up and look out at the square. The fact my parents always return for the past 30 years pretty much says it all!,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect base for a weekend trip to London! ,"Maybe not the most luxurious hotel in the world but it's clean, functional and has everything you could need for a weekend stay in London. We were 4 girls staying in a quad room and couldn't believe how spacious it was! It had lovely views over Tavistock Square and a huge bathroom (ideal for 4 women!). Staff were helpful and friendly, breakfast was just what you'd expect and the location was perfect....walking distance from Russell square and Euston tube stations so very easy access to kings cross, Victoria, Covent garden and Leicester square amongst other places. We couldn't have asked for more for what we paid and the free WiFi and complimentary evening meal on our first night were added bonuses. Already looking to return here later in the year!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very Enjoyable Stay,"We did a quick trip to London during our Europe vacation. The hotel is only 10 minutes from St. Pancras station. We had booked through a third party and I had not added my child in the booking. During the check-in, this was a issue as the room booked could not accommodate us. The front desk staff were very understanding and changed to a room that can have us at a minimal cost.   The room was very functional, clean and low frills, which is expected for a hotel of this type. The price is very reasonable, which prompted us to stay here. The free breakfast was awesome (included with booking), this is the best breakfast we have ever had during our Europe trip. The waiters in the restaurant were very good in serving us. We also used them for dinner, which was equally good.  As we…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but good value,"This is as cheap as you'll find in central London for a proper hotel.  Rooms are comfortable and clean.  Breakfasts are pretty desultory unless you upgrade to the cooked breakfast, which is fine.  Bar food is reasonable in price and quality and service is friendly.  Some oddness - staircases being locked at certain times of the day, an odd Indian restaurant which seems out of place - but all in all it's good value and well placed.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Decent hotel in a prime location, not too expensive","I've stayed in the Tavistock Hotel several times. It is fantastically situated near Euston and Kings Cross stations, the British Museum and the Wellcome Collection.  For London, the prices are very reasonable: c. £85 a night with breakfast. The breakfast is a decent enough buffet offering full English. It doesn't offer a huge variety of fruit or types of bread, but it's OK.  The staff are always friendly and smiling - and there always seem to be quite a lot of them about.  The rooms are fine, although the beds are probably the least comfortable I have slept in, in hotels. The bed linen is very cheap and a bit uncomfortable. But it's quite a quiet place, despite being popular and busy.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"This hotel has much to commend it. The staff are efficient and friendly, The check in was prompt. The double room was fairly compact, more for one than two and the bathroom just about fits everything in - the shower was efficient. The TV was postage size. But, bearing mind this was central London, this hotel is quiet and the outlook facing Tavistock Square is excellent. You are within easy reach of 3 mainline train stations and the British Museum is close too. Breakfast was fine though not luxurious and the staff were alert to needs for more coffee.  I would return.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Does what it says in the tin! ,"A very busy, large hotel with a mix of clientele. The room was Clean, practical, value for money. Comfortable bed and felt safe as a lone traveller. Good shower, hot water and bath. Restaurant/bar was reasonably priced and the 10% off voucher for residents was greatly appreciated. The food and menu choice was good and portions were large! Bar menu good too! Breakfast met requirements. Not luxurious but good for quick business stop over. The room was warm, comfortable, tv, hairdryer, tea making facilities, and most importantly quiet - especially considering it’s a big hotel in middle of London - I was on 7th floor!!! Service on reception, bar and breakfast was very good, polite, friendly and welcoming. Not sure I would take the kids but definitely a no frills, to the point…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"For the positives the staff were friendly enough and the hotel was in a good location to kings cross station. The newly decorated bar area looked nice, although I didn’t get a drink there I only walked through. Neutral was breakfast not great not awful but ok. On the negative points the rooms are so dated and really do need upgrading with areas also showing quite a bit of signs of wear and tear. Also my personal preference is to have a quilt and not just a sheet and blanket and a couple of the pillows in the room were flat as a pancake and the bigger ones were quite solid. It was also quite a noisy room that I had even with ear plugs in, but I guess it’s on a busy road but windows are definitely not very sound proof.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Dirty underwear found in room,"I have stayed at the Tavistock many times and always found it a reasonably-priced and well-situated base from which to explore London. I will, however, not be going back. On my most recent visit, someone left a pair of dirty underpants on my nightstand while I was out. Staff could offer no explanation and barely attempted an apology.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Best kept secret in London!,"I have stayed at this hotel most weeks since January 2018.  Booking is best done direct on their website and the hotel is one of about 6 in a group who operate in the same general area of Holborn and all at fixed rates for the rooms, highly unusual in London. The Tavistock offers a single for £85 and a double for £111 this includes free wifi and breakfast. There is usually last minute availability, which I tested during weather disruption and got rooms on the day no problem.  The location is excellent 5 minutes from Euston Station, about 10 minutes from Kings Cross and Holburn tube is about 10 minutes away.  Close to a range of restaurant's and shops, you couldn't ask for a better location.  Breakfast is excellent, good choice, rooms are a little dated but always very clean and…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Nay and Yay,"Tavistock was a very nice hotel for a first timer, lovely outside view, good clean bedrooms, nice breakfast, although, i would have liked a smile from the waiters now and then, they all looked miserable. The bathtub was a really a nice surprise for me, the bath filled up in a matter of minutes which allowed me to have a nice relaxing bathtime. They also have free wi-fi. One thing I recommend though is to try and get a room away from the kitchen, we were placed above it and all night we use to smell Indian food.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for money,"We stayed for 4 nights when we had only booked for 2  Because of travel disruption we decided that it was more convenient to stay the two more nights where we were because we liked the hotel and it was convenient to do the extras from this base We were advised to book on line even though we were in the hotel !,  I would certainly come to this hotel again as everything was totally unpretentious and that includes the staff.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Stayed for one night.  Nice clean room, it was quite warm and we couldn’t find anywhere to turn heating down, once windows opened it was bearable. Breakfast nice, very friendly staff.  Great central location.  Will definitely return. ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good basic hotel,"We stayed at the Tavistock as part of a package deal and this was our fifth time there. The location is perfect as you are within walking distance of several underground lines,the British museum and other sights as well as lots of places to eat. We know that the Tavistock is a no frills hotel and the rooms feel rather small and cramped (perhaps because we are now used to staying in more upmarket hotels) but the room was warm and the shower was powerful and hot and we asked for a rubber mat for the bath and it was provided straight away. The continental breakfast is not great but adequate and the breakfast room was not warm enough but it was exceptionally cold weather. The staff are helpful and wifi is now available in all rooms. The instructions to access the wifi didn't work…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location and Service with a Smile,"We arrived at 1, and were happy to receive an early checkin. The Tavistock is in a great location for exploring the city - easy walking distance from many wonderful places. Our room was spacious  and well equipped, dated but very comfortable and spotless with excellent linens and towels. We were welcomed with such friendly smiles and greetings to an abundant breakfast  - with both cold and hot items. We would certainly stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for Money,"I stayed overnight at the Tavistock; The check in and out were friendly and the room clean and comfortable. I paid for a single and got a double bed with a corner view, but and most important I got a fantastic and plentiful English Breakfast included in the price,!!! I will return.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"We visited London last week and stayed at the Tavistock hotel. The hotel's location is great. Near Russel Square and King's cross underground stations, and whithin easy walking distance from the British museum, British library and more. The staff was very nice and willing to help.   ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,I stayed at tavistok past week for 2 days and this week for another 2 days. I was given good rooms on both my stays overlooking at the park. Breakfast was descent staff were friendly amd helpfull. I aould stay again in tavistock on my next visit to london,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Outstanding Value in its Hotel Class, Proximity and Neighborhood","The Tavistock is an outstanding value hotel ideally located and easy walking and commuting distance to an enormous number of venues in Central London. A ""stones throw"" from Kings Cross, London Zoo, British Museum, Russell Square Station, Brunswick Center, Tottenham Court Road to Oxford Circus, etc.  We have lodged at the ""Tavi"" the better part of thirty times over the years and we will continue to do so.   The Tavi has been constantly upgraded over the years; most recently and attractive remodel of the ground floor reception. Our special request was honored, the staff is professional and this venue is clean and reliable. Superior to all other value hotels. Predictable and reliable.  It is fully recommended that the lodger register with Imperial Hotels of London and book directly…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Better than average in this category,"I have stayed in the Tavistock Hotel 4 times b now, and most of the time I was happy with the stay. The rooms are well maintained even if a bit outdated in style. However, I prefer the good service and a well heated room to a modern furniture. Staff is unhesitatingly helpful, and the English breakfast is just fine. The price quality ration is very good for London.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",It was good ,Spent two nights here.  Good check in experience.   The room was good and shower was very good. Hard to beat for price and location and our deal included a very nice breakfast   Bed comfortable and area. quiet   Short walk to Tube ,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location for Euston station,If you are looking for a hotel conveniently situated for Euston Station and St Pancras International this is a hotel for you. Breakfast is nice but nothing special. Staff are very friendly and the rooms are clean but nothing special.,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Our go to hotel in London,"We always stay at the Tavistock when in London - it's the ideal location for anyone travelling via Kings Cross, St Pancras or Euston. The hotel was as good as ever on our latest stay. It's not a luxury hotel, but it's comfortable and clean and the staff are always helpful. This time I left a dressing gown behind - I emailed the hotel and they found it and sent it on to me within a couple of days. Excellent service!",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",overall very good stay,"Stopped over for a night. Room had a nice aspect overlooking the square. The room was ample size with all the standard facilities. Clean, very good shower. The self serve breakfast was good and the staff attentive. I was in a single bed which  was slightly rickety and just about long enough ( I'm 6ft)   but comfortable and the tv reception was not good probably due to an aerial lead problem, I informed them on leaving and they said I could have at the time but I wasn't really up there to watch television anyway. Had a good nights sleep and pretty quiet in hotel. For the price of £85 it was more than adequate and I would definitely stay there again, close to Bloomsbury, British Museum Central London and three mins walk to underground at Russell Square.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A pleasant stay,I stayed in the Tavistock for 4 nights whilst attending a course at The Great Ormond St Hospital.  The hotel was excellent for the budget option. I had a twin room and the rate included breakfast.  My room was basic but clean with a daily service. The bathroom was well stocked with plenty of towels and the linen was spotless. The bed was comfy. The room did get really hot ( despite it being mid winter ) and this seemed to be a common complaint. I was fine to open the widow as I was at the back of the hotel but I’d imagine the traffic noise would be annoying at the front of the hotel.   The breakfast was adequate with a buffet style ‘full English ‘ and the staff were really lovely and always ensured there was enough tea !  I ate in the bar/restaurant on two nights and the food…,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel ,"We had an 2 night stay at this hotel having stayed previously the accommodation wasn’t as good as our last stay bathroom was on the small side which l found difficult to manoeuvre with my bad leg apart from that staff friendly and helpful there was bus and rail links nearby Renovation work was being carried out in the dining room so we had to sit in the bar area, again exceptional service l would thoroughly recommended this hotel if you are looking for a London break",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Best value hotel in central London,"Absolutely fantastic stay. Hands down the best value and most comfortable stay in central London. Every single member of staff from breakfast staff, reception and housekeeping staff were super friendly, courteous and helpful. The rooms are basic but perfectly comfortable, warm, clean and you really cannot expect more for such a superb price. Beds and pillows are immaculate and so comfy. TV has many channels. Shower is lovely and strong and warm. Bathroom is immaculate. Room service menu and charge is extremely good value. Location is unbeatable. Breakfast is great- wide selection of hot and cold breakfast. Will always stay here when on business in London! Thank you for a wonderful stay. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Hotel stay,"Me & my husband, booked to see Motown the musical. We decided to stay at the Tavistock hotel. Firstly the food in the bar, was not very good. The room was clean, but it was too hot. You couldn't turn the radiator down. The bed was really uncomfortable, springs coming through the mattress. Didn't sleep well at all. The breakfast was cold & poor quality. I woudn't stay here again ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, central location, friendly staff","We've made this hotel our go-to hotel when visiting London, as it's very good value, given its central location near Euston, St Pancras and Kings Cross stations, close to London University and easy walking distance to the British Museum. Staff have been consistently friendly and helpful. The rooms vary in size and outlook but we've always found them clean and comfortable. It's hard to escape traffic noise in central London, wherever you stay - best to keep the windows shut at night or use ear plugs!",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",New year eve,"Love our visits here, we come twice a year for new year & again in July for our anniversary. This hotel is in a wonderful location which is easy for shopping. I can honestly say we've never had any reasons to give negative feedback. Also the reception & bar look amazing now they've been redone.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great friendly hotel in excellent location,"Friendly hotel located within a short walk of Euston station and close to Russell Square tube station, with several bus routes just around the corner, make this an ideal location to explore London. Stayed here with my daughter for a short break just before Christmas. Our twin room overlooked Tavistock Square with pleasant view and no real traffic noise; fairly basic facilities but clean and warm with excellent shower. The Art Deco style bar was cosy with good value bar food and excellent afternoon tea. Continental breakfast was basic although the cooked breakfast looked better value; the waiting staff were friendly and efficient. Great value for money - would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good resting place,"Overnight in London and we got a great deal on a double room, with breakfast. The checkin process was easy and efficient, the access to the room was excellent, and the room itself was compact but it had what was needed.  Bathroom could not have been smaller, but with a bath with shower over was adequate for our short stay. Breakfast was in a temporary location whilst the main space was being refurbished so the servers was a little overcrowded but everything was there and the staff were attentive and prompt. We will doubtless be returning when next in town.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great bar! ,Stayed for a night between Christmas and new year! £111 per night and worth every penny !  Friendly staff and a great bar area styled in the 1920s good bar food too!  Rooms are basic but I’ve stayed in worse in London for more ££££  Great breakfast buffet  Will stay again 👍,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Simple great,"It was my second visit in Tavistock Hotel in London. Once again I have to admit that this hotel is perfect. Clear, bright with many helpful staff and everyday service and room cleaning. Located in central London close to many tube stations and railway Kings Cross is the very best location. 15 min of walking to Oxford Street and about 30 min to Trafalgar square. Also, the english breakfast is amazing... if you do not want to spend a lot of money and receive good accommodation for reasonably price this hotel if for you!",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, great location","Excellent location, friendly staff, and the amenities are good enough.  The room was small, but we had a lovely view of Tavistock Square.  The bathroom was clean and had a deep tub, a great shower, and plenty of hot water.  The ""continental breakfast"" consisted of orange juice, toast, buns, stewed fruit, and a few cereals.  Luckily for me the muesli was excellent, so I can't complain.  I wish the beds had been firmer and the pillows a little less so, but I would definitely consider staying there again.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value in the heart of London,"We travelled to London for new year through Superbreaks The Tavistock is in a fantastic location for exploring London so much so that you can walk almost everywhere. 3 night's accommodation for 2 including breakfast and train travel over new year for £400 in my view is unbeatable value. Other Hotels in this class were charging £200 a Night. The Hotel was busy but the staff seemed to cope really well. The Breakfast Was really good too. One review said the room was noisy and hot. Central London is rather busy and bound to have traffic noise. If your hot....turn the radiator off. (People would moan like he'll if It was cold) It Is only a 3 star Hotel, so so don't expect the Dorchester, but the basics are all there. Clean rooms, good breakfast in the heart of London. Great value for…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An enjoyable stay,"My husband and I stayed here early in December. I would certainly return to this hotel and I would recommend it. Our room was clean, comfortable  and overlooked the square. If I had to pick fault I would have to say that there was damage to the bathroom door obviously caused by a flood which had not been dealt with and the heating was a little too high for me. The breakfast was acceptable although the fried eggs were a little hard. The staff were friendly and pleasant.  It is an excellent base to explore London from.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value in the centre of London,"This hotel in the heart of London is great value for money but it does have issues which is why I've rated it as average. The lobby and bar area are fine, but when you go to the rooms, the age of the hotel starts to show. The rooms are basic and what I would expect from a 3 star hotel. The bed was okay, nothing special but fine for a one or two night stay. The bathroom door looked very worn at the bottom but the shower was good.  The staff are friendly and efficient.   I had a meal from the bar - the chicken and ham pie and it tasted and looked like it had come out of the microwave. I probably would have been better off going for the indian buffet.  Location wise it is great and easy to get to - take the tube to Russell Square. Come out, turn left, walk up the street until you…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Our regular stopover in London,"We have been staying at The Tavistock for about 10 years now, 3-4 times a year when we have a weekend in London. It's ideally placed, close enough to walk with a trolley case from St Pancras Station, with two tube stations within 5 minutes walk of the hotel. The accommodation is quite small and basic but always spotlessly clean and sufficient for a night or two. The windows are not double glazed and there can be a lot of traffic noise so we ask for a room high up and not on the main road. It can be hot in the summer as the place lacks air conditioning but what do you expect for £100 for a double room in central London? The breakfast is great and the bar has just been refurbished. The staff are very helpful and it makes a great base for a busy sightseeing trip.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",very noisy,"I stayed a room with street view which is quite noisy. It was not like a photo of the room in hotel website which looked quite calm and tidy. My real impression : Old carpet, poor bedding, endless traffic noise through large window. when I asked the officer the room was too noisy to sleep and asked if changing the room was possible, he just  answered  ""this is London. everywhere is noisy."" This is not something I expect from a excellent hotel.    ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Old-fashionel hotel without any modern standards,"We were at Tavistock hotel 3 nights. This was first time when Tripadvisor rating and reality didn´t match at all!  This hotel IS old, and it has not been renovated after 70´s?  Soft old blue carpet, separate tap´s for cold and hot water, overall everything was old. No lock in bathroom door, what was also so small that bigger adults may have problems using it.  There were no air conditioning at all, just small hatch behind radiator. Cold air was flowing  from outside from that hatch. It was impossible to close it. Or adjust the radiator, it was stuck.  How cleaner made the bed, two beds were made two different ways.. Beds - terrible. Springs were making noise every time you moved in bed. I woke up multiple times at nights. Bed was also moving when turning in it. Very old beds. …",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",My constant in London,"This was my 3rd stay in this hotel since 2009, and it has been the only hotel I've been to in London.  My experience has always been positive, so much so that I'm scared to try any other hotel in London. I think it will still be my first choice if I visit London again. My husband and I stayed here for 10 days in June.  the fact that it' so close to the Tube and so central makes it a great choice.  Our room was clean, overlooking Tavistock square.  The staff was helpful and I really liked the recently renovated bar area Woolf and Whistle. The breakfast was plentiful and good with great choice.  We had our complimentary first night dinner at Saracen's Carvery (The President Hotel) which was  very good. If I can find something negative is the fact that the hotel is not…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good mid-range hotel in central London,"The hotel is well-placed for much of central London. Room very adequate (though inward facing so no view), comfortable and clean. Bar food good quality and good breakfast buffet. Represents fair value. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent hotel for money.,"Friendly, polite and helpful on arrival. Very good size twin room overlooking Tavistok Square. Full English breakfast was very good, continental breakfast would have been better with croissants, ham and cheese available. Good value for money in a central location with short walk to underground station.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, ticks the boxes","Stayed for two nights in December. Originally booked a single but ended up with a twin so that does have some influence in me thinking that I got excellent value. The room was very clean, tea/coffee facilities, right temperature and it looked like the bathroom had been re-tiled fairly recently so was in tip top condition. Importantly, I got a good night's sleep. Showers were stand in bath type. Staff were pleasant and courteous. Only a ten minute walk from three mainline stations. Will happily stay again.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Big Hotel, Small Price","I had two separate one-night stays in this hotel, once in a twin room and once in a single room. Both rooms were scrupulously clean and of a reasonable size, with standard furnishings and refreshments provided. The sleep quality was good during my weekday stay but was a little disturbed during my weekend stay when the hotel was very busy. The showers in both rooms were very good. Breakfast was well cooked and appetizing - although as a vegetarian it would have been nice to be offered a meat alternative. The staff I encountered were all professional and polite. The location is fantastic, with both Euston, King's Cross and St Pancras mainline stations a short walk away - and there are excellent bus and tube connections nearby. There are also a variety of shops, city-style…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel,"What a lovely hotel this is.  We booked with friends who had been before who had said the hotel was a little tired but good location so worth a stay.  Maybe the rooms need a refresh but apart from that it was very comfortable, clean and convenient for Euston.  The Art Deco charm is lovely too.  But the thing that made the hotel was the staff, very helpful and attentive. Well worth a visit. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic ,Loved our stay here. We also returned to the Indian buffet located at the hotel on another seperate trip! The hotel is well presentedV a - very cosy place in a great location. Top marks to the staff. Recommended. ,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for money,"This hotel was clean, bed was good (firm), English breakfast included, excellent location, all this for very reasonable price. If you look for luxury, this hotel is not for you then. Eat as much as like curry lunch for £8.95 was superb.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasant little gem in the beating heart of London,"I stayed here with a friend this weekend and was extremely pleasantly surprised. The rooms are standard for what you expect in a 3-star hotel and were clean and of decent upkeep in a more traditional style. Bedding was comfortable and there was plenty of shower gels, shampoo, etc in the bathroom.  The communal areas are where the hotel really shine, especially the bar and lounge area and downstairs bathrooms as they’re of four star standards.  Service in reception, the bar and breakfast room was lovely, extremely friendly and courteous.  The breakfast room itself I loved too as it had a very traditional British feel to it and there was plenty of selection to choose from in hot and cold food. If they had a quick makeover of the rooms the hotel would easily gain four stars in my…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Flawed, but good value","Firstly, for the centre of London, this hotel is extremely good value. Especially with breakfast included. Initial impressions were favourable - the lobby and the bar are nicely decorated in an Art Deco style. Staff were friendly and efficient. I had a single room (which are usually the worst in any hotel). The room looked tidy and well kept, if slightly dated. The bath room was a straightforward white suite, clean and with a reasonable array of soaps, shampoo and bath gel. However, the bed was 2’6”, which felt a bit narrow, and moved around rather easily and creaked every time I changed position. The room was extremely warm, even after I turned the radiator right down. And there was quite a bit of noise, despite the double glazing, which looked old and slightly ill-fitting. For…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Three out of five at a push!,"Great location for main attractions. Very nice reception and polite and pleasant staff to check us in.  But..... once out of the lift and heading towards our room, the hallways were shabby and staff often surly as it seemed an inconvenience for them to move their linen trolley to let us past.  The room was fine for one night but for two it was poor. The whole appearance was worn and stuck in the early eighties.  The restaurant  staff need serious training in customer service.  A grunt and a shrug of the head to indicate customers should follow them is far from adequate and being sat at tables that have been used immediately before, have beans and breadcrumbs on the cloths and no cutlery is not acceptable.  I would have communicated my displeasure had there been a member of staff…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Exellent value for money,"We stayed for one night (Saturday) in Room 320.  The room was small but more than adequate for a short stay.  Room was clean.  The shower was powerful with plenty of hot water.  Although the room was at the front of the hotel and overlooked Tavistock Square Garden it was not noisy.  The full English breakfast included serials, orange juice, tea, coffee with a good selection of hot food.  The restaurant staff were attentive and obliging.   We have stayed at this hotel several times and have never been disappointed",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Workshop,A colleague recommended this hotel and I wasn't disappointed! So reasonably priced for central London! 10 minute walk from Euston station! Rooms basic but clean and really good value! Pleasant 1920's style bar with Art Deco features! Staff very accommodating and friendly. Breakfast plenty of choice and tasty! Can leave bags for a £1. The higher floor you choose the quieter it is. Rooms fairly hot but had window open and wasn't a huge problem! This hotel is such good value for money and I wouldn't hesitate to return.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ideally situated for our needs,"Well placed hotel approximately a 10 minute walk from Kings cross train station and roughly a 25 minute saunter from Covent garden, theatre land and Oxford street. I stayed in room 715 which had a beautiful view of Tavistock square the trees this time of year are so colourful. The room was spotless with a separate toilet and bath / shower. There was a hair drier and trouser press along with complimentary tea and coffee in the room and a tv was located on the wall. There were plenty of hangers for clothes and the room was a decent size to move around. All towels are provided and for the 2 nights I was there I slept soundlyalthough the room was warm .  Breakfast is on the lower ground with both continental and english breakfast options and plenty of tea and coffee is on hand from…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely art deco style hotel. A gem in London.,"This hotel has a great ambiance, lovely art deco style comfortable bar and a good restaurant.  The breakfast menu is particularly good. Service is efficient and friendly.  A good location near to Euston and Russell Square tube. A little gem in central London. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The perfect stay,Stayed a few times here before. Still an excellent hotel. Check in was quick and friendly. The staff are too be commended for there 1st class help. My room was on the front so had a great view of the park. Traffic noise was very low. My room was a little too warm but was soon corrected by the housekeeping staff. Nice and clean room. Nice new bar area. The breakfast was again very good. Plenty of choice and great value for money. Only problem was my stay was short. Just one night. I look forward too my next stay. Keep up the good work. Thanks again.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",BEST VALUE FOR MONEY IN LONDON   DEFINITELY,"This is my fourth or fifth visit to this hotel in the last few years. As usual the hotel is up to its usual high standards. My room as requested overlooked the rear courtyard, not much of a view but very quiet compared to the London traffic at the front. The hotel has been re decorated in the past couple of years and the Woolf and Whistle bar also serves bar food, snacks and nibbles at very good prices. The rooms are all really the same, but all very clean, with an ensuite comprising of bath and shower and fresh towels were supplied every day. As usual I was offered the complimentary three course meal which I had in The President Hotel and breakfast consisted of an all you can eat buffet with a vast amount of choice. As previously stated this is without doubt, in my opinion the…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Could do with a revamp. Too much noise.,I have stayed at this hotel for a few years. Sadly this year I feel that the room I had was the smallest and very tired.  The hotel is situated above a bowling alley that played VERY LOUD music until 3am at which point there was lots of screaming and shouting. The hotel is a great location to use as a base of sightseeing and the breakfast was good although in previous years it has been better,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Near Euston Station,This hotel convenient if you're arriving at Euston Train Station.Its very comfortable and you can help yourself to as much cooked breakfast as you want The staff are very pleasant and helpful and a short bus ride takes you to the centre of London,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Hotel,Hotel in good location near to Euston station and Russell Square tube. A number of attractions within walking distance. Rooms are no frills but clean and reasonably comfortable.  Excellent breakfast. Comfortable bar to return to after a busy day. ,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Amazing value for money,"This hotel was recommended to us by a businessman we met in a pub. So on our next trip up to London we booked in. We were pleasantly surprised at the cost and to be honest, was a little suspicious of how good it could be. However, on arrival the receptionist was very welcoming and quickly booked us in. First impression was very positive. It looked well maintained and seemed to have all we needed; a bar, restaurant and space. Our room was better then expected, although the bathroom was looking a bit rough round the edges.  We went to bar to find that the beer was cheaper than it was in our home town! Then to top it, the food in the bar menu was much cheaper than our local pubs and restaurants.  The atmosphere in both the restaurant and bar was very pleasant. We will be using this…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not very nice,Staff were good enough to let us early check in.  Although when we saw the room wish we hadn't bothered it as damp and cold.  We asked for a heater told no but the souls give us extra blankets. The hotel was extremely busy for breakfast the next morning que was out the door of restaurant and halfway up the stairs my friend and I decided to go for a walk hoping when we came back it would be a bit quieter.  Not as busy but still pretty busy. We eventually found a table but were told off for sitting down as we hadn't been told to sit. Staff were very much under pressure.,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice enough place,"In terms of affordable London accommodation, this place is great. A 1930s charm and decor that are lovely and situated well for London facilities and attractions  The bar staff are friendly enough but the desk staff, particularly the night porters are disinterested and often rude. Serving breakfast at 7am for a London hotel is just plain backwards and 7:30am on Sunday ridiculous when there are plenty of people staying who are working in the capitol over the weekend. The local eateries are also not serving early. For the city that never sleeps this area of town seems to prefer a lie in. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Typical London hotel close to British Museum,"Arrived Eurostar late in afternoon so did not want to take tube during peak hour to our airb&b on the other side of river. Have stayed in Russell Square previously so decided to try the sister hotel we stayed in previously.  It was a 15 minute walk from St Pancras dragging our bags through heavy foot traffic.  Hotel as expected small room and bathroom but luckily with a double bed. We knew the area well and enjoyed revisiting pubs and restaurants along with the museum for two days before we moved on   Breakfast  simple but OK to keep us going for the day.  Hotels in London even budget hotels are expensive, but we enjoyed the Tavistock, but our preference in our return visit next year would be to go straight to an airb&b much cheaper, which means you can stay longer in London.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value Average Hotel,Stayed here for one night on business and compared to other hotels I've stayed in in the area it offers great value for money. Nice reception area and well stocked bar which is cheaper than the usual London prices. Food in the bar area was better than average however the Indian buffet restaurant was not good quality. The room was basic but clean. Overall was great value for money and would stay here again when on business. ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good,"Stayed here twice in October. Two different rooms 7th floor and 5th, one was much newer than the other but both perfectly ok. Have stayed here many times over the years. The location is the big draw. The entrance/bar etc.. has been renovated now so it looks nice. It’s still a basic hotel but good value in London and the staff never seem to change - which I like. It can be very hot in the rooms, I’d always go for a high floor exterior room, near the lift if possible. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent value,"I have stayed at the Tavistock a number of times the most recent in October 2017. It has undergone a revamp and now has a smart restaurant where the rather grubby bar used to be. There is now wifi available in all rooms and not just the public areas as previous. The breakfast, which is included in the price, is as good as it ever was. The rooms are a little worn, but clean and comfortable. The location of the hotel is really good and within walking distance of Euston station.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Comfortable stay, excellent location","The Tavistock Hotel is located at a convenient distance of about 0.2 mile (3 mins walk) from Russell Square tube station that connects to London Heathrow. London Euston is also only a 10 mins walk away, with Kings Cross station nearly a 15 min walk away. The room didn't have air conditioning, but actually that wasn't required! Heaters were a necessity during the October cold of London, which the hotel contained in every room. The continental breakfast included in the price is sufficient to fill your stomach.  The only downside was the non-availability of at least two 500 ml mineral water bottles in each room each day for making tea and coffee, which hotels of the same category had. Dental kits and a comb would be appreciated as well.  Staff at the reception, concierge,…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Very nice stay at this Hotel. The room was so nice . The breakfast so nice Walking distance to the conference  venue. the staff  is  friendly. Wifi was not available in the room. How ever, i enjoyed stay here. Wish to come here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location But Far Too Hot,"This hotel is in a great location, close to Euston and within walking distance of many theatres and museums etc. The rooms are quite small but clean and we were able to check in early. Unfortunately the heat in the corridors and rooms is overwhelming (no air con ), and so is the smell of curry from the restaurant downstairs, even the nice white towels in the bathroom smelt of it.  Breakfast was OK but there was a lack of cold items e.g pastries and fruit, only bread rolls available The toast was piled up on a plate and looked like it had been there for some time and it was rubbery.  All staff were friendly and efficient.  We stayed at the Imperial on on our last visit and that is a much better option.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ok hotel for the price,"The hotel is situated very conveniently. Close to bus and underground. The nearby Russel Square station is on the Piccadelly line, which takes you right to Heathrow. The room and the bathroom are quite small, but they are clean. Breakfast is average, but my wife was missing her youghurt. But all in all, good value for the money.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ideally situated for Euston Station,"Stayed here for a 2 night break. Very well situated for Euston Station. Good price for London and included a meal on first night which could be taken in any of the other hotels in group.  Room was ready earlier than expected. Third floor room overlooking the park. Didn't experience any traffic noise with windows closed but was a bit warm. Room was basic but clean as was the bathroom. The pubic areas i.e. reception and bar area have been refurbished in 1930's style which was very nice. Hopefully the bedrooms will be refurbished to same standard eventually.  Breakfast was good with selection of hot food plus cereal, fruit juice, toast etc. We also ate in the Indian restaurant buffet which we enjoyed. Staff were helpful and friendly.Luggage storage is available on departure for £1…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good London Base,"Fourth stay here so you can tell I like this hotel! Just stayed on Saturday night. Arrived at about 11.30 and asked to drop off bags (they provide this service) but actually they could check us in to a room that met my special requests - high floor, refurbished, overlooking the square.  The double bed was a little small but adequate. The rooms are always warm - perhaps a little too warm! Only 2 plug sockets in the room and only 1 was working which was a bit awkward for charging mobile phones. Bathroom was adequate with plenty of towels and toiletries. The shower temperature was a bit hard to manage. Breakfast is good as usual - self-service buffet of hot and cold options, tea served to the table. The toast was a little dry though - maybe been under the lights too long? Took…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Anniversary weekend in London ,"Love this Hotel 10 mins walk from Euston 5 mins walk from Russell Square tube perfectly placed for exploring London  Staff are friendly nice rooms and nice buffet breakfast at a competitive price, think this is our 5th stay has become our go to Hotel for weekends in London  Bar has recently been refurbished and is perfect for  nightcap at reasonable prices ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good place for the University quarter,I use the Tavistock for my regular visits to the University's Senate House nearby and the surrounding University quarter. It is handy for Russell Square underground station with plenty of restaurants and pubs in the surrounding area.  The hotel is basic but clean; the reception staff are polite and helpful.  The star of the place is the wonderful gentleman in charge of breakfast in the mornings; he is such a pleasant and polite man who makes breakfast at the hotel a pleasure.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great business base,I visit London regularly and all my work is based around Euston road. This was a great place to stay for my visits. I slept well as there was no noise from outside - something that I have learnt not to expect around here. The bathrooms and breakfast were basic but as I got a great nights sleep it wasn't a problem.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A good base for a London visit,"We used this hotel for a three night stop over whilst taking in a show and visiting some of the London sites. The hotel was very clean, the staff were very pleasant friendly and helpful. It was a good location for our needs.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great value, great location","The Tavistock is well priced for London.  It is in a great location and the staff are very efficient and friendly.  The hotel furniture etc. is being upgraded.  The bathrooms are a little tired, but perfectly adequate.  All in all, a very good place to stay.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good Hotel, centrally located","Tavistock Hotel is centrally locates, very good connectivity. Most of the touris atttaction is nearby. Staff is very good and friendly.   They need to do something with the bed. They were not comfortable.   Otherwise good hotel at a good price when considering the location of the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mix feelings,I stayed on tavistok 8 nights. First night was awful. I checked in at around 22.45 and they gave the worst room i have ever lived in in my whole life room 845. I could not sleep from the noise of the ventilation the aircondition compresors and the elevator machine. Because i could not sleep i came down to reception and asked for a room change. The guy there told me he could do nithing beacuse the hotel was full and i had to wait until morning to talk to the morning shift. I stayed down to reception all night and in the morning i told the morning shift about the problem.they said that they will change my room by noon as they did and i was transfered to room 817. Which was nice and quite. If i choose ti atay again at tavistok hotel i will definately ask for thesame room. All staff…,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The Bad and The Good,"The Bad ... Not happy to discover (only on arrival) that the free 3 course dinner on the first night only if staying more than 2 consecutive nights (we were 4) had not been 'ticked' when booking, so did not apply! As the stone-faced receptionist couldn't care less we asked to speak to the Manager (Mr Smith). He 'agreed' that the website was slightly misleading in that when booking your accommodation, then booking the meal, it did look as if you were then booking another room (as we had) and to leave it with him and he would see what he could do! It was only when bumping into him in the street a couple of days later and asking him that we learned 'no can do'! I am sure we are not the first (or last) to be conned by this! What is wrong with either including the offer automatically…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean and basic,"My partner and I stayed here for two nights in a double room overlooking Tavistock Square. The hotel is clean but basic. No frills but perfectly comfortable for a couple of nights. Brilliant location for anyone wanting access to central London. Staff are professional and helpful. Conveniently, there is a good pub downstairs with an Indian buffet restaurant attached, and a convenience store around the corner.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A very comfortable overnight stay,"The hotel was booked for us by the company we were travelling with, we stayed one night at each end of our holiday.  We were impressed by the checking-in procedure.  The room in each instance was spotless and ideal for our purpose.  Breakfast offered plenty of choice and the waiting staff were efficient and friendly.  One evening we had a snack in the bar and were pleased with the quality of the food we had ordered and the cost.  Would definitely stay again, even if we booked for ourselves.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Convenient, great staff.","Regular visitor, always staff helpful, food good selection. Rooms adequate, clean and fresh at all times. Convenient for central London shopping. British Museum close, Very good value, especially weekends. A warm welcome assured.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, good value.","We stayed in a twin room with opening window on 7th floor.  The decor was a bit tired in places but it was very clean & perfectly adequate for us - a very good room for the cost of it which included breakfast. The staff on the desk & at breakfast were so helpful & polite.  Check in and out times are very reasonable. The Russell Square location is excellent and again, for the rate, it's a bargain. There are several hotels in the family run chain. I will definitely return. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Overnight Stay on way Home,"Stayed here for one night on 19th September mainly due to proximity to Euston station and didn't really expect much due to other reviews. However whilst the hotel is a little dated and could do with modernising the room and bathroom were very clean and comfortable. The public areas, reception, bar and Poppadom express are very pleasant and we would recommend the Poppadom Express as it is self service buffet style, at lunch time when we had lunch, and the food and variety is of the highest quality and as good as any other we have had. It is, from experience, Bangadeshi and as said top notch. We would definately stay here again. Finally the breakfast was also very good and the staff throughout were very freindly and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Just not nice,"I have stayed here numerous times due to work. Never liked the place much, something definitely lacking. Do not feel like a welcome guest.  Beds uncomfortable and pillows very lumpy. Rooms get very hot with no way to cool them down. I have to take off the blankets as am allergic to the ones they use, no duvets. If you need to iron clothes, only one iron for the whole hotel, and it isn't very efficient. Cheap, that's why we use it as I work for a charity, but fortunately there are other options now so won't be back.  I wouldn't recommend here, there are other options.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Let down by poor customer service,"The hotel is well-located and reasonably priced for central London. Cleaning is to an acceptable standard and the rooms are OK if basic. However, unfortunately I would not return to this hotel again after being very taken aback by an unusually poor experience with customer service. The hotel website is very clunky, and somehow the offer that I had clicked on when booking (five nights accommodation plus one night's dinner included) had apparently come through as just five nights' accommodation. I discovered this only when checking in. As the offer was still available on the website I assumed that this would be the work of 2 minutes to fix. Unfortunately the receptionist was very rude and unhelpful. He refused to honour the booking and would only repeat brusquely that it was my…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good choice for a *** hotel,"Booked online through Imperialhotels. Stayed 6 nights, first in a single and later, when joined by wife, in a double. Hotel is old-ish but kept up well. Check-in and out were efficient. Rooms were fine- clean, reasonably quiet, plenty of instantaneous hot water, plush towels, cable tv. Breakfast was traditional British. Got a bit boring by the 6th day (no changes at all), but it was good. Am used to some fresh fruit, fresh tomato and cucumber, cheeses and yoghurts, but these items will be not found here (or anywhere in Britain?). Location is excellent, basically within a 20-25 min walk to anywhere, except the British Museum, which is only 5 minutes away. Two minutes to Russell Square Picadilly line station. Convenience store and plenty of snack offerings nearby. Only quarrel is…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short visit,"I was on my way back from Italy and decided to have a night in London before the train to Manchester 9 a bad idea as it turned out as all Manchester trains were cancelled next morning!)  However, I had stayed at one of the groups other hotels a few times and thought I'd try this one. It's well placed between Euston and Holborn. I wasn't expecting much of the room but was given a twin with separate WC separate and shower room. The room was a good size and everything worked. Very powerful shower which was nice. TV and tea/coffee making and hair dryer for those who need it (too late for me).  Reception was efficient and there's a good bar. Also next to the bar is an Indian buffet restaurant the Poppadum Express. For I think £14 it's help yourself, starters, poppadoms, choice of…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel ,"Decided to try this hotel as a cheaper option than the overpriced hotels I was used to in Paddington.  Very impressed and much better than I anticipated.  For a short stay of 3 to 5 days the hotel is great for solo travellers or couples.  Not sure would be good for families but depends on what you require I suppose.   Rooms are clean and secure, staff friendly and helpful. Bar is good and restaurant okay. Let's face it you're in London so you're not going to be holed up in your hotel all day. Location is superb and central to anywhere you'd probably want to go to. Excellent overall. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"Chose this hotel as part of a Virgin Superbreak   holiday and was  not disappointed, located near the junction with Upper Woburn place where several bus routes pass from Kings Cross Station. Nice quiet room with bath and shower and a good buffet style breakfast with plenty of pleasant staff ready to ""top up"" your tea or coffee, but an hotel can be judged by its attention to ""housekeeping"" requests, a dud bedside lamp was reported and replaced immediately",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not a good experience,"I was booked into this hotel for an event, but never again. Ok, so the location is good, although of course that means the rooms with the lovely view of the square are also pretty noisy, but other than that, what is positive? Not the bed - uneven mattress, creaky. Not the bathroom - tiny bath and antiquated fixed-head shower with random flow of water. And not the breakfast - no ham, cheese, yoghurt or fresh fruit. How they can call orange or apple juice, cereal and toast or a roll 'continental' is beyond me. Cooked breakfast was trays of stuff drying out under heaters. Horrid. ",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ideal location in central London,"Stayed here for a week for a business trip. This hotel gets 4 stars because of the location...walking distance to Oxford street, London school, UCL, and many other places. Lots of coffee shops and restaurants in the vicinity, and easy public transportation by bus or metro. Don't expect much with the rooms, they are small but have all the basic amenities. Housekeeping staff are friendly and most greet you on the corridors. The breakfast is very basic and could do with some more nutritious options e.g. fresh fruit and yoghurt. For the price and location, not bad.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap n cheerful ,"Got a great deal for this hotel . 4 nights , dinner first night and breakfast every morning. Hotel isn't the most modern or have a lot of facilities but it is what it is . The hotel is clean , although the rooms aren't massive they are big enough for a comfortable stay in the center of London . Room was cleaned every day , towels changed every day . Great price in the Centre of London 5 minutes walk from euston train / tube station . All sights are within 30/40 min walk if you like walking . ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,Just stayed for 1 night for a theatre evening it is in an excellent location as tube station is just around the corner. Our room on the first floor overlooked the park which was nice the room was basic but clean and could do with a makeover and would prefer a duvet on the bed rather than a blanket and cover. The breakfast was nice although I feel the fried eggs could have been better as they were all rather hard.The staff are all very friendly overall good value for central London.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good,"Stayed here for 3 nights. Very friendly and quick check in. Stayed here 3 years ago and the hotel has been slightly renovated since then, room we where in was small and looked into other hotel rooms, didn't bother us, it was only for sleeping.Extractor fans from kitchen where bit loud, but if u where at front of hotel it would be traffic that was noisy. First night we had complimentary meal, we chose the Indian restaurant in hotel but u also have choice of 3 other hotels u can dine in. Breakfast in morning was plentiful and lots of breakfast staff. The only thing I would say to management is.......do not wash bath towels with ur kitchen towels.....they where smelling of curry. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Very nice hotel, clean, nice staff, great location","Stayed with my 15 year old daughter 20-25.8.2017 I think we were on the fifth floor, had a view of the Tavistock garden which was lovely. there was a small electric kettle with tee, coffee, sugar, milk the bath room was spacious enough and clean  large tub with unlimited very hot water any time of the day and the pressure was great!!! Windows opened only few CM each so not much fresh air. nice lobby very pleasant staff willing to assist in any question or matter We lost our card keys one evening so they issued us a new pair immediately no questions asked Room was clean and tidy every day on our return with fresh towels, toilet paper, cofee, tee, sugar and milk. The included continental breakfast was not tempting. Near the hotel are some nice gardens we went jogging in 2 of them…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean hotel in great location,"Location is excellent, near tube station and bus routes. Checked in quite early but got the rooms anyway. Rooms not very spatious, but who wants to spend a holiday in room anyway? Bed very comfy and rooms very clean. No aircon so had to keep windows open all the time, not a problem, earplugs helped during sleep.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Rail Discovories pre night tour,Excellent hotel in a super location not far from theatre land only 20 minutes by foot or easily accessible by tube friendly staff  Hotel can be busy at times at breakfast but the staff are always there to help you very comfortable beds sometimes rooms can be a little bit warm hence my 4 out of 5 Stars,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Quality,"Every aspect of this hotel is quality. The staff are helpful,  courteous and cheerful; everywhere clean; good food; light and spacious communal areas; pleasant rooms. Tavistock Square is just across the road with memorials and beautiful trees. This was my second time there and I'll be booking again each time I visit London whether for business or pleasure. Love it! Denise L",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic hotel! ,"We have stayed here numerous times and the location is perfect, 5 minute walk from Russel square tube station and 10 minutes from kings cross.   The rooms are spacious and clean, the hotel has been refurbished since last time we visited and the wolf and whistle bar is amazing serving cocktails and a bar menu of food. The reception area looks modern but still inkeeping with the Art Deco theme.  Staff are friendly and nothing is too much trouble, the general manager also has a presence and is often wandering round chatting to you.   Breakfast is buffet style and contains all the usual elements of an English breakfast.  For the price and to say you are in central London I could not fault this hotel.  Would certainly visit again ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",4 night stay,"we stayed at tavistock as  a family of four for four days.we loved it,friendly staff and helpful.breakfast was good.our room was very big with 2 single beds and one double bed.it was comfy.we only heard ambulances and police sirence at night.stations like st pancras,kingscross and euston were near and buses too.we used number 10 to go oxford street. would stay in it agian.prices were reasonable to other hotels.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Birthday stay with friends,"A great hotel in walking distance of Euston station, all the staff were very helpful and friendly, as we stayed more than 2 nights we were given a complimentary  3 course dinner on the first night at the hotel, this was an all you can eat buffet curry, very nice, there was also the choice of 3 other hotels in walking distance offering different choices of menus. The breakfast was buffet style too giving a choice of full English or continental, only downfall were the cups of tea, not sure if it was the water or the tea bags or both, but it was grey in colour and not much taste. The rooms were clean and well presented, with everything on hand, friends found the bathroom too small but it didn't bother me, the showers were fab gushing out lots of hot water. When visiting London…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One night stay,"We needed a place to stay for one night in the area and this was very reasonable.  Clean, good shower and comfortable (hard) bed. It was nice to get a view of Tavistock Square but you might be better off getting a room at the back if you want to get to sleep before one in the morning (police use the main street a lot to wee-waw down). Continental breakfast was limited, but the cooked one was fine.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel,The hotel was fine it answered all of our needs in few nights stay in london and it has a great location - this is his main forte! The rooms are simple but stisfaying. The breakfast is tipical but does not have solutions for vegan and gluten free eaters,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A really great hotel and great value for money.,"Myself and my daughter stayed here for two nights as a treat for my daughter's 18th birthday. W booked it through Superbreak and close it primarily because of its location. It was a delight from start to finish. The reception staff were friendly and welcoming. The lobby and bar are decorated in an Art Deco style which I adore. The room was clean, comfortable and plenty big enough for the two of us. We were on the sixth floor but we still got a lot of noise from the road with the windows open, which we had to as it was quite hot and there is no air conditioning. The first night was a bit disturbed but after a full day of being tourists, we slept better on the second night. We had a full breakfast included in our package which, for a buffet style breakfast was very impressive.…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ideal location,"The hotel is in an ideal location for a London sightseeing trip, the underground station is only 5 mins walk away. Room was to a good standard and had all facilities needed for a pleasant stay. The breakfast served in the restaurant downstairs was a buffet, and had plenty of choice.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Use this hotel a lot,This time I staid at the county hotel in the chain. But use the Travistock hotel as well. This time I came over for evening meal in their dining room which had a fantastic Indian restaurant in at night. If your staying over the weekend remember to book your free meal voucher and you eat here for free,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The Indian Restaurant Buffet on the main floor was delicious.,"It was a bit noisy from the street and we were there during a hot spell, so air conditioning or fans would have been good. Wake up calls were hit and miss (kind of important if you're trying to catch a flight)",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location and price (for London),"I was in London for 6 nights for a work conference.  The Tavistock is central and one of the cheapest hotels I could find, and the staff, particularly at the bar, were very friendly — for these reasons I've given the hotel a 3 rather than a 2.  The rooms are very basic, and unfortunately mine hadn't been fully cleaned when I checked in (the worse part was the hairs in the bathtub). Some relatively cheap improvements would make this a much better hotel, e.g. more than 1 iron for the entire hotel, greater availability of fans, water fountain anywhere in the hotel (£1.30 for a small bottle of water in the vending machine is a bit steep).",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Totally different from our previous visit.,"Myself, my wife and my 88year old mother in two double rooms. Peak period and not cheap. We were booked in by 5 (yes five) foreign reception staff who seemed to overwhelm the  check in procedure and apparently all 5 forget to mention that we should have ticked the special offer box to obtain the free evening meal during the check in procedure. When we complained it was dismissed with ""well you should have read the small print for special offers"". Not a good start. Next we requested assistance about how to get to Buckingham Palace and were rejected with I don't know ask at the next desk. Now I was not in a very good mood with the reception desk personnel. Day 2 and it did get better, as did days 3 & 4. Bathroom - extract unit not working, water taps loose, interconnecting door…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"This was the second time we had stay at this hotel. We always stay at one of London Imperial Hotels when we visit London, the choice is usually determined if we are alone or with grandchildren, The Tavistock when we have grandchildren as they are the only hotel in the chain to have quad rooms. As usual the service was excellent the food great and the staff very helpful and friendly. The hotel bar had been refurbished since our last visit and the sitting improved. Have already book our next visit, would recommend, very difficult to beat on both cost and service.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location ,"Stayed here for long weekend in July 5 years after my last trip to London in same hotel. Good location near Euston and Russell Sq stations. Had a room facing the gardens opposite hotel. Room was ok size, clean and bed comfy. Bathroom was a tad small but didn't bother us. However the shower was so powerful it blew the shower curtain and flooded the floor! Wardrobe very small ideal for long weekend but if staying any longer may struggle to fit your clothes.  The hotel has a bowling alley underneath it Friday & Saturday I think it turned into a nightclub and the music was so loud even with our windows shut I did struggle to sleep on the Friday.  The hotel bar decor was nice although no atmosphere. We used the free dinner on the first night had a carvery in the Royal National it was…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent base,"Had a super 3 nights break, excellent service lovely breakfast each day. Was given a choice of four hotels to have our first night complimentary meal which allowed us to have more spending money!! Good situation for buses and Russell Square underground. Good price and value for money. Definitely use this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location and good value for money,This hotel is situated within easy walking distance of Euston Station and King's Cross railway stations.       Russell Square tube station is also within easy walking distance which is handy for the main tourist attractions.   Hotel itself is good value for money.   Rooms are basic but clean and linen/towels are changed regularly (we stayed for 4 nights).    Breakfast is adequate but a bit of variety wouldnt go amiss.   Coffee is truly awful - it gives cheap and nasty a bad name! - so take your own.   Staff are really lovely and very helpful.   We had dinner the first evening (indian) which was fine but wouldn't rush back (it was included in the price/deal).   Nice lounge area for a nightcap after a hard day sightseeing.  There is a left luggage facility (50 per item) which is…,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent city base,"Fab hotel, really close to tube and easy access to central London and all the attractions. Rooms are clean, large for price  (we booked a family room) and the staff are fantastic.  Breakfast is the usual buffet style all English or there's cereal, toast, smoked haddock, fruit etc. Only 2 small things and it would have been 5 stars. The tea at breakfast is shockingly bad, weakest I've ever seen, a decent English breakfast tea is desperately needed. The shower is attached to the taps with no way to fix it to the wall so you can't stand under it but need to hold the shower head in one hand all the time. 2 simple things to fix and the hotel would be perfect for us.  Would definitely recommend it though. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for money,"The hotel is well located and has good size rooms. Nice english breakfast, but little offer of Continental. A good option to be in central London and enjoy a decent stay and good value for the money you pay. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Just got back from this hotel - this was our third stay and the hotel has had a refurb since our last visit. The reception and bar are totally different now and look great. The location is ideal just one stop from kings cross and only five minutes walk from the tube to get to the hotel. Set in the heart of the city the main tourist attractions are a few stops away and great for shopping. We ate at the evening buffet and the food was lovely, breakfast was great and the service as always is great - nothing is too much trouble and the staff ensure you have a great stay- I can not recommend enough and we will be back ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic,"I should have looked properly but I didn't notice that there's no aircon in THE WHOLE HOTEL! It was 37 degrees. A very kind housekeeper on our 8th floor gave us her fan when she went off duty. Total lifesaver.  Thank you.  The hotel is central and the breakfast was good but the rooms are very old, tired and basic.  The young Spanish receptionist was lovely and accommodating to our needs(we changed rooms twice!). I'd definitely recommend this establishment to travellers on a budget as long as it isn't a swealtering hot day. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Hotel amenities on a budget,"Finding a reasonably priced room in London can try once patience, particularly, if you don't want to dispense with basic comfort.   The Tavistock hotel is. indeed, a place where you can enjoy standard hotel comforts, such as en-suite bathroom, toiletries, a friendly and well staffed reception and a good breakfast experience with attentive service.  And it does lie in the heart of London, only walking distance from Kings Cross.  It is quite dated though and with no air conditioning the rooms easily overheat during summer. Situated centrally, opening windows may disturb your sleep, as experienced by myself.  So, overall, you do get value for money and will be able to enjoy your stay in Britain's capital with a few potential drawbacks.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very dated,"we flew down with BA and hotel was in with price but very outdated and worn ,for the area its in and prices they need to help it out a bit and invest it was solidly booked for whole weekend , no air con in room b/fast waiter was quite loud and rude to some also we were nevr offered the upgraded b/fast once but to be fair probs wouldn't have used it anyway as loads places around an about lots of subway points to get you all around , reception staff were nice enough though, but noy lot choices at a bar for that size of hotel . surrounding area of hotel is cracking and 10-15 min walk to camden market 10 min walk to kings cross station everywhere pretty much 10 15 mins on tube to get to . If only they would consider bit of investment in rooms would reaaly bring the place up to…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",perfect location,stayed for the weekend through superbreak. Wasn't expecting much but it wasn't too bad. check it was quick and easy... room was basic but clean. was about 10 min walk from kings cross. We walked everywhere- or got a hop on hop off bus. Breakfast was basic-English fry up or cereals... restaurant supervisor was abit miserable and spoke to staff like rubbish but hey ho.  Food was nice.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",If I could give a zero I would,Room on the 8th floor in what felt like the attic - tiny single bed  with blankets (is it 1974) and a tea tray with a yellow kettle and 1950s crockery. And this was after I outright rejected the first room they gave me. Unhelpful (bordering on rude) staff. and the kitchen was closed - despite advertising food till 10pm. Didnt even attempt breakfast when I saw the scrum. Never again.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel is a Terrific Place,"We loved the Tavistock because of it's location--fairly close to the tube station and to Russell Square. Our room overlooked the Tavistock Square, a peace park, that was delightful. The room was clean and quiet, and a lovely breakfast is included in the price.The staff was friendly and helpful, too. A good place to stay!!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Best value,"I stay at the Tavistock four times a year, love the hotel for its friendliness. Where else gives you breakfast each morning and evening meal on your first night for if you stay for two for £119 a night. The drinks are local price rather than London price, great for travellers arriving at Euston and walking distance to tubes, Covent Garden and British Museum",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Can't fault this hotel and had a good night with breakfast,"We booked with Superbreak and had a very short stay here. It's very convenient for Kings Cross ( less than 30min walk) and closer to Russell Sq. Next to a lovely park and road on a Saturday/ Sunday not too busy (managed a good nights sleep even with the window open) We didn't need our room so we just left our luggage with the concierge at 12 noon, which was securely locked up. First impressions, polite helpful staff, comfortable reception and clean toilets!  We returned after our concert at 1am. Hotel quiet and no problems getting our luggage and room. Our room was on the 5th floor, noticed good carpet and underlay so walking to room was quiet. Room a good size and clean, no air conditioning that I could see but the window was open slightly and this helped on a warm…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Small room but adequate,"Hotel has a lovely foyer, bar and restaurant. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. Rooms are small and a bit dated but clean. It was also very warm in the room but as we were on the 8th floor we could leave windows open. Breakfast was very nice with full English or continental. Had to queue to get in restaurant but didn't take long. Hotel is in a great spot for Euston and tube is close by.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location but otherwise average.,"The Tavistock Hotel has a had a recent refurbishment of the main areas and looks clean and professional. The reception staff were polite and attentive.   Breakfast is a mixed bag. The food is good but the service is in need of improvement. There is on offer: cereals, porridge, toast (with plenty of butter and jam at your table), and the traditional cooked breakfast, all of which you can help yourself to as much as you like. I had the cooked breakfast and was pleased with the flavour and quality of ingredients. Tea and coffee is served by the staff but fruit juices and water are self service. The staff are a little slow on turn over so the tables are often unset before you are seated. Tablecloths were rarely clean. The man seating you is a little gruff but not offensive. I…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Anniversary weekend,"Yet again we have made a visit here & had no issues, we come twice a year.  July for our anniversary & new year 😀  The revamp of the reception & bar area looks amazing 😊 It was nice to see tinned tomatoes are back @breakfast ☺  Now looking forward to our new year stay here 👏 great stay as always 👍",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good Location, Not so good rooms...","Got this hotel in a deal to London so didn't have a choice but hoped for at least a good night sleep...  The Hotel itself is Nice looking and all although is a bit old looking but that doesn't matter if the room was good at least...  The Room was nice at best. From a size perspective, it is fine, not too small like other hotel rooms I were but not too big also so don't expect so much.  The bad was horrible, mattresses that needed long time replacement, very hard, springs are all rough and broken. Sheets are very basic and the blanket is old and not comfort at all (for our opinion).  The shower also very old, without hand and hose handle but we manage...  Room service is good though. they clean every day.  Free breakfast is a continental one so its very poor BF. You can add about…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Would not recommend - terrible experience!,"For Christmas, my brother bought me tickets to the Harry Potter Studios. As a massive Harry Potter fan I was beyond excited. We spent months planning the trip, trying to work it around both of our busy schedules. We eventually settled on the first week of July and set about looking for a hotel and flights. We discovered the Tavistock Hotel via an Easy Jet package at a very reasonable price. I did some research and found that the reviews were quite positive so we decided to book. That was our first mistake! We arrived in London on the 3rd July. It had been a long day travelling. Despite only coming from Ireland, there was the drive to the airport, the flight and the journey from Gatwick to the hotel. We left the house at 11:00 in the morning, arriving at the hotel at 6:30 in the…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worked up a sweat,"Used this hotel for a short city break. It's pretty well located being a ten minute walk from Euston Station and twenty minutes from the West End and the theatres etc. And the British Museum is just round the corner. It was also quite good value for money but the major downside for us was the lack of air conditioning and no fans provided for the room. The room got unbearably hot and opening windows made it far too noisy to sleep. Breakfast was decent enough for a buffet affair but the dining room is soulless, think school dinners without the custard but with the mayhem. Room was small, clean enough without being sparkling but was tired looking and could have done with a coat of paint. If you manage to avoid the hot season (which is usually rather short in London) then you won't…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very pleasant place to stay,"My visit was very nice. The staff were helpful and professional, especially when it came to resolving my two reservations, one for my first two days and the second for my last day (which was more expensive than the other two). My room was pleasant despite the fact that there was no A/C. I really loved the deep bathtub and the hot, HOT water. Not everything was particularly fancy, The breakfast (which was included in my stay) was not very vegan-friendly or, for that matter, particularly vegetarian--and the tea was served in a thermal carafe instead of in a pot. The room did not have air conditioning (this is standard for UK, so I wasn't surprised). I have no complaints at all and would recommend the hotel. It's close to all sorts of major venues including the British Library, the…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Stay in the Euston area often to catch Eurostar and use Euston Station but first time we have stayed here as assumed a little way out from stations-however, only about 5 minutes walk to Euston and about 20 to St Pancras. Quite dated and old fashioned but in many respects in a good way. Reasonable room on the 3rd floor with shower over the bath. Reception staff were friendly and helpful as we arrived about 9.00 pm on the Eurostar. Reasonable choice at breakfast of fruit and cooked food.Staff ok but don't put your knife and fork down as your plate will be whisked away!! Great place for a nights stay and with Superbreak at £120 for B+B would stay there again. Nice Prezzo on the corner by Euston Station on the same road as hotel (4/5 minutes)",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Theatre break,"Booked this hotel as limited availability in our usual hotels.  Price with breakfast very good.   Our room on first floor was clean and basic it did the job downside it was above the entrance to their bowling alley so the music and people leaving disturbed us until well after midnight.    Breakfast was very busy big queues getting a table their seemed to be more guests than they had tables .....they really should use the lounge bar as an overflow breakfast dinner when the hotel is fully booked.     Ideal hotel for people on a budget and alright with no frills budget hotel ......don't book it if you are fussy, rooms clean but not very modern and bathroom is bath/shower very dated and in need of a refurbish ok for a night but any longer and I would of swapped hotels for a bit in…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cancellation policy very strict,I had to cancell the booking in the morning because of the cancellation of the Adele concert. No any coulance and so i have to pay the fully 100%. No change of refund with new bookings. Poor service! I hope they will come back on this decission,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",FA Vase Cup final weekend,Our party of five visited this hotel on Saturday 20/5 for one night. Very comfortable hotel and the breakfast had plenty of variety. Staff really pleasant and helpful. Definitely would stay there again. 15 minute walking distance of Kings Cross and 20 minutes walking distance of Covent Garden.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Well priced hotel in good location,"I stay here every time I am in London.  The rooms are a decent size, clean and there's breakfast included, if you want it.  It's a very convenient location and easy to get around, either by public transport or on foot.  I do have two issues that I always experience with the hotel though; one being the breakfast room staff (if they don't like the Maitre'd seating you in their area, you will not get the table cleared from the previous diner or the offer of tea or coffee) and the other being the shower heads (very old and badly designed).  Neither of these are bad enough to stop me staying here again, but bad enough to stop me giving 4 stars.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely central London stay,"We were down in London for the Trooping the Colour and wanted a centrally located hotel. The Tavistock seemed to suit all of our requirements. We arrived Friday afternoon and found the hotel very welcoming. The reception is of a very traditional design with some lovely features (love the clock above the lifts). This not a modern hotel but it is very well maintained. The reception staff were very pleasant and allocated us a room on the 3rd floor. On arrival at the room we were quite disappointed as the room was quite small and the outlook, out of the back of the building, was awful, facing three other walls full of windows of other buildings and a large, very noisy air conditioning unit. As this was the hottest weekend of the year and we would need the windows open this would…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",value hotel within easy walking distance of Covent Garden and British museum overlooking Tavistock a Park,"Reasonably priced with Super Breaks . Our room was a little small but perfectly adequate and  quite minimal but all clean and comfortable.  The room was a little warm as no aircon  or window vents but opening the windows helps but you then hear traffic noise although it does get quieter during the night . Polite helpful reception staff who helped to arrange transport to Wembley stadium when a taxi firm we had booked earlier that day had cancelled last minute . Everything you need on your doorstep , nice park across the road and restruants and Russel square park two minutes walk .",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",I don't understand the adverse reviews,"Four of us stayed for three nights B&B at an exceptional rate (£106 prpn) for London Hotels. Yes it is 3 star but I have stayed in 3 star hotels without ice machines! The staff were fine, room very clean- fresh sheets and towels every day. Décor downstairs ArtDeco-ish. Plenty to eat for full English breakfast- good bar with snacks and two types real ale. Great location. To be picky the bathroom was a tad small and no safe in room- but could use facilities at reception- ""charge"" for holding luggage only £1!! - I'd give at least that as a tip.Keep it up",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Terrible Humiliating Service, Not Family-Friendly, Loud Street Noise and No A/C","We’ve traveled the world, stayed at countless properties and I’ve never received worse and more humiliating customer service. Hotel Tavistock had 3 kids working the front desk who decided to not only humiliate me in front of my children and other guests, but also purposefully demagnetize my room keys while I was out because the main kid, Shane, believed I was trying to game the system.  While booking through Hotels.com, there wasn’t an option to include our 3 little babies and we booked a double room for 2 adults. We figured the kids could share beds with us, but the argumentative hotel staff, who were eager to fight, demanded that we get another room at a higher rate and split our family up during check-in. They decided to tell us this in the most humiliating fashion ever,…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great, but not for a hot and long stay","We were staying here for 5 days, and the staff was pretty nice. Reception staff were kind, and when we didnt find our room, the cleaners helped us very kindly. The old man at the breakfast hall was kind of rude. We didnt hear him greeting us, and we didnt understand a word he said, still though i understand some pretty hard english. He was just mumbling to us. And the breakfast was such a dissappointment. Just some dry bread, cereal and juice. And if you wanted more, just pay 7 pounds! Wasnt worth it. The rooms were altogether pretty clean and the beds were nice. The restroom and shower was also nice and clean, but it was so tiny, the door didnt open very well. But the reason i only gave two as a grade, is the hotness!!!! It just was the heatwave, and oh the nights! We couldn't…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Before you stay, you should know . . .","We've stayed in a number of hotels throughout London over the years and this warrants a review/ warning for travelers.  As part of a package with British Airways, we were there a week.  Before you stay, you should know what to expect because this is more like a hostel with fewer services. I have given one star because the staff is friendly and the rooms are clean.  However . . . the lack of amenities was extreme.  There were no . . . ice machines in the hotel - we went to the bar and were given a plastic bucket of ice, but the bucket was cracked and in the morning we had a pool of water in the room on everything.  There are no safety deposit boxes though I saw a sign in lobby about renting them by the day.  The rooms are extremely small - as small as we've ever seen. Nowhere…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",a great hotel ,We stayed for one night on 17/6 Ten minute walk from kings cross station Lovely welcoming reception staff Room had all we needed for an overnight stay - comfy bed and a large deep bath  The breakfast was buffet style and catered for all tastes All the staff we spoke to were friendly and helpful ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worth a visit,"This is a decent hotel, situated right in the heart of Bloomsbury.  It's a 3 star, so pretty basic, but there are plenty of great little touches which make it worth a visit. The hotel is decorated in art deco style, right down to the entrance which streets to be pewter.  The hotel benefits from concierge staff to help you find where you need to go and who will help with moving luggage.  There are a number of lifts in the property so getting to the right floor is easy.  The rooms are somewhat basic and very warm. There doesn't seem to be any air conditioning and the window in my room wouldn't open. Had i been there for any longer than 1 night, it might have been an issue but on this occasion it was something is could live with.  There are things in the rooms which need updating…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",TERRIBLE! AVOID THIS PLACE!,"Terrible, terrible place, maybe the worst hotel I've ever stayed in... and I have been traveling non stop for 5 years....  I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! Not to my worst enemy. Nothing good about it....  I will break it up for you in sections:  STAFF: The most unfriendly, unhelpful and even rude staff I have ever seen in my life. The old man in charge of the breakfast room was truly unhelpful, super rude. The reception and concierge were also very cold and not friendly at all. Customer service is totally lacking here... I read the reviews (unfortunately after ending up here) and the hotel always reply to these type of comments that they will train their staff further to ensure the quality of the attention... It seems they never did (just assuming these are not their 'high…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good hotel in good location and reasonably priced,"stayed here last weekend, booked at the last minute .Arrived in London early on Saturday and wanted to leave our luggage , rang the hotel and they were very helpful and said this would be no problem. Arrived at Hotel at 1pm and we were allocated a room. Basic room with no aircon but perfectly adequate , very clean with toiletries and plenty of towels provided. On the Sunday morning we had a great breakfast , there was a full choice ranging from Continental to the full English, excellent staff who were very friendly and helpful. Close to Russell Square tube station which is a  5 minute walk. Two lovely squares nearby to walk in , with lots of cafes and bars and restaurant's within an easy walk this is a god location to stay when in London. Not our first stay in the area but first…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised... will return,"While visiting our daughter in UCL hospital we were pleasantly surprised to find the style and location of this hotel at a cost well below what we would have been charged by one of the budget chain of hotels. good room, small but adequate with decent bathroom and excellent buffet style breakfast. We found the staff to be helpful and friendly.  We brought a faulty window catch to the attention of the reception and were offered another room if we wished. Will certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Basic room , no air con or double glazing","Hotel is in convenient location, but on a busy road. Downstairs area is nice. Rooms are very small, a double is size of a single. No air con so room was terribly hot on warm night. Very old windows, not double glazed. Very noisy air con unit outside, could hear it very loudly even when windows shut. I will not be returning.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic clean accommodation at a value price.,"The rooms at the Tavistock are on the small side, very plain and somewhat dated, but very clean.  The beds were reasonably comfortable, and housekeeping did a good job servicing the room.  We didn't have any issues with noise, but we were on an upper floor on the small side street - not sure if this would be an issue on one of the busier streets.  The bath room was compact, well laid out, and the water pressure very good.  The hallways were in need of a refresh, though the lobby area was nicer.   The breakfast was fine - though of the mass produced steam table variety.  A good location - easy to walk to the British Museum and only a couple of blocks from a tube stop and a rail station.  Good value option for those of us on a budget.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Three star but punching up for 4,"I used to use the bistro here, Jacques, and the partner is a regular guest on business, but this was my first time to stay here and the hotel cannot be beaten on its offering.  Jacques alas has gone and I was worried the renovations would see other changes but they have retained the hotel's 1920s' design which is a huge draw for those looking for a bit of character.  Part of the Imperial Group the hotels offers the best value going. Technically 3 star but there are aspects which make it more akin to a budget 4 star. Book direct online for the best deals with breakfast and even complimentary dinner if you book more than 2 nights (look under other offers under your room selection). Simple, spotless rooms, fresh lined and fluffy towels, good service all round from reception to…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A well priced 3 star hotel,I stayed here with my wife for a couple of nights. Its conveniently located for exploring London.    It's about a 3 minute walk from Russell Square underground and several open top bus companies pick up from just around the corner.  The hotel decor was tired in places but they maintained alot of the original art deco style features which was really beautiful. The entrance lobby looked like it had been newly decorated.  The bar has been recently refurbished and looks great.  Breakfast was served in the indian restaurant attached to the hotel. Breakfast was good but staff etiquette could do with being improved. We were waved over and pointed to our table instead of being shown. But other than that the cooked breakfast buffet nice and you could eat as much as you liked.  The…,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Does the job,"A very clean if tired room but for the price and location couldn't go wrong. Separate loo and bathroom - which could be v convenient I think. However this made both feel small. Bed was comfy. Sheets changed daily. Staff all v good and attentative in bar area and rooms. Odd ticket system at breakfast overseen by the most miserable looking chap but all was edible and plentiful. Lovely Art Deco bat area with plenty seating and room to meet friends and chat. Staff remembered our order so when we went back to the bar just said ""same again""  Excellent location - only 10 min walk to Euston and 15 / 20 min walk to theatre land. We had a great stay and would recommend this hotel for anyone just wanting a base to stay close to the west end etc.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Base For Exploring London but noisy,4 Night Stay and found the Tavistock a comfortable base to explore the city.  Room noise can be a problem as we were on the Woburn Place side. Although we were on the 8th floor the sound of traffic and endless sirens went on all night. Don't forget your reservation form if you have booked through an agent. I didn't have mine and was treated like a 6 year old at reception. I had all the details on my phone but that didn't seem to be good enough. Maybe The Tavistock should realise who the customer is and not be so petty. That's why I can only give an average rating.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,"We stayed here for 3 nights in May. We were travelling with family, a total of 7 of us. We were looking for a place that was affordable and in a good location. This hit both those marks. The rooms were on the 7th floor, very basic and we found them to be quite hot so always had the windows open. The breakfast was ok, if you had English breakfast option. The continental was only toast and cereal.  On our last day we checked out and left our luggage at the hotel for 50p which was convenient. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Excellent price,service and location",I've stayed here a couple of times and can't fault it. Check in is easy. All staff are very polite. The room is clean and the beds are very comfortable. For a central London hotel is extremely quiet here. Very little road traffic at night and not much noise even with my window wide open. I've never had any disturbance through the walls. Breakfast is great too. I'll always stay at the Tavistock when I'm in town from now on. I don't think you'll find a better hotel for the price. Considering you're so close to the centre of town the price is  terrific.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Weekend,"I have just returned from a superb weekend in London, made all the better by staying at The Tavistock. Excellent family room for 4, with two sinks and four real beds (not a zed bed in sight). Bar prices reasonable, excellent concierge service. We will definitely be back. 10 mins walk from Euston, 15 min walk from Covent Garden and the West End. Thank you!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another great syst,"Just returned from yet another stay from the Tavistock hotel, could not fault it at all - great to see the lovely bar is now finished.. enjoyed having a drink in the bar - pure luxury!! While I was in there I could see a man walking through and he asked everyone in there if they were ok, he even asked the bar staff - that's what I call caring for you guests ( I think he may have been the manager as he was in a suit but I did not get to see what it said on his badge).. it's good to see that the grey haired man in the restaurant is still there - what a national treasure. See you again soon",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Vastly improved,"I've waited until the hotel had finished the refurbishment to write my recent - and boy have they done it right. From the moment you walk into the hotel you can see that the wait was definitely worth it.. it looks and feels amazing. The service that I received was again second to none.. the hotel staff make you feel so at home, is like a home from home.. I do not understand why some people find it in themselves to say the staff are horrible, are they sure there staying in the Tavistock. Every time I've stayed there they have been so welcoming.   All the staff that I've met over my past stays go out of there way to assist you where ever they can, from the reception team to the room people and the breakfast staff..   Please thank them personally for looking after me every visit..…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","five years on, still excellent","Four of us travelling to meet up in London, from Ireland, Hong Kong and corners of England...when checking for a central hotel in London some prices were silly and then I remembered this little gem of a place.  We were all staying different lengths of time but we all got booked in with no problem via their on web page. Single rooms for roughly £85 for one night but if staying longer, its cheaper. Since I stayed last they have revamped a little but its still a little dated, but at the price and location we didn't care! Staff still really helpful and friendly, nothing is too much bother. Best views from the higher floors over the park.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tip on evening meal,"As we have visited this Hotel 4 times we know what to expect, good staff and comfortable room. They have refurbished the lounge and got rid of the wine bar. This review is to inform the guests who receive a free evening meal with their booking, go to the President, the carvery is brilliant, hot food, yes hot food at a carvery, service good and quality of food excellent.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value for ccentral London,"I have stayed at the Tavistock now for the last three years when visiting London and keep coming back due to its location and price. Sure, some of the rooms can be noisy and there's no air conditioning but what do you expect for 83 pounds in central London. The buffet breakfast is adequate and has a good selection of food and the rooms although small, have everything you would need. If you're a seasoned traveller prepared to get what you pay for the Tavistock is excellent value for money in a great location. If you're fussy about small details, look for something more expensive.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mrs ,"Disappointed! Although the area of the hotel is very good, near to all transportation services (underground, bus station), the service of the hotel was not good at all. The check-in was at 2:00pm but they let us have our rooms at 5:00pm due to system failure. So, we were sitting at the lobby for 3 hours doing nothing. They couldn't even give us an internet access. At least they could have offered us a cup of coffee or tea. They didn't even bother. Just repeating themselves that they couldn't do anything. Breakfast was very poor although the staff there was very kind. Upon my departure I asked for 1 page printout (my ticket) and they denied. They asked me to go to an Internet cafe for the printing. The hotel was clean enough. ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",JUST DONT DO ITֱ!PLEASE!,"Well congratulation!! this hotel and his reception stuff and manager made me feel like i am in a 3 world country.... VEY VERY COLD rude reception stuff, will not help you even if you have a small request...""NO WE DONT DO IT"" - WITH A LEMON FACE...took me and other guests by a surprise....the room is very noisy i woke up by ambulace.difficult to fall asleep.even if you put 3 ear plugs.i begged for another room.didnt help.they didnt care even when i cryed they were very cold about it.there is a name for this behaviour... small room .they put a sigh on the window not to open it...glass with lipstic on it and the stuff dont care.I wrote an email to the managment and guess what? they dont care they wrote me back things that i dont wanna waist your time on reading that....i continue…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for Central London.,"Stayed one night in a single room. Cost less than 100 which is great for Central London. For this I got a room plus breakfast. Overall cleanliness and quality is OK but I would say down on Travelodge etc. But as I said, cheaper.  The room was very hot which was not controllable so had to open windows. A bit noisy. So at night the choice was hot or noisy.  Breakfast was poor. Exaggerated as I am vegitarian. I would skip this next time.   A perfectly acceptable hotel in central London at a cheap price.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Classic Business/Tourist Hotel in Central London,"The Tavistock is excellently situated in a quiet, yet central area of London. On the Corner of Woburn Place and Tavistock Square, the hotel partakes of the calm Bloomsbury atmosphere; and is very handy to Euston Rail station (as well as nearby St. Pancras for Eurostar service; and King's Cross to the northeast and Scotland), as well as the 91 bus route going to Holborn and Trafalgar Square. Really a perfect tourist location and a good area to come back to after sight-seeing.     The Tavistock and adjacent Royal National cater mainly to tourists, package tour groups, and business travellers. Rooms are comfortable with good showers and bathrooms, but rather simply furnished. The rates are quite reasonable for a European capital, and such a good neighborhood. Reception staff were…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Sad Hotel,"Unfortunately, you don't get much in central London for GBP100.00 and even this hotel charges GBP125.00 for couples. Sadly, even the nearby King Cross B&B's charge the same, unless your willing to share a bathroom. This is a run of the mill 2/3 star London Hotel, old, worn, small dated rooms, with under trained/managed staff. breakfast is included in the room rate, but it's very basic and expect dirty fingers handling all your plates, bowls and coffee cups. Staff are very poor quality. My room was clean, but had a very strong smell of paint, so I had to open the window, then had dusty curtains blowing around all night. There is no A/C or heating in the room, but it's not cold.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Art Deco great...mattress not so good ,"The Art Deco interior design in this hotel is lovely. The breakfast buffet in the morning was well cooked and the waiters kept our tea cups filled. However, my mattress and pillows were very uncomfortable. I was awake for hours until I finally decided the floor might be more comfortable - I was right and slept the rest of the night on the floor.  Considering the price of this room, I was very disappointed. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, adequate service","Stayed here for a couple of days - almost everything was satisfactory, except the room temperature. It was so hot, that even cracking open the windows did not help. I had to throw them completely open, and live with the constant traffic sounds.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Same owners that Royal National,"The best thing in this hotel is the situation and you can find lots of things inside and outside, Tesco, the British Museum, pubs, another supermarkets ... Also outside you can have diferents buses and the underground, Picadilly Line, and in you room you can choose the temperature of your heating, when I arrived they sent me a guy for help me to put it on. For me the bads things are the noise although this hotel is less noisy than the Royal National for breakfast you just have toast and if you want eggs or bacon you need to pay 5 pounds each per person and per day, and for the room the cleaning is not so good for the carpet and they don´t give you shampoo or gel for the shower.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel,"I recently took my granddaughter to London for the weekend as my husband works up there and stays in this hotel all week, I booked a family room and found the price quite reasonable, when we arrived I was not let down it was clean, airy and spacious, nicely decorated and everything we needed, also if you book at least a 2 night stay you get a complimentary 3 course meal which can be used at their sister hotels in the city for each person in the room , breakfast was lovely and plenty of choice, and the hotel is central to all the attractions, there is also a small park opposite which was nice to sit in and watch the squirrels, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value for money for Central London, good location.","Stayed in May 2017 for one night for early university business the following morning.  The plus points to this hotel, and the Imperial chain in general, are that they are good value for money for Bloomsbury and central London in general.  The Tavistock and the Imperial chain hotels are all consistently cheaper than the other local chains, like the Holiday Inn, Premier Inn etc.  I would rank the Tavistock as approximately one notch down from a generic Holiday Inn, Premier Inn etc.    The Tavistock Hotel is in an excellent location, opposite Tavistock Square, a very close walk to the universities, Russell Square etc. and 5-10 minutes from Tottenham Court Road, Oxford Street and Euston.  The hotel outside looks normal, and the updated reception and Art Deco style bar look smart.   …",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great location,"this hotel is in an excellent location being only one stop down on the tube from kings cross and it is very close to the Russell square tube station so its very easy to get around London from here. the hotel staff we had dealings with were all very friendly and helpful and we have no complaints on this score. the room was very basic but that's all we expected for the price, but we were on the 6th floor at the back of the hotel, and although we heard no road noise, we could still hear clearly, as other members have commented on the noise from the bowling alley, which goes on until the early hours of the morning..i had to use my ear plugs each night. the breakfast was very poor for choice especially the continental but thankfully we had paid for the full English which still didn't…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Outstanding Value, Location and Neighborhood","The ""Tavi"" is a great value and is a must for any lodger most interested in a reasonably clean and basic room and hotel without the ""bells and whistles"" of far more expensive hotels providing amenities you simply will not use, but you will pay for.  We have lodged at the Tavi dozens of times over the years and recommended it to all. If you prefer to pay 5 to 8 times the price for a room, stop reading this review and open your wallet to lodge elsewhere.  Otherwise, the Tavi is a great value in a great neighborhood catering to all of your needs.  It is fully recommended that you book directly with the Tavi to book for as good a price or better than through British Airways (BA). The Tavi has an extremely good cancellation policy and you will book an English breakfast included with…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",School dinner queue,A brilliant location just off of Tottenham Court Rd. Very good staff especially concierge. Room was small but sufficient with a lovely view over Tavistock Square. Shame about the breakfast. School dinner queue to get to a good selection of poor quality fair.  Would be very happy to stay here again but will skip breakfast for one served up the road for a fiver.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Stayed here on an weekend overnight trip. It was a bank holiday weekend, and this was the only place we could find with rooms available at a reasonable price, so we were a bit apprehensive about what it might be like. It turned out to be very nice! Comfortable enough, the room was nice and there was decent free wifi. Staff were friendly. Breakfast was fine - not a huge selection, but it was good food. There was a queue to get in to breakfast, but we weren't waiting long.  Our room was on the first floor - there was some noise during the night from downstairs, as others have noted, but it wasn't enough to be annoying (for me at least!).  Our room had the toilet in a cubicle of it's own with a separate room for the sink and shower, which was odd, but not an issue. There was an…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Queue for breakfast,We stayed in this hotel whilst attending a wedding in the Kings Cross area. The location was perfect for us. The lady who checked us in was really friendly and helpful.  Our room was clean but a bit tired looking. The wood at the bottom of the bathroom door was peeling away.   We arrived for breakfast and the queue stretched all the way through to the bar. It didn't take a massive amount of time to clear but that is the first time I have ever had to queue for breakfast. The breakfast itself was nice enough and there was a fairly good choice.   All in all I would stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location and Charm,"This was my first year staying at the Imperial Hotel's Tavistock Hotel and I was not disappointed.  The location was excellent: right beside a pretty square perfect for walking and relaxing and situated midway between Russell Square and Euston Stations. We stayed two separate times this month: first, a twin room overlooking the square and then, a triple room on the back side of the hotel.  The backside of the hotel is definitely the quieter location as there was definitely a lot of ambulance noise to contend with on the square side - something to consider if one is a light sleeper or likes to sleep with the window open. The triple room (8th floor!) we found to be quite hot, but this was remedied with an open window and fans supplied by the front desk.  (I think a lower floor…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Does exactly what you need but no more,Good value (particularly for London). Uncomplicated buffet breakfast. Simple clean rooms. Baths in bathroom can be a bit small and there are issues with noise at night upto 2-3am on a saturday night/sunday am. Luggage holding service good.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely and comfortable ,"Was such a pleasure, the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly! Oh, and the breakfast! Incredible breakfast! Such a vast variety and so tasty!   The hotel is close by the Russel Square tube station, and this was home base. The bar was very sociable too. And the music they played in the lobby was incredible, chamber choir music that not a lot of people even know about, I got goosebumps!   Only thing I would change is to have WiFi in the rooms. Otherwise loved it! ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Unfrendly,"This an old hotel in the very center of London. The rooms are small, clean enough but not very comfortable. The common areas are simple and basic. Breakfast is very boring with no fresh fruit and low quality ingredients. The staff is very unfriendly, especially the receptionists. The room was paid by UCL in my case with a special price. The general cost of the double room is simply too much for what you get.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good hotel, getting better","I have stayed at the Tavistock many times over the years. My first impressions, I have to say, were not favourable but the staff have always been friendly and extremely helpful so I persisted. The hotel is now very comfortable. Much has been done to improve the soundproofing and the rooms have been refurbished in a pleasant Art Deco fashion. Recently the bar area has undergone a complete makeover and is now a lively, welcoming place for a drink. Other reviewers have commented on the in-house Asian restaurant which I haven't tried but looks enticing. Overall the Taistock is now vastly improved from the old hotel and I would recommend it, particularly to travellers on a budget. The one thing that hasn't changed is the value for money offered here.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Regular Hotel,"Not bad but also nothing special. With a old look, rooms a little bit smal but everything working ok.   It served its propose! A few good nights sleep and that's it.  One nice thing is the pub inside the hotel for a last drink before bed.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Goood value for money,"Stayed 1 week in this well located central london hotel.opposite a park, 4 mins walk from Euston station, 2 min walk from centralbus station...has a great mini shopping centre with Waitrose close by.Hotel clean, tidy friendly- 10 min walk to Oxford street.Rooms adequate.not luxurious but for London excellent value.beds not that comfy.breakfst ok.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another review of Tavistock Hotel,I've stayed here quite a few times and reviewed it before but they've refurbished the bar and made a few other changes recently so here goes again.   It's still a great value Hotel. When I'm here with work I often stay here as it's well priced. If we're here to see a show or something I usually book the President down the road as it's a little bit plusher.   The new Woolf and Whistle bar is good. It's the same layout as the old Tav bar but refreshed and supposedly with a Virginia Woolf / bloomsberry theme. It's pretty comfortable and better than it was.   The old Popadom Express that used to be up the road has now moved into the Tavistock restaurant. I haven't tried it yet but looks fine. Breakfast was as good as ever though with great service.   Sadly the Jacques Wine Bar has…,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Plain hotel at great value,"I enjoyed staying at this hotel. It is a plain tourist hotel at great value for money. I stayed in a single room at floor 8 with windows to the street. It is true that the windows are thin and let a lot of street noice through and it doesn't get better from the fact that the adjacent road seems to be popular among emergency vehichles. But this doesn't really bother me. I even like hearing the buzzling sounds of the city. But if you know it will bother you, this hotel might not be for you.  There are two extra lifts to the left of the reception that only reaches the 7th floor. After finding them I actually preferred to use them and walk the extra steps to my room at 8th floor.  The room and bathroom is a good size with desk space and a nice place to put the luggage. Enough…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Was a very good Hotel nice view  and very close to Russel Square Underground . The Reception down are amazing and well educated the  customer care section  are friendly and helpful too. They will guide you perfectly if you need to go some were even outside central London.  Rooms very clean and well kept. I am sure that my next time in London will chose Tavistock Hotel again, keep it up and thank you for your hospitality.   Regards  Jeff",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A new review of the Tavistock Hotel ,"This is still my regular London hotel but we hadn't been there for a while. The bar has been refurbished, but sadly Jacque's Wine Bar has closed. But it's a great hotel and we will continue to stay here on our L visits. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Visit to London ,"The recent visit to London was very pleasant with a few issues. The hotel is located approximately 5 minutes from Russell Square which is very convenient. The hotel staff were generally friendly apart from the time we were asked to present our passports as she had assumed we were from another country. The hotel was clean and is a nice place to stay in, we paid an average price so it was affordable. The hotel did not specify the time we had to check out so there was a slight misunderstanding but did allow us to collect our luggage from the room so this was nice of them to do so. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend away.,"Stayed here Friday to Sunday...very friendly staff, room was lovely - double room en-suite...very clean and looked after...tea and coffee making and bath products in bathroom. Facilities for getting bags kept on day of leaving so we dont have to take with us as our flight was late at night. Would definitely stay here again if in London.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Central, standard, reliable",3 minute walk from Russell Square underground station. I used this hotel quite a number of times. It is reliable and has all the features you would expect for this price. Breakfast is a bit busy. My standard choice for London.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central London hotel.,"I had a very comfortable room here, just twenty minutes walk to the middle of St Pancras station to get an early Eurostar the next morning. The room had tea and coffee making facilities and a good bathroom to unwind in. Breakfast wasn't served until 0700hrs so it was a bit of a hurry after that to depart the hotel for the  walk to the station, but it was a good breakfast!  I'd stay there again!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",weekend in London,"I stayed for 2 nights at The Tavistock while on a trip to London with my daughter.Check in was quick and efficient and there is luggage storage available before and after check out at 50p per bag.  We had a twin room on the 2nd floor, the room was warm and while fairly basic it had everything we needed. The beds were comfortable but the pillows were very hard ! My daughter was disappointed that there are no plugs by the bed as she could not use her ds  or phone while sitting on the bed. The water was hot and plentiful but the bath is very narrow and the shower difficult to use. The breakfast is very good, hot and the scrambled egg is excellent, however the continental breakfast is very limited. Bar prices are very high. The hotel is close to Russel Square tube station and the…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","good location, service needs to improve","The hotel is near St Pancras and Regent's park so the location is great for a short or long city visit, you walk to Piccadilly in 20 minutes too, the British Museum is next door, the British Library too. Our service experience wasn't the best though: you have to help yourself to put your bags on a trolley and lift the trolley up a step by the front door (there is no steppless access). The luggage room gets pretty full so make sure you get there early. There was no space for our luggage in the luggage room so I had to take all our bags into my room and the elevator is not designed to fit the trolley.   The bed was clean, springy and with space around it so quite OK apart from the blanket which looked a bit tired and needed a wash.   Breakfast was Ok. Tea was brought cold, soya…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent service,We go to london a few times a year and we wouldnt stay anywhere else. This hotel is so close to euston station so getting around sight seeing is easy. The staff at the hotel are lovely they can't do enough for you and are always very friendly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone....keep up the good work and we will see you all soon xxxxxx,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Room 614,Not a good room to be allocated  beds moved from wall narrow and uncomfortable room very warm so had to leave windows open very noisy during the night housekeeping staff very helpful room changed to 617 beds just the same but carpet and decor had been updated,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Did the job,"The hotel is in a good location, just near Euston tube. The front of the hotel over looks Tavistock square and offers very nice views. The back doesn’t. We had room 223 and although the view was lovely, the music coming from a nearby club was not. We spoke with the hotel reception said were told club did not close until 3am and offered to move us rooms. We accepted and got moved to the 8th floor. This was ok, quiet, which is all we wanted by this stage. For some reason though it was like an oven in the room, even with the windows wide open and sleeping with no sheets on the it was far too hot, no idea how you get round this really.  Staff were ok, pleasant enough, and they were quick to move us when we complained. Just one receptionist who didn’t say two words to us while she…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tired tavistock,"The hotel is not confortable , the two persons bed was more for one then for two and difficult to sleep in, the lights awful and the general spirit quite sad and tired. The location is good and the personal is friendly and nice.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Improving,"I have been staying at this hotel for over ten years. Kind helpful staff clean rooms. The dated rooms are now revamped, the bar is revamped and the quality of the breakfast has improved. Keep up the good work. I like what you are doing",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Positives: got a bargain. Near to Euston. Clean. Serviceable. Adequate facilities. Nice buffet choice breakfast. Complimentary free eve buffet via superbreak bookings. Bath & shower. Trouser press. Great for a 'base'.  Negatives: worst night's sleep ever. Main-road room. Could hear every person, car & numerous police cars all night even from 8th floor - windows made of flippin tissue paper! Utterly cream crackered the next day. Creakiest floors imaginable. No aircon. No iron.   I don't expect luxury for what I paid but I do expect a quiet room. I can normally sleep on a washing line. This was horrific. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Comfortable ,"Booked last minute.. Good value for money. Although some areas of hotel are dated and could do with a refresh, the bar area is fresh and stylish, and a nice place to relax with good choices and affordable prices. Breakfast was included in our room rate and reasonable quality - much what you would expect from a buffet breakfast. Only down side is our room (431) was based at back of hotel, and was very noisy in a morning (local building work / kitchen noise / cleaners banging doors...) ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, clean rooms, Bogus/Scam Breakfast","Overall the Tavistock is a great value for money hotel with a great location close to the Russel Square Tube Station. Further the hop on and off busses stop just on the corner of this hotel. I stayed there with my brother in a nice room with two single beds. The room was ok in size, private bathroom and clean. Just what we needed for a short stay in London. However I have one major complaint: I ordered the room with breakfast included. But it turned out that the ""included breakfast"" was bogus. The included breakfast was ""continental"" and cosisted of some boring cereals and bread rolls with only butter.  Just next to the Continental ""buffet"" there was the ""English Breakfast"" Buffet which we had to pay ekstra for if we wanted. Only 10 pounds ekstra for the both of us but still I…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad not excellent,"Hotel is situated within minutes from Euston station so ideal if you come in bu train. Within a 3 minute walk there are bus stops to anywhere in London and 2 tube stations so location is excellent. Lots of bars and restaurants around the hotel. No airconditoning in the rooms so if it's hot outside during the day it will be boiling in the room at night. Some rooms / floors are yet to be renovated and the old ones are in a bad condition. Staff attitude very good - they changed our room from an old style one to a very spacious family room which was a big improvement, extra blankets, towels etc... sent up in no time, rooms cleaned well etc... Breakfast just OK as very boring, scrambled eggs watery, small selection etc.. these days you expect to get more than only old style coffee…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Excellent - much improved, good value , great service","Whilst this is not a 5 star hotel ( I rarely rate any hotel 5 on trip advisor including top end international hotels ) it deserves recognition for the value, quality and upgrades that have made a significant difference. I have stayed here 7  times over the last 10 years when I have needed a hotel at a good price at very short notice ( I usually shop in advance and lock down prices via the internet into secure 4* or 5* chains ) This weekends stay was a real pleasure. Check in extremely efficient, polite, friendly. The room was much better than last times stay ( same size ) but well decorated, very clean, warm and quiet. The bathroom was fairly small ( typical London, I've paid way more for smaller) very clean, with really good pressure hot water ( not always a given sadly ) Basic…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Top Tavistock,"We booked this hotel Tavistock because we had booked tickets to see the musical 'Wicked'and found the Hotel in a good location. The hotel room was tidy and clean but beds a bit springy, but fine. It had tea and coffee making facilities,a TV and the bathroom was clean and tidy with free bathroom condiments.The breakfast was buffet style with fresh usual breakfast food which was very good. Evening meal was Indian but you could use other local sister hotels and we visited a very nice carvery. One good point is the windows are well glazed so noise is very minimal at night considering London can be quite noisy and we got a good sleep.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel in good location,"Stayed here for one night, staff friendly in greeting.  Great location close to the tube and also to Brunswick Square for restaurants and a Waitrose supermarket, although there is another supermarket almost next door to the hotel.  Straightforward small room. Bed comfortable, sheet, blanket and 2 pillows.  The room was hot though, so we opened the windows for a while despite the busy road below.  So take ear plugs!  There is a hairdryer, kettle and tea making facilities, a trouser press, small wardrobe and a tiny bathroom.  Soap and shampoo provided.  There were only 2 plugs in the room, so hard if you needed to change multiple things overnight, such as phone, ipad etc.  Breakfast had plenty of choice, cereals, toast and cooked breakfast.  Staff offering tea and coffee.  Nice…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Was ok for the price,"Was quite pleased with the room on 7th floor but it smelt of smoke and we didn't have a room with a view but wasn't a big problem. Staff at reception was very good advising and booking our tickets for different venues. In a good position and not too far from the tube. Lots of places to drink and eat.  We had been informed when we booked that there would be work going on in the bar area but a temporary bar would be available. It was not. A bit of a let down. If you wanted a drink you had to go up one floor in the lift , walk down a long corridor then down some stairs into the dining room where the staff where cleaning up. Then the long trail back up stairs where there was nowhere to sit. And that was before 11 pm as was told it was closing. Very disappointed. After seeing a show…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Stay at great location,"Had a good stay at this Hotel. The rooms were average in size and tidy. The location was excellent, it's close to the British museum and Oxford Street. The staff was friendly and the breakfast was traditional. We both enjoyed our stay here with my girlfriend.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend Break.,Nice room overlooking the Park but it was too hot. Staff friendly apart from at breakfast where they looked miserable. A smile goes a long way. Left luggage room very useful and Hotel very central. Plenty of places to eat nearby and great real ale at Lord John Russell pub. Breakfast could be tastier.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location ,"Close to the British museum and short walk to Oxford Street. Good bus routes a few minutes walk away. Also close to tube stations. The hotel is very clean with ample toiletries and tea and coffee making facilities in the room. Staff are extremely friendly in reception, breakfast room and room servicing. I have stayed here several times over the last two years and have never had any complaints. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",First time staying. Not the last,"Booked this hotel on the brilliant weekend deal for a theatre weekend in London. Painless checking on arrival, was early but staff very helpful in storing my luggage until I could access my room. Yes there is building work at the moment but as my stay was Fri to Sun   only heard a couple of hours before they stopped and didn't really affect me anyway. My single room was located overlooking the pretty park across the road , traffic is busy but no different to any big city. Room was cost, bed very comfortable with blankets and ,2 pillows. Bathroom was clean, tidy and perfect size for a solo traveller. Breakfast time did involve planning if you weren't on floor one ( where I was ) as the two lifts were busy during breakfast time . Only had to wait under 5 minutes for a table on the…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Would not go back....,"Opted for this place as it was democratically priced for central London. Regretted the decision - next time I'd rather pay extra 20 quid and stay at a chain hotel nearby, at least they always maintain a predictable standard of cleanliness and furnishing. Those beds on wheels feel like a safety hazard. Disco music from somewhere nearby was reverberating through the walls, and the room felt crammed, dated and dingy. The lift is awfully slow and there is only one for the whole building. Staff are a bit matter-of-factly, can't really say ""friendly."" Would definitely elsewhere next time. ",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What a gem...,"This is the 4th visit to this hotel, on my last visit i could see that major work is being done in the foyer and in the bar.  As ever, the service we received was second to none and that's why i always choose this hotel; over any other one in the group of hotels..  On my latest visit, i was privileged to be greeted by the hotel's manager - where on earth did you find him?? the manager was a true gentleman, extreamly polite and very knowledgable. The staff are the main reason that i have become a regular to the hotel.  All the people that i have has the pleasure of encountering are outstanding - from the reception, to the room attendants to the unique man who greets you in the restaurant.  I am looking forward to seeing the finished product when all your refurbishment is…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget,"This hotel is good if you are on a budget. The twin rooms have beds on wheels which was annoying when trying to get comfortable to fall asleep. The restaurant was fine for breakfast, but it was a little off-putting knowing that after breakfast, the restaurant then serves Indian food.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Big city,Stopped 3 nights  chose for location it didn't disappoint 5 minute walk to Oxford Street and surrounding sites first night given free 3 course meal at sister hotel president   the rooms at tavistock were clean comfortable  free brewing facility's the staff friendly the breakfast  full English or cereal  set you up for day the only negative was upgrades taking place during our stay but coming to an end  would stop again while in London,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Second stay, will probably return","This was our second stay at the hotel – we like it because of its location and because the offer where you get a meal, in a choice of restaurants, on the first night is excellent value for money by London standards (we had a three course meal in the Bedford Hotel restaurant which was excellent).  A negative for us this time however was the noise – we had a room with a view overlooking the square but the noise from the roads (lots of sirens to the local hospitals) woke me a few times.  If I was to stay again I would ask for a room at the back of the hotel or take earplugs.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Third Visit,"Third weekend visit. Basic but adequate. Friendly staff. No mention of the building works on the website (have to go to floor 1 and walk along corridor and down stairs to get to breakfast room - fine for me but what are alternative arrangements for disabled?).  Breakfast food is a good offering and reasonable quality for the price but the turnover is so high that the linen on the tables is often dirty on arrival.  Bathroom clean, enough towels. Room very hot but that is better than cold in winter! Tea and coffee facilities in room.  Nearest tube stops: Euston and Russell Square.  Can leave luggage with concierge on checkout and pick up later in the day - very useful!",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very well located ,"I stayed at Tavistock Hotel for the second time. It's in Bloomsbury, very well located, near Russell Square Station. At the moment, they are refurbishing many areas of the hotel. I hope to see it redecorated! The room was clean. The staff was kind. Free wifi. English breakfast was included. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Avoid. Very disappointing.,"Terrible. Terrible. Terrible.   Unfriendly staff. Breakfast room is inaccessible (not told when booking). Was sat down at breakfast to clean cutlery and used napkins on the sideplates. I've attached a photo of the bathroom which gives an indication of the standard of a double room.  Woken up by early morning building works that shake the front of the building (not told about it while booking), disco until early hours two nights in a row now. I've just phoned the reception desk, got no help and a really sleepy ""what can I do? They'll just turn it up again."" No help, no apology and no solution.   I'm exhausted with little sleep (woken up early and up all night with the disco). Oh, and the walls are paper thin and I could participate in next door's conversations if I wanted to.  If…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Standard Hotel for a good price,"Stayed for a couple of days when in London for work, straight forward hotel, clean basic room with a bath and shower, free evening meal was welcome and breakfast buffet was good. Would stay again next time in in the area.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice centrally located hotel,Within walking distance to central London and Kings' Cross St Pancras this hotel offers nice but basic rooms. Breakfast was also nice but basic and on a busy morning you'll have to be prepared to queue for a while before getting a table. Staff is friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location and Price,All of 10 minutes walk from the Eurostar terminal and a nice looking building. Big upgrade to the reception area going on but no impact on our sleep. Breakfast basic but really good value room for location.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Building Works,"The room we were given at the front had a bow window and a nice view of the square. It was clean but the beds are too small and uncomfortable with only one flat pillow each.  Some of the reception staff were unable to smile on greeting us and were unhelpful,  one of the room cleaners rolled her eyes and tutted when we said we were going to be another 10 minutes before going out. Building works in the main foyer made accessing the restaurant a long trek up and down floors and the only entrance is via a door in the side street. We were not informed of any building works until after we had booked and there was no offer of compensation. We were told they go on until April. Breakfast buffet is good and the restaurant staff are very pleasant",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Bargain,"Nice hotel, centrally located in walking distance to central London but also well connected with bus/underground.  breakfast is great and the hotel is part of a chain with offers nice restaurant/bar scene.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Great Location & Great Price","This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel and to be honest we would not look for another hotel in London. The location is fantastic, you are in the heart of the city with one stop from Kingscross and a couple from Picadilly.   The hotel overlooks a lovely garden where you can go for a breath or fresh air.  Reception are really helpful as are concierge staff who are on hand to help book attractions and offer directions.  We ate in the hotel and the food was lovely- breakfast staff were  busy but again helpful and ensured you had everything you needed.  This real is a gem of a hotel in London with only 5 minutes walk to the tube.  We recommend to our friends and family and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Still awake at 2am,Booked in for bed and breakfast. Breakfast is good quality and staff efficient. Reception staff are friendly and helpful. Disco in basement is too loud to sleep. I'm a good sleeper but it is impossible to sleep. I would warn anyone hoping to get any sleep to get another hotel. I wouldn't book this hotel again. ,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget Travel Done Right,"This is an excellent location and a budget-friendly hotel that offers a lot of bang for your buck. Staff are friendly, rooms are cozy and clean and you simply can't beat the location. The amenities are above average for a budget hotel including breakfast, two restaurants and a nice lobby bar.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","good location, inadequate breakfast","hotel is in a very good location, short walks to two different lines, Piccadilly and northern line. bus stops right outside the hotel, very convenient to oxford street.  breakfast was inadequate. continental consisted of cereal, brown bread and dried fruit. toaster was taken away after a day we were here, couldn't even make some toast. no ham or sliced cheese. English breakfast was an additional 5 pounds  one time, the waitress who provided us with a table was covered in a filthy tablecloth. Instead of removing it and placing a new tablecloth, she just turned it around so we wouldn't see the jam all over it. milk in jug on table is topped up after each customer, very unhygienic.   smooth check in and check out. hotel is very clean. bed and pillows were great. towels were…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but perfect for the circumstances!,I made 2 bookings with the hotel during my stay in Sept/Oct and it was pretty perfect for what I was after! I was very specific in what type of hotel I was looking at - budget and location being a huge factor - and yes I agree that the rooms are basic but the photos pretty much show that anyway! I'm a very big believer in using a room purely for sleeping so I wasn't so much worried about spending a heap of time in the room anyway! The beds were comfy which was a Godsend - I did overheat a little during the night so I had to sleep with the window open meaning the traffic noises came through a lot but it was nothing that a pair of earplugs couldn't help fix.   Being a single traveller I was hoping to get a double bed but had twin singles for both bookings which wasn't a deal…,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worst customer care ever,"The rooms are fairly clean but that's about it!! The service staff are not helpful at all, they made a mistake when inputing our booking information into their system and instead of us getting a full size bed (double standard room), we end up getting two twin beds for a three nights stay.  The service staff seems to have prejudice over people/clients who book ther stay through third party agents as oppossed to booking it directly with the hotel.  They work there but don't know stuff that they are supposed to know in order to help out a customer and not very professional either on their responses, and seem to enjoy giving you negative responses.  The bathroom in the room that I was staying at, was very, very small and uncomfortable. The sink in the bathroom has two faucets, one…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very basic and very busy,Not a bad hotel if your just wanting to get your head down for a night or two. It is clean but extremely basic. Rooms are very well worn and the beds aren't quality. I could feel the springs. You can tell the hotel has a very high quick turnover. Excellent location though. Very hot rooms with loud air control for temperature. Breakfast was really good lots of choice from cereals to full English and pastries. Juices very cheap and not fresh. Good customer service. They charge you if you leave your bags in storage until your ready to leave after check out. ,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic,"Small room on 5th floor, small television, mould in the bathroom on tiles and ceilings, breakfast mass produced but nice, waiters not that friendly, tea tasted weird and of a grey colour, could leave luggage afterward and 50p an item. It's basic but clean.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"We have stayed at the Tavistock several times as the location is ideal for our needs. It's a short walk to  Russell Square & the Piccadilly line. The walk to Euston Station is also convenient. The hotel rooms are small, but clean. A continental breakfast is provided altho' one can choose to pay for the larger English one.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel with good location,"We were 3 couples in Tavistock hotel near russel square in london , Hotel is very nice and clean with small rooms and comfortable beds , bathroom is very small but clean , the shower is very old ..... Location is great , 5 min walking to the russel tube station.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Comfortable stay,"Stayed with my daughter, room 438 was an average size, clean with good facilities. We experienced no noise at all.   Continental breakfast was very limited and you had to pay an extra £5 for cooked food, which we didn't cause we were happy with cereal and toast. Staff were friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay again as it was only a 5 min walk from Euston station and it was very reasonably priced",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Old hotel very well located,"The hotel is very well located in London center, near 3 metro stations. The rooms are very big and simple. The place is a bit old and the breakfast has no variety. Since it is a big hotel with only 2 elevatores, in the morning its dificult to catch a elevator. The wifi is free and good.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another December weekend at the Tavistock Hotel,"This year we had room 323, a corner front room with a bay window, a nice room. Some changes this year, one good, one bad in our opinion. The nice surprise was the choice of either Jacques Restaurant for the included first night meal, or the Indian meal now being served in the dining room, and the dining room had had a makeover with Indian theme round the walls. The bad change for us was the fact that the residents bar closed at 23:00, with no notification. When one is used to returning from the theatre or from a night in London it is nice to relax with a nightcap in your own hotel bar, sadly this is now not the case in the Tavistock, and we shall have to rethink where we stay next year, unfortunately. Also the first night was noisy with drumbeats coming up from we presume the…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Very good for price and accommodate, but beware of the noise level!","Have stayed in this hotel before.  Pros: central location and convenience to public transportation.  Clean and well-maintained rooms.  Excellent price.  Cons: very noisy for two reasons: a lot of street level noise, so you'll hear pub-goers and restaurant goers until fairly late at night.  The second reason is that walls are very thin, so you'll hear your neighbor watching TV, your neighbor's alarm, your neighbor's morning news.  Immediately after your neighbor checks out, the cleaning staff will be there immediately so you'll hear the hoover and other banging around.  Ear plugs helpful but not sufficient.  Breakfast is mediocre, but as to be expected for the price point.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"Great location. Clean, adequate hotel. Dated decor and limited breakfast (no pastries or yoghurt) and breakfast room very busy at peak times. Lovely views of Tavistock Square from rooms that overlook it and what the hotel lacks in modern touches it makes up for with great Central location, helpful staff and cheap bar! Very affordable and popular with British guests. Will definitely book again in the future.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Would stay here again,We stayed for 2 nights as we on a theatre break and were given a room on the 1st floor room 139 overlooking a roof of some sort. Also I think there was some sort of ventilation outside which was making an awful lot of noise the whole of the floor smelt of curry .  Although we only needed a bed as we were out most of the time but at night it was quite noisy . The Reception staff were ok but I thought when we asked the Consierge anything eg how to get anywhere not very helpful and couldn't get rid of us quick enough. We wanted to book a taxi but they said they could not do this for us and to just go  outside and flag one down we found this very difficult and even came back inside to explain but he was not interested and sent us back out again. Breakfast was good lots to choose…,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average hotel,"Booked as part of a package deal with British Airways. OK hotel at that price.   Be sure to add the bigger breakfast to your booking, as the normal breakfast is less than impressive.  Ask for room on higher than first floor - we stayed on the the first floor right above the bowling alley! Bar on ground floor was also average - fairly priced but NO smiles from the female bartender!",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",We would return without hesitation.,"My husband and I spent a week at the Tavistock in November, and what an excellent choice it was!  Regarding transportation, the location is brilliant - within  2 blocks of both Russell Square and Euston Tube stations (3 train stations total were short walks, Euston, St. Pancras and Kings Cross;) and a bus stop 1/2 a block away which services several lines which take you to all sorts of convenient locations without the necessity of change. Bloomsbury itself is lovely as, although it is close to all of the tourist action, it is relatively quiet.   As for the hotel itself, although not a brand new and shiny establishment; it is well-cared for. A generous breakfast was included with our tariff; one of the best breakfast buffets I've ever experienced; and as we had booked directly…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic no frills hotel,"Stayed for one night on Saturday. Clean small rooms. Cheap and good location. For one night was ok. No irons in the rooms?? Would not stay again. Breakfast was ok. Bathroom was way to small. Noise from windows not good, no sleep! ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Probably the best value in town!,I cannot fault this hotel - from the genuinely warm welcome of the staff on reception to the cleanliness of the bedroom and the good full English breakfast (included in the price if you book online directly with the hotel) - everything was spot on. The bathroom actually sparkled and the sheets and towels were changed each day and the toiletries and tea and coffee were replenished daily. The room was a bit on the small side but had ample storage space and the double bed was very comfortable with quality pillows and bedding. We were out of our room each day from after breakfast until about 11pm so the size of the room was not an issue. We walked everywhere as the hotel is very conveniently situated for all the attractions we wanted to visit. We did not bother with wifi so cannot…,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Comfortable stay. Great location!,"A mere 3 mins walk from the nearest metro station: Russel Square (Piccadilly Line) and about 5 mins walk from Euston tube station (Victoria & Northern). Lot's of stores and shops around. Superb location! The ensuite room was small but cozy. Zero noise, so you get a good sleep. Hair-dryer and tea-coffee making facilities are there. The in-room WiFi was excellent. They have a very convenient safe storage facility available at the reception for a measly charge. Their English breakfast was good. As a single traveler,  I enjoyed their complimentary lunch and dinner vouchers which I enjoyed at the restaurants of other hotels of the same chain. The staffs were helpful when needed. Overall a nice and crisp stay. It's spot on value for money. Would definitely recommend!",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend Away,"I took my wife for a weekend away. I picked this hotel because we've stayed before and because of it's amazing location. When we arrived We was greeted with the the same warm welcome we got before. Unfortunately I couldn't check in because I was really early. They were so apologetic that the room wasn't ready. I said it was my fault, I try to cram so much into our weekends away. The concierge came over and said he'd look after our bag till later. Fantastic. Beds were so compatible. One downside was a queue for breakfast in the morning. Suppose everybody wanted to eat at the same time. Highly recommend and can't wait to stay there again. 5* Thanks to all the staff. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good night's sleep,"Was worried as our room was next to the lift however it did not disturb us and we slept very well. There was a very long queue for breakfast, which although not gourmet was fine. Location is great for Euston arrivals. This isn't a 5star hotel but it is good value and we would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",terrible,"There was nothing pleasant about his hotel. The rooms are tiny and shabby. The place was really dirty, with stained carpets and worn-out furniture. The place is overcrowded, so you need to wait forever to get breakfast or take the elevator. And the staff was constantly being very loud in the hallway. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Room not ready,"Attempted to check in at 1215 and were told to come back at 2pm. Came back at 415pm and room was still occupied until 6pm!! This is the second time this has happened to us, in future we will be seeking alternative accommodation in London. We have been coming to this hotel at least twice per year for the past 6 years, unfortunately this will be our last! After complaining and a load of hassle eventually another room was allocated.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location ,"A short walk from Euston Station, Russel square tube station. The hotel is a two star as you can tell from the price .  Staff were friendly and helpful and checking in went smoothly . Our room was on the 7th floor which was great as it was quiet and no smell of curry that you do get on the second floor as the restaurant turns into a Indian at nighttime  Room was adequate size clean and catered for your needs .  The breakfast was nice with plenty to eat if you where full English if you just had continental it was poor to be honest as there was only cereal , tinned fruit , bread batches and toast there where no pastries , Croissants meats and cheeses as that to me is continental.       ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",i dont recommend it,first of all payment is done with the booking in advance.  second of all the design is terrible. wifi was almost not working in my room most of the time there were mice in the corridors as well as a strong curry smell cleanliness is poor  the only good thing is the location,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good ,"Stayed for 1 nite here and it was really nice, only, 10min walk to St pancras station and around 5min walk to British museum. Location for us was great and thought it was good value for money, staff are very pleasant and helpful. Read some reviews where people moaning about the room size but tbh there's more than enough room for what you need the room for and for how much time you actually spend in there. Bathroom was small for 2 persons to be in there at the same time but had everything you need with a very good shower. Finally the breakfast this was really good all freshly prepared and well stocked, staff are good as well when serving you drinks and clearing away. Would certainly stay here again as we had such a good experience at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Theatre break.,"The Tavistock Hotel, Tavistock Square is approximately 1.2 miles from theatre land. 15-20 minutes walk or local tube Russell Square quicker. Hotel was cheap and cheerful.  Room very basic but clean and functional. Bath with shower over that was very powerful, again very clean. Hotel has a distinctive smell of curry all over as has an Indian restaurant located on the ground floor.  Breakfast was self service buffet and offered full English as well as the usual range of cereal, toast etc.   Food was plentiful,  hot and cooked well. Tea, coffee and fruit juices on tap.  Staff were very attentive and friendly. Hotel perfect for a budget break",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Magic Moments Trip,"We would not ever recommend this hotel to anyone disabled or otherwise as we encountered many problems. Reception staff were unhelpful and bordering on incompetent and there were issues with certain rooms as documented below. Is is not particularly disabled friendly, there was no ramp to help our wheelchair users access the front entrance and then there were issues with room allocations because of mistakes made by reception staff who were quite rude.  The concierge was the only member of staff that was of any help at all and we just wanted to mention this.  Finally some of our group witnessed a mouse run up the dining room wall during breakfast, which upset some members of our group and we duly informed the reception staff of this.  As a result of this we are giving The…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget Hotel with a Great Location,"The hotel is well located near a tube station opposite Tavistock park. British museum is close by. The rooms are clean with 2 single beds. Bathrooms are clean and functional with good water pressure for the shower. Front desk staff are not that friendly and appear to come from all over the world. Lifts are slow. The breakfast is worth avoiding, rather go out and get something. While the cereal is ok the eggs on offer are like rubber and bounce. Having said that the hotel is a cost effective place to stay in an expensive London",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Unsure,I'm unsure about this hotel as I like a big bed and only got a single bed. There were marks on the bed sheets and there was no duvet but still OK for a sleep. The bathroom was good as had a bath and a shower. The decor is quite dated and the staff were helpful. I think the breakfast needs to be tidied a bit as everythung seemed to be everywhere ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Family trip in London,"Stayed at the Tavistok hotel for 5 nights. There were 12 of us I would not recommend this hotel. First impressions terrible. Staff at the front desk are ignorant need some customer service training. The rooms are the worst I have ever stayed in. Beds squeaked felt damp and cold Windows filthy  Smallest tv I have seen in a hotel bedroom The warmest bit was the shower  Toilet had to flush it about 10 times  Breakfast shocking not even hot on either of the days we tried it. Last day we ate out. Dinning room manager was probably trained with the Shtazi , rude , militant and grumpy. Zero attitude. ",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, wonderful staff, demon shower","I've stayed at the Tavistock before and have written two other reviews but would like to add this one.   It's a great location - Russell Square - and the room is quite large for a single.  There's a comfortable armchair rather than a stool to sit on, the beds are comfortable and even though the radiator was off, the heating was coming from somewhere - it was late November and I never once felt cold.   Plenty of towels provided too.  The staff were lovely, they could see I had mobility problems and were so helpful each time I came into reception.  There was only one thing wrong - I could not get the shower to heat up and I'm sure it's something I'm doing wrong as when I asked reception if anybody could help me with it, a young lady arrived within minutes of my phone call and…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nov 2016,"The hotel location is 5 min walk to Euston and 5 mins walk  to Russell Sq. underground too. Very pleasant and attentive reception and porter desk personnel, dining room were less so.   Hotel is clean and tidy. Rooms are bog-standard. We were lucky and had a room with a view over Tavistock Square which was nice. There was enough wardrobe space and drawers for a few days' stay too.  The worst part though is the beds!! For some reason we had 'twins' in our room.  Oh my goodness, did they squeak??!!!  They were uncomfortable to say the least and when you moved the springs in the low-level base made soooooo much noise! They were so low to the ground too, nothing like the deep, spongy, firm and modern beds that EVERY other hotel seams to use nowadays. Unfortunately, due to fact that…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good location,"The hotel on arrival looked nice and clean but there was a very strong smell of curry. Reception staff was very nice and helpful. Our room on the 6th floor was very warm and we had the window open all day and night. There was no way we could turn the radiator down. The beds were very comfortable with mattress protectors and pillow protectors. There was a cupboard in the room with sufficient hangers.  The bathroom had a bath with overhead shower, which had good water pressure. Again, it was very clean. Toiletries were provided.  The hotel is in a very good location, close to a tube station and Euston station, also it is a 10 minute walk to St Pancras station. There is a no. 10 bus round the corner which can take you to Hyde Park, Oxford Street, Harrods etc. Very handy.  We had…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Worth 4 stars in London, but 3 stars elsewhere in UK.","It's hard to give a fair review to budget hotels in London, because the standard is lower than you would expect were you to pay the same rates elsewhere in the UK. On the plus side, the Tavistock is central, situated in a lovely art deco building that overlooks Tavistock Square Gardens and is scrupulously clean. There is very little noise from the streets outside BUT internal walls appear to have no soundproofing. A fellow guest returned to his room just after midnight and proceeded to listen to BBC World News on his television for the following three and a half hours. The noise level rose and fell, making it difficult to pinpoint the source but a great crescendo of sound at 3.45 a.m. allowed me to do this.  I then phoned reception to ask if the guest could be asked to turn off…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location however they need to really reinvent their breakfast menu,This is my fourth visit to the hotel. They have definitely improved room is spacious n tidy....n daily cleaning. Another improvement is Wi-Fi in room. They also offer possibility to make tea and coffee in room. The heating was good however I kept the window open all the time to keep the room temperature nice.  The breakfast is same since my first  Visit and that needs big reinventing.  The reception and concierge are efficient helpful and prompt. ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",VERY GOOD LONDON HOTEL,"Lovely clean hotel not far from Kings Cross/Euston Station.....excellent value for money with buffet style breakfast included...... quick efficient check, room well equipped.... would not hesitate to stay here again",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location for Euston Station,"Picked this hotel for its location near to Euston Station and also around the corner from nearest tube station, Russell Square. We had a twin room with own bathroom with bath and shower and separate toilet. No hot water from the sink when we first arrived, in fact the tap was very loose, but reported this on our way out and was fixed by the time we came back that evening. There was the smell of curry each evening when we returned but this did not permeate the bed room so was not too much of a problem. The bar did not seem to open very late but perhaps this is normal for London as the pubs we went in all called last orders at 11pm. Breakfast was served until 10am during the week which was a nice surprise and the food was good too, coffee served at our table and staff very…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good location, clean and well-priced with free breakfast and wi-fi","I needed a hotel for a business trip with an overnight stay on Saturday at short notice.  Usually, I'd stay in a budget chain like Travelodge or Premier Inn, often for around £30-40 per night but perhaps up to £60-70.  Whilst I expected London to be dearer, I wasn't expecting those chains to be charging £195!  I was recommended the Imperial Hotels chain as a decent budget option, and was pleasantly surprised to find a room for £83.  This included free wi-fi and continental breakfast - options that are often only available at extra cost.    Consequently, this review takes into account that this is a budget hotel, also bearing in mind it's above my normal spending level so I was perhaps looking for a bit extra.  The location of the hotel is very convenient, a five minute walk from…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"The Tavistock continues to provide value for money. It is fairly basic, but it is clean and comfortable. Breakfast not particularly outstanding but what do you want for your money? It is in a good location, staff have always been helpful and approachable. On our last visit the first room we were given had a definite odour of tobacco and they changed it without hesitation. Can be a bit noisy from traffic sirens and revving of engines if you are at the front of the building, but not their fault. Tried renting an apartment on our previous visit to London. Was expensive, poky, noisy - and of course no breakfast. The Tavistock seemed like a palace in comparison! So, well done to the Tavistock for keeping its prices down and standards up.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location.,"The hotel is in a good location near public transport and walking distance to the British Museum.  It is close to pubs, restaurants and shops.  There is a pretty square directly opposite.   The room was satisfactory, nothing fancy, but you get what you pay for.  No extras such as tissues.  The towels were incredibly thin.   The continental breakfast wasn't anything to write home about.  The first morning we weren't even greeted with a good morning.  The waiters were not pleasant.  One walked by constantly sniffing, and reached across us to take plates - clueless.  On subsequent mornings they seemed a bit brighter. When walking through the restaurant, we were expected to get out of the way of the staff. I would have thought they would wait for us to pass rather than just push…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Lovely, clean and well located","Well situated and clean. Stayed in hotel 2 nights. It was really easy to find. Room 222 have a park view. It is bit old but good for the money. Staff was friendly and welcoming. Good wifi connection. The only small issue was noise at the Saturday night. There is bowling/pub/club right below the building. There was no point to complain, so I just had a pint of beer there to help me sleep. Overall it is lovely place to stay. I will stay there again for sure. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",staff need retraining,"This is now a truly unpleasant hotel. It is relatively cheap and of course has a great location for anyone who has things to do in Bloomsbury. But many of the staff people need to learn some basic manners. In the course of a stay of less than 48 hours, I can count at least seven unpleasant interactions with staff members. The managers need to get it into the heads of the front-office and restaurant employees that they are supposed to be helpful and pleasant. A few are, most are not.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location,"We go to London 3-4 times a year and normally stay in kings x, this was a bit last minute and got Tavistock for about £ 80 for two nights.. will definitely book again, decent size room and the shower was amazing , double sized and a screen ( not a skanky shower curtain) ..full English breakfast was beautiful, fruit, cereal etc also available. Also we left our case for the day until train time for 50p, less and less places do this now.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Really the only good thing I can say is its location although there are plenty better. We booked a room via the website and there was no mention that they have a night club in the basement! We arrived at about 11pm and it was not mentioned when we checked in. Going to our room on the first floor all you could smell in the corridor and room was curry and I mean a strong smell of it. In the room is when we heard the music a phone call to reception revealed that the music goes on until 3am and that they cannot move us as they were full. If I had been there to drink and dance no problem but I was not. Breakfast very limited, a buffet style fry up cereal, some fruit and toast, very few options for my vegetarian wife. I di like the art deco decoration in the dinning room.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, central location , helpful staff","We found this excellent value for our three night break, our booking provided free dinner for the first night. Rooms were clean, although quite small for two people. Transport around was excellent with buses everywhere and Euston and Russell Square tube in walking distance, as is the British museum.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Moldy,"Wasn't expecting luxury, but was at least expecting cleanliness. Bathroom was gross, moldy, and parts of tile were cracked. The beds (they only had twin rooms left when we booked) are loud and awful. The pillow is hard and caused me to wake up with neck pain. The continental breakfast that was included was also a joke. Will definitely not be staying here again despite its convenience for visiting family.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"The hotel was clean as were the rooms which were quite small, I had to do a bit of a shuffle to close the bathroom door. If you stay two nights be sure to click on the special offers tab on the hotel website as they offer a free three course meal which can be taken here or any of their sister hotels. The breakfast was self service and well cooked. The location is perfect, we arrived a Euston Station and walked to the hotel in less than ten minutes.  You can walk to the Strand and Covent Garden in half an hour, it's the first time I have been to London and haven't used any form of transport.  The only downside was the bar closes at 11pm (I've never known this in a hotel) and as we were part of a group this was a bit of a party pooper.  When we complained we were told we could use…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for money,"Had to visit the US Embassy recently and decided to extend it into a mini visit to the smoke. My wife wanted to see the sites and the Tavistock seemed pretty central being less than a ten minute walk from Euston train station and only a twenty minute walk to the shops etc. Although we arrived there just after noon, we were checked in straight away and had a room on the second floor overlooking Tavistock Square gardens. The hotel staff were polite and helpful  and informed us that we were entitled to a free dinner at either of their two restaurants (a wine bar and an Indian curry buffet) that evening.  Our room was not the biggest of rooms and was a little dated, but for two nights and at the price charged it hit the mark. Both the bedroom and bathroom were very clean and tidy…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Really good hotel,"This hotel is in a good area, walking, easy places to get to. The room was immaculate and clean with excellent bed and bedding. Very reasonable prices at the bar, very nice breakfast. Number one the staff! They were all so nice and looked after us.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a fantastic location!,"We stayed at the Tavistock for a conference at the University of London. The location was perfect - near everything and overlooking Tavistock Square. Lovely Bloomsbury neighborhood. The hotel lobby is beautifully retro. We enjoyed drinks in the bar - roomy leather seats. There was a very nice complimentary traditional English breakfast every morning in the dining room. The rooms were a bit small, but very clean and the bathrooms were updated. All in all, an excellent value for the location. We would definitely stay there again!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One night visit,"We stayed here for one night to attend a sporting event.  The reception and restaurant areas were nice 1920's decor. The rooms and corridors were dated and in need of upgrading. The breakfast was nice but the staff did not engage at all. No pleasantries. We had to ask for coffee, cutlery, cups! No apology of offer to assist, for one night it was ok but st £109 per night I wouldn't go back. ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Retro hotel in a fantastic location and populated by awesome staff,"On a recent Superbreak.com trip to London, we decided to stay at the Tavistock Hotel, as it was reasonably priced, the location seems just fine, and it has some glowing reviews on this here site.  The Tavistock Hotel is well situated for transport, being a stone’s throw away from Russell Square Underground, and just round the corner from a bunch of bus stops if you can’t stand the hustle and bustle of the tube. Or, if you’re feeling fit, it’s about a 25 minute walk (or less) to Covent Garden, plus it’ only about a 15 minute walk from King’s Cross. All in all, it is very well located for transport or walking if you’re so inclined. There are also a ton of shops and restaurants/cafes nearby.  On the outside the hotel doesn’t look like much, a nondescript looking building, but once…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",3 night stay to visit the city,"This is our fourth or fifth visit to this Russell Square hotel. Staying for 3 nights gave us a complimentary evening meal at any of the groups five restaurants. As usual we chose the calvery at The President Hotel which is linked internally to their Imperial Hotel. We were meeting friends from Sterling in Scotland who were staying at the Imperial. The President bar and restuarant have been fully refurbished with the old Sports Bar disappearing where the restaurant has been extended. The new lounge bar in between the two hotels and is a very pleasant bar, with good service and very reasonable drink prices. Our calvery meal was excellent, one of the best calverys I have ever had. Our room in the Tavistock was a little small on the second floor and overlooked the park opposite.…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic spot with friendly staff,"A million thanks to the staff at the Tavistock who always make my stays as comfortable as possible. The rooms have beautiful views of Tavistock Square, they are always spotlessly clean. The bar is a nice quiet spot for a drink in London and very reasonably priced. The location is brilliant and a short stroll into Oxford Street one direction or Covent Garden, also beside Euston/Pancras for trains. I recommend this hotel to everyone especially the weekend two night package. I wish I could visit more often.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, good location, lovely staff",Stayed here with a group of friends.  Was a 2 night stay with dinner on the first night included.  Price very good value for central London.  The inclusive dinner was a curry buffet which included a variety of lovely curries including 3 veg options.  The food was all gorgeous.  Breakfast was a buffet option and this was basic but totally fine with plenty of options.  The staff were all very friendly and any requests quickly met.  I would really recommend this hotel and already have done.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Central London Hotel, near St. Pancras Station",I stayed at this hotel about 7 times on my one and with friends. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms and bathrooms are clean and the location couldn't be better for the Eurostar. It is only 3 or 4 busstops away or a 20-minute-walk.  The buffet breakfast is very good. Tea and coffee facilities in the rooms. There are very good offers which include dinner on the day of arrival. A very good buffet-style Indian meal is served in the breakfast room. The other restaurant is basic but okay.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,This is a budget hotel in Art Deco style complete with hall porters. Extremely good rates. The breakfast is excellent all included in the rate. The staff can't do enough to help. The location is central to all of the sights of London and handy to the tube and intercity rail stations. I use this hotel at least 8 times a year and can't look past it when in London.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",2 adults one ten yr old weekend in london,"No complaints about the hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful. Family room was clean and comfy, buffet breakfast plentiful. The only downside was that we stayed on a sat night and there was so much noise from a club night under the hotel in a bowling alley. We were on floor 2 and the bass from the music was vibrating the walls. We rang reception and they were very kind and swapped our room up to floor 5. It was slightly quieter but sadly the noise ran into the early hours. We would happily stay there again only we would choose a mid week. I would also request a room overlooking the square rather than the central courtyard. There was a constant noise from the air ducting system. Good location though and the staff were fantastic.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Holiday,"Had a lovely 5 day stay, the staff were are incredibly helpful, the rooms were very clean indeed and our view over looking the park was wonderful.    The hotel is situated in a ideal place, quite literally 10 minutes walk away from Euston station - this makes the hotel ideal as it's transport links mean that you are not far from any location, enabling you to engage in sight seeing and / or to exploring London’s many exciting places with only a few hops onto the tube.   The hotel is situated near some excellent restaurants, bars and coffee shops that are all very close by.  I could not fault my holiday at the Tavistock Hotel nor in London, I shall certainly be returning to both the city and the hotel when I choose my next vacation.   Excellent customer service and value for money…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Would go again,This hotel has great value for money. We needed to be near UCL and St Pancras so the location was perfect. The hotwl was fine - the beds were clean and the room was large. The beakfast in the morning was delicious and the service was great. Thanks for a great stay!,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Small but fine ,"I had a single room for 2 nights in October. I was relatively lucky to get the top floor and the room furthest from the lift so it was pretty quiet apart from one huge loud drilling noise at 5pm in the afternoon, that came out of nowhere and scared the bejeezus out of me! The corridor floor was lumpy and very creaky.   The receptionist was a bit odd and not overly friendly nor unfriendly.   The room had a double bed with minimal space around it, decent bathroom (massive bath), and tea/coffee facilities in the room. It was a bit chilly with no options for putting the heat on. Bed was pretty comfy.    I didn't have breakfast or use the bar - all looked a bit naff and old fashioned, and when you're only a few minutes walk from the West End there are better choices.   I paid £100 a…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",HAVE BEEN MANY TIMES,overall the hotel is fairly average. The rooms are okey as are the showers etc. Nothing special the breckfast is also very average / not great. However the staff in the reateraunt are very attentative and incredibly polite and hard working. They try and make it the best they can. The price also is incredibly cheap and location is 5 mins from russel square station. Overall if you visit london on a budjet then this is a very good choice. A trustworthy place. ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not my first stay and definitely not my last!,"This is my third stay in this hotel (over several years) and It feels that it is slightly improving with each visit. The improvements are not dramatic, but they are constant.  The rooms are clean, the towels get replaced every day. The staff is polite and nice.  The location is great, very close to Russel Square station and not far from Euston and Euston Square stations.  Plenty of supermarkets near the hotel, for some late night snacks or early morning supplies for the day.  The full English breakfast is standard and quite tasty. The apple and orange juice are terrible and the coffee is not that strong.  TIP: The rooms facing Tavistock Square have a nice view but you can hear the street noises. The rooms facing the inner court are more quite, but have ugly views of walls of the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ok. Decent location.,The hotel is located about 10 minute walk from Kings Cross station.  Reception staff were helpful and check in was quite quick.  The rooms although clean were quite dated by modern standards.  Breakfast provided a lot of choice however was fairly average.   You may find better alternatives in the price range. ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Grim hotel, Excellent location","This is owned by the same company who run the President, but this is less attractive, if that is possible! My advice is if you can possibly afford anywhere else, go there and avoid this depressing place. Everything is so miserable, very small rooms, carpets sticky and unattractive, beds uncomfortable ,tiny TV with very few channels, and windows without any privacy arrangements- no screen, voile, net or Venetian blinds.  . Most rooms face onto a grim square courtyard, so these rooms are all overlooked. When I enquired as to whether anything could be done, I was told ' Draw the curtains' ! So then you might as well be in a windowless dark cell!  Showers are fixed, so can't be removed to make a hand shower for hair-washing, or to rinse, so bring a shower cap' Towels are thin and…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, so-so hotel","I needed to stay near University College London. This hotel is right next to campus and convenient to public transportation and a few museums. I paid £83 per night, which included daily breakfast. The room was acceptable, in that it had modern conveniences, but of a modest level. The breakfast buffet has every component of an English breakfast, but poor quality food (overcooked eggs, canned fruit, nasty OJ, etc.) The bar and Indian buffet off the lobby were both pretty good. I wasn't sorry that I stayed here, but I wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London visit,Tavistock is ideally situated for travelling via Euston station. Most tourism sites can be accessed within walking distance if you are fit. Due to traffic congestion we walked to St Paul's cathedral approx 20 minutes then used the Thames as our guide The Tavistock hotel is an average hotel the room was basic but clean it is now a bit dated with just an average restaurant but satisfactory if you are just looking for somewhere to sleep,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Art Deco gem on a budget,"For a budget hotel (£108 per night double b and b) this is a great place. Rooms were very tired but are being updated to a good 3star standard. Generous if not deluxe breakfast with cereals breads full English and more. Tea coffee making in the room. The bar is an art Deco gem and very reasonable prices. It's a short walk from Euston station and really handy for buses and underground. There are plenty of bars and restaurants close by. The British Museum round the corner. Walking distance of Oxford Street at Tottenham Court Road, Shaftesbury avenue within a mile. Bath Towels could be bigger so if you have room take one with you.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location ,"Always stay here when we visit London, great location by Russell Square underground station which is ideal for Covent Garden and Leicester Square. Rooms are basic but clean and comfortable. Always a good selection of breakfast on offer. Reasonably priced!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Civilized and comfortable!,"I needed a (relatively) inexpensive stay in London.  I have previously stayed in another hotel in this area and been unimpressed, so the Tavistock was a pleasant surprise.  It was comfortable, quiet, in an excellent location, and just what I needed.  The food in the hotel's Indian restaurant was only adequate.  (Lots of food, but rather bland)",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Hotel and No Complaints,"Chosen by my mate as an economic stay for a lads weekend in London and with such a cheap price I wasn't expecting much especially knowing London prices. So just a 5 to 10 minute walk from Euston train station (depending on your speed) and in a decent area over looking gardens. A warm and efficient welcome at reception so no complaints. Three single beds in each of our three rooms as booked, clean towels, toilet separate to shower and a good quality shower. Tea & coffee making facilities and a small tv. Breakfast (a surprise this was also in the price) was a standard help your self hot English breakfast with some cold options. tea & coffee served to your table and again friendly and helpful staff. The hotel has a bar and in house Indian restaurant - smelled good to ! There were…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Well located but basic hotel,"Everything the reviews say about the hotels location and general services is correct.  It is close to Euston and Russell Square stations and there are pleasant parks nearby.  The price is very reasonable for the service offered.  The rooms are basic.  This means they are plain, small, have only one power socket, no a/c, tiny tv.  There is no safety deposit box, frig or iron but these are available on request.  There is no information book in the room. Our room overlooked the Tavistock gardens and the windows opened which was nice on a sunny day. Traffic noise was minimal with the windows closed.  The room needed maintenance as there is visible damage to the wood in the bathroom and there was a sort of mildew odour in the small closet. So it is well located and affordable if you…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or590-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Unhelpful concierge,I was stuck in Camden Town with a very large parcel. Couldn't get a cab anywhere and had to leave for the airport same afternoon. Called concierge to see if they could call me a cab. No help whatsoever saying they could not do that for me. Have stayed here for 5 nights!  That's a lot of money for the poor service in a difficult situation!,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excelente value,"One cannot get A better place for that amount of money in London. Clean rooms, breakfast cree, dinner cree if you stay two nights. Fredy wifii. Excelente location, in west London, close to the british museum and the tuve station.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Second time in this old, but clean and comfortable hotel.","As most of the reviews point out, the location is a high point, just 2 blocks away of Picadilly line Russell Square station and two or three stations away form main attractions close to Thames river, very easy to move and/or combine with other subway lines. During our two visits, we were given good rooms, best ones are the ones that are in front of Tavistock Square Gardens. During our stay, day temperatures were unusually high in London (over 28 Celsius in September), but very comfortable to have a good rest at night. The hotel also, at our requirement, provided us a fan, that finally was not needed.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location ,"Great location only a 5 min walk from Euston station. Decent price for London especially the location,staff friendly staff even has a bell boy to take your case to your room. Rooms could do with updating but clean and tidy. Only fault is the tell in your room is tiny barely the size of a shoe box. For value for money I'll be using this hotel again. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location and price. ,"This well located hotel is also great value and very comfortable. Breakfast was plentiful with a very good choice of hot and cold item,served in a very nice breakfast room,with very friendly staff.  There's excellent public transport links nearby and it's a very nice area,I've already booked to stay here again. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or595-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent value for money ,"Booked direct on hotel website. Stayed for 2 nights so eligible for free dinner on first night, there is choice of restaurants, we chose the Indian restaurant located in the hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised. It was buffet service but the choice and quality of food was excellent and it tasted really good. The buffet  breakfast was decent quality and the staff were very friendly and welcoming.  The double room was facing the gardens and very pleasant, spotlessly clean. Great over bath shower and plenty of big fluffy towels. Only niggle was the bar  area which had sky sports tv on full blast and seemed to be full of contracter workmen who seemed to treat it like there front room using bad language at the top of their voices, this could put some visitors off.  £109 per night…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, decent hotel","This is the second time we've staid at the Tavistock and it is ideal for a few nights in London. The location is excellent and the rooms clean and tidy. We had a corner room overlooking a busy road, so it was a bit noisy, but that's to be expected in central London. The mattress was a little too firm for me, but was perfectly acceptable. We skipped breakfast as we found from a previous visit that while adequate, it's nothing special. Overall this offers really good value for London and its proximity to transport links and attractions make it ideal for those who want something decent without having to break the bank. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect for London Stay,"Fantastic location close to Euston & tube, perfect for London Stay. Decent size clean rooms & friendly staff, quality buffet breakfast all for a reasonable price  Would highly recommend to others & will definitely be back to stay again ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Absolutley fantastic,What can I say about our stay in the tavistock hotlel it was amazing. The staff could not do enough for us from lovely chats with bar staff to getting directions from the desk staff. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone and I cant wait to come again big pat on the back to everyone that works here xxxxxx,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central Hotel,"The Tavistock hotel is very central for London it is a short walk away from the tube station and you are only a few stops to get to Leciester Square. Our room was clean and had 3 single beds and toilet and shower were separate which was good for 3 girls. We had dinner included for first night which we had in Jacques Bistro was very nice got a 3 course dinner with plenty choices.  Breakfast was quite basic cereals , rolls, fruit juice , they had cooked items on a hot plate of eggs, hash browns, bacon and sausage and tomatos. Toast was also sitting there so was not always fresh. Second day of breakfast instead of fresh tomatos cooked it was tinned ones swimming juice.   On the Sunday morning we had been sat a table with crumbs and a coffee stain on it and when we asked if it could…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or600-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","clean, quiet hotel.","Stayed a couple of nights midweek. On the 2nd floor facing inwards. Apart from noise of fans which was a steady 'white noise' it was very quiet. Room was clean, powerful water pressure for bath or shower, kettle, tea\ coffee. Bed was comfortable but could have done with extra pillows, 2 pillows per person just wasn't enough when sitting on bed to read or watch TV. A fridge in the room would also have been useful. Hotel is a good central location, close enough to Euston station to walk in a few minutes with case.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean and friendly hotel,The Tavistock is well located and was ideal for a quick 1 night trip into London. The room was very clean and tidy and bed (a small double) was comfortable. No aircon but we were on the 8th floor and could open the window to get a nice breeze. All the staff we had dealings with were very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was a buffet and was more than adequate. All in all a pleasant stay which we will repeat on our next trip into London.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Compact but clean rooms,Stayed for 1 night on an extremely warm night. Had to have  window open all night so road noise was quite bad. Room recently renovated. Rooms small but more than adequate and very clean. Arrived late but restaurant staff fitted me in. Breakfast was a bit holiday camp but chefs topped up food regularly so was fresh. Was cheap and cheerful. Liked the thirties vibe in the foyer. Would stay again,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value budget hotel for Central London,"The Tavistock is a reasonably priced, reasonably comfortable hotel in a great location next to major attractions in London. The public spaces in the foyer, the bar and restaurant still have some of its 1930's Art Deco features and it is quite charming.  We requested a room on the 6th floor overlooking Tavistock Square, on the advice of a friend. This is one of the quieter facing directions. This room also had double glazing which helped reduce the noise to acceptable levels.  The bed was ok, however, the room was warm, even in late September, and I don't think I'd like to stay here in the warmer months. The room also came with a basic breakfast, which while nothing special was good considering the price.   If you're on a budget this is a good value hotel for Central London, but…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend away ,"Had another lovely weekend stay 😀the staff here are really helpful, the rooms are somewhat basic but they are very clean indeed, looking forward to another new years eve in London 👌the hotel is situated in a ideal place as it's not far to travel for sight seeing & there's some really nice restaurants close by.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or605-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another amazing stay,Stayed here a few months ago and again it was a wonderful stay- perfect from the moment we walked in until we left. Please thank the reception team for my checking seamlessly and the breakfast staff for their attentiveness- I will definitely be back again ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Could do better,I booked this Hotel when my friend visited from Australia. As it was ideal for central London. i also made a second booking for a single room for myself the night my friend returned to Australia. The rooms were both fine ideal for a short stay. but it was the hottest few days of the year. So we need the window open. No air conditioning not even a fan on the wall. So we had traffic noise and regular police and fire engines on blues and twos. The breakfast was OK but nothing special. As i was on my own for the second visit. I thought only one night i can live with that. Once again i needed the window open and as this room was on the side.It was a lot quieter. That was until closing time at the ten pin bowling club. Almost below my room. People talking and shouting until well…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average in every way,"Everything about this hotel si decidedly average apart from its location. The hotel entrance is art deco but not high end. Check in was efficient although the receptionist could have cracked a smile. The best thing you can say about the room is it is clean. Mattress was ok, TV was tiny and the tea/coffee making material very cheap, No iron. Bathroom clean and enough towels.  there si a bath which was a bonus.  The hotel is in central London so a bot noisy bit if you close the window it's pretty quiet, Breakfast was also very average with cheap materials cooked in a very mediocre way. Coffee was undrinkable which si saying something in hotels. Big plus it is cheap for a hotel very close to attractions like the Briitsh Museum and major galleries. Average all the way.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice reasonably priced hotel in good location,"Stayed here at the last minute after booked hotel cancelled at the last minute and was moved to this hotel. On arrival at checkin i was pleased they changed our room from Twin to Double with no trouble and was very accommodating. We got a corner room overlooking road one side and park the other , room was tidy and clean and bigger than i thought it would be as rooms in London hotels seem to be getting smaller and smaller. We were only staying one night but was comfortable and enjoyed our stay. What was good the next morning after check out was they let us leave luggage with porters so we could have some time in the area.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice park view on one side of hotel,"We arrived to about 17 degrees (humid) and drizzle and were put on the 8th floor - the heat in the room was unbearable - no air conditioning. We immediately asked to be changed to another room and they put us on the 2nd floor with no argument which was a much better temperature. The room was clean, quite small and old. The bathroom door had visible water damage and some paint was peeling - no fan in the bathroom. The bed was hard, not at all comfortable. I wouldn't recommend this hotel just because of the bed. The breakfast was not enjoyable at all. Very little choice, soggy toast, tinned fruit. The hotel was in a good location, very close to the Underground, 600m from the British Museum and just around the corner from a great pub with really nice affordable food.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or610-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Hercule Poirot would like this Hotel!,"This hotel is in a convenient location within walking distance to Euston and Russell Sq. tube stations (Piccadilly Line).  There is a Waitrose and Sainsburys five minutes walk away and plenty of Pubs and Cafes too.  The hotel is very ""Art Deco""!  The rooms were clean and of a reasonable size.  Wi fi was ok. There was no fridge. I also had a daily fight with the shower curtain which seemed hell bent on wrapping itself around me when showering.  Our stay was during summer when the weather was in the mid thirties.  There was no air conditioning and so we had to open the windows at night which resulted in sleepless nights due to Police/Ambulance/Fire Trucks hurtling up and down the streets with sirens blaring most of the night.  One thing to be aware of when booking through an…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location - Great Value for mone!,"As usual another brilliant stay at the Tavistock! Glad to see nothing changes (staff still friendly, prices good, rooms clean etc!) Located just down the road from Euston station and next door to a 24/7 shop f- handy for any night time emergencies!  I'm looking forward to another 3 weeks staying here for business! Breakfast is included and is always served by friendly welcoming staff! It tastes great too!  If you stay for more than 2 nights do take advantage of their Be Our Guest Offer... a free 3 course meal in any of the restaurants within any Imperial Hotel???  Bargain!!!  I personally recommend Poppadom Express within the Tavistock!   There is an ironing room on the 1st floor! Ask about it!!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Agatha Christie meets Hercules Poirot,"Worth Staying here just to sample the 1920's architecture and decor. Walking into the lobby, you wouldn't be surprised to see Agatha Christie enjoying a pot of tea with Hercules Poirot. The in-house Poppadom Express, Indian Restaurant, is also worth consideration - see my separate review.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location and good value,"Fantastic location, a few minutes walk from Euston, King's Cross and Russell Square tube stations. I booked a single room and was happy to be given a double room overlooking Tavistock Square.  Room was basic but clean. Bed very comfortable. Staff polite and helpful. Felt safe there which was important as a woman travelling alone. The breakfast buffet was good, with great coffee. It was the first hotel I've ever stayed in where there is a charge for leaving bags after check out, but it was only 50p so I didn't mind. For one night's B&B in Bloomsbury, unbeatable value.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location and good value with only small downsides,Rooms in cities like London are always small unless you pay a lot of money. This twin room suffered a little from feeling crushed due to limited space around the beds. It also suffered from a lack of electrical sockets near to the bed to charge phones etc.   Visitors should note there is no air conditioning so you just open a window onto a city that regularly breeches clean air rules.   However you can't really be negative because there are so many positives. The hotel has an art deco feel and is close to Kings Cross/Euston while preserving somewhat a village feel beside a green square with a relaxed atomosphere about it. Local small shops are within walking distance as is the tube. A large breakfast was included in the price and it sets you up for a day of tourism.  Overall I…,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or615-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Birthday treat,"Stayed here for 2 nights on theatre inclusive visit we were on the 7th floor overlooking the square . Room was very clean and comfortable with coffee tea etc. The room was very hot but we knew no air con so that was fine , when we were out we left windows open and curtains shut it kept the room cooler. Reception very polite and helpful. We had our meal  in jaques which was one of the places where our evening meal could be taken and it was really nice food.breakfast again was hot and good choice .I would definitely stay here again as we were able to walk to the theatre and Covent Garden and Oxford Street etc great all round hotel .",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location. Possibly the best Imperial Hotels ,"Close to Euston station and King's Cross, the Tavistock is in an excellent location. We were in London to see Billy Joel at Wembley and make a weekend of it and this hotel was ideal. We used it as a base to also walk to the West End, Covent Garden, Embankment as well as some of the fine hostelries around Russell Square. We enjoyed the breakfast and the room was more than adequate and we will probably consider this hotel next time.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location within a short walk of Euston Statio,Great location within a short walk of Euston Station . The hotel is not a luxury outlet but as a base it was clean . All the staff we met were friendly and helpful this is fact was the standout feature .,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",I love this art Deco hotel,"I have stayed at other of the imperial hotels, primarily the Royal National, but the Tavistock is my favorite. It isn't the most modern, it could do with a lick of paint here or there, but I love it.  You only need to walk in to the lobby to see why. It has been restored to all of it's 1930's glory and looks amazing. Sitting in the bar, you feel that Hercule Poirot is about to walk in.  The rooms are basic but are clean and quiet. Breakfast is good and included in the price (tip here - book direct and you automatically get the full English). Price wise it is great value and the location near the British Museum can't be beaten.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good ,I have stayed at this hotel a few times over the years. It has great tansport links with three major stations close by. Making it easy to get to any part of the capital.Hotel is clean staff very friendly and helpful. Would recommend staying here for a few days away ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or620-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great Location,Great staff,great value.","Recently stayed for two nights, celebrating our wedding anniversary. Great location,asked for room overlooking the square and got it. Clean room ,(if somewhat small),decent breakfast and very attentive staff. Had evening meal included in our deal,which we had in the Pavilion Roastery at the Royal National. this also was good food and very attentive staff. The only negative thing to say that there was no air conditioning in the room and we were experiencing some of the hottest weather this year.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location and budget friendly,"Three of us stayed here for a week in a triple room and it was a great hotel.  we had three single beds in the room and there was lots of space to walk around and unpack our suitcases. The rooms were comfortable and the bathroom had great towels and lots of hot water.  The staff were very friendly and the front desk helped a couple of time with direction requests.  Very good location and if you like to walk, you can be to the main theatre districts within 15 minutes.Either Euston or Russell Square tube stops took us to wherever we wanted to go and the hotel is located right across the road from Tavistock Square garden which was beautiful and a great place to sit and watch the squirrels.  The morning breakfast was excellent and nicely served at white table clothed tables.  The…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for London,"Good location for transport links.Euston ,Kings Cross and St.Pancras all relatively close and Russell Square Tube station a short walk away.Bars and eating places also all around Russell Square.Staff friendly and rooms clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Excellent Hotel, Good value for money","I stayed overnight at this hotel having stayed there before. I got a room on the 4th floor which was a twin bedded room, very clean and good size with a bay window looking out onto the park. The room ensuite had a shower and a bath. The hotel itself is very art deco and is very central. Included in the price was a buffet breakfast with a fantastic selection of juice, cereals, fruit and hot food. The waiters were very attentive and ensured a constant supply of tea and coffee. As stated I've been here before and can't really fault the hotel as it's spotlessly clean. It has been mentioned that it can be noisy with the traffic at night, and in fairness if you have a room at the front you will hear some traffic noise, it can't be avoided but it is central London and it certainly…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weeks stay,"Stayed at the Tavistock for the last 3years is so friendly staff are great, easy to get to very clean rooms,there is lots to do if you want a quiet night near by, good pubs and plenty of places to eat , the London tour bus stops just round the corner, it's not far from the tube station which will take you to leister square, Covent Garden",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or625-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A Very Disappointing hotel,"I have just returned from a two night stay at your Tavistock hotel.  I was very disappointed with this Hotel. The room was adequate but the bar felt seedy. The food was not good in the Jacques restaurant e.g. chicken thin and full of gristle, potatoes recooked and unpleasant and carrots hard. It also felt like a café.  If I had not been on my way to the theatre I would have complained but there wasn’t time.  The main dining room became an Indian buffet every evening which does not suit everybody. On our second evening because of my bad experience at Jacques, I wanted to try the Indian Buffet.  My husband, who has Crohns disease, is unable to eat spicy food.  We asked if he could get a jacket potato and eat it with me in the restaurant.  This was refused because they could not…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good for weekend break ,"This is situated and not far to walk from Euston station. Reception staff polite and courteous. We were moved to this hotel, the one we'd booked had over subscribed and we were offered this one. What a little gem of a place. We had a room over looking the garden, you kind of almost forget your in the city. Free wifi in the room, small TV and kettle and tea/coffee. Bathroom small but clean. Fluffy white towels. Stayed for breakfast, the Art Deco theme set off a great room. No lack of space or tables to be seated at. Range of cereals and full breakfast. The little touch of having what I can only describe as a mini cake stand on each table with butter and conserves was a great touch. The staff also come round and pour you fresh coffee and tea, a lovely touch. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",perfect location to explore London,"stayed here for 4 nights in May 2016, there are perfect connections by public transport, tourist attractions like British Museum, Musical Theatres etc. are walking distance, wifi is free and working fine, food is typical English (I recommand to book the full English breakfast, not American), room offered lot of space (did not expect this in the heart of London) - at all: completely recommandable to stay there for business trips or holidaying.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel for London mini break,"Stayed two nights at this hotel in pretty Tavistock Square. Friendly and helpful staff, comfortable rooms, lovely meal in hotel bistro and great breakfast in beautiful Art Deco restaurant. Great value, great location, great stay. I would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value and close to everything,"This is part of the Imperial Hotel chain and the most affordable. Located within easy walking to Euston, Kings Cross, St Pancras stations as well as Russell Square Tube. A lovely art deco interior that carries on into the rooms. Basic toiletries provided, free wifi in all the rooms. Tip:  Book online at the Imperial Hotel website, it's £10 cheaper a night.  I request a room looking over Tavistock Square, it's lovely waking up and seeing green outside your window. If you are a light sleeper then request a quieter room off the street. A full English buffet breakfast is included. Most rooms have bathtubs but be careful they are very slippery so ask for a rubber mat. British Museum, Library, Covent Garden and Oxford Street all in walking distance. Great cafes that do a proper…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or630-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An oasis of calm,"Visited Tavistock Hotel recently and found it to be a very calm place in the bustling big city.  After a day visiting the sights and sounds of London it was a relief to return to the Hotel.  The staff are very attentive and polite, nothing is too much trouble for them.  It is situated opposite Tavistock Square a beautiful  tranquil park yet is only minutes from Kings Cross.  Breakfast was excellent, no scrum to find a seat, a wide choice of food, with beverages poured out for you at your table. The room was basic but hey who wants to spend all day in your room when the are in London?  Fluffy  towels changed every day as was bed linen. We didn`t have much of a view as we were in an inside room overlooking walls and other equipment but again we were in London and didn`t spend much…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Friendly staff.Great location. Excellent value for money.,My friend and I have been staying in The Tavistock for many years.It is in an ideal position for all forms of transport. The rooms are good the food is lovely and the staff are very helpful. Excellent value for money.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,Very nice hotel in a superb location. From the time we walked in we were greeted with very polite staff who couldn't do do enough for us. We took two teenage boys and the rooms were more than spacious for us. They offered free WIFI and when there was a problem with my son not being able to connect there was a helpline that helped him resolve the problem. There were a few of downsides. TVs in the rooms could do with being a bit bigger and in the family room there wasn't enough plug sockets to accommodate phone charging needs. A touch of paint here and there would be good. These are very small downsides. Would I stop again? Definitely and also recommend it to anyone. ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pluses outweigh the minuses,"My girlfriends & I always stay here when we visit London.  It's 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross & 5 minutes walk to Russell Square tube & the Brunswick Centre which has a good selection of chain restaurants and shops. We usually get a free meal at the hotel's Bistro too, not spectacular but a good choice and nice staff. In fact all the staff are lovely and remember us from previous visits.This time I got a large twin room on 7th floor with big bathroom ; it was bigger than the twin room my friends had. As other reviews have said the rooms are hot and can be noisy wherever you are.  The bowling alley noise can be heard at times. As for traffic noise well it's on a main road. Overall it's good value; we love the deco style and any concerns we had were swiftly dealt with.…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"My third visit in this hotel. When you book make it directly through their web-page so you can get the English breakfast included and if you stay more than one night you can get free three course meal. The price is a bit high compared to the value, but that is normal in London. Rooms are tidy but worn. The double bed we has was really small for two normal sized, so it is better to have twin room. Since my last visit they have wifi-covereage in the rooms and that is good.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or635-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Never pay by card...,"So all went well. Checked into this place on a last minute booking and paid my £119 (approx €144). The machine went a bit crazy and appeared to reset itself but the transaction was completed by the banks so no problem. Next morning there became a problem in the photo attached. I was asked for my card and despite being reassured I would not be charged again I was. Explained this to the ""lady"" (am unable to use the true descriptive on here) who promptly told me I was not charged at check in although my statement says I was, would not pass me to a manager despite my request and used the exact words ""this is the last Tavistock hotel you will ever stop in"" whilst  grudgingly voiding the wrongly charged transaction. Attached you will see the girl who wiped a couple of stars from my…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely hotel & great lication,"We stayed here for three night for a weekend away. The location was perfect one tube stop from kings cross & only a couple away from the main tourist stops. Five mins walk to the tube. Rooms clean , breakfast was great as were the staff & ate in Jacques restaurant the food was great. Lovely hotel & staff & excellent base for a visit to London ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Bargain for London,"This hotel is part of the Imperial Hotels London. Each one is different but all offer excellent value. we have stayed at 2 other hotels in the group, but choose the Tavistock as it offered rooms to accommodated 4 (we were with 2 young grandchild so what one room). Our room was a good size and had a double and 2 single beds so ideal for us, unfortunately it over looked the park and a busy road, so on hot nights a little noisy, as no air con and windows open. Staff very friendly and helpful, expressly the lady in the restaurant who made our grandchildren feel special and welcome. We are all looking forward to our next stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect for 2* hotel,"I stayed here for 2 nights and I loved it. Good location, clean room, calm (my windows were directed to the inner part of the hotel), pleasant staff, a kettle and tea/coffee in the room, and there was a European socket in the bathroom so I could charge the phone. The breakfast was poor (continental) but you can have normal one for additional price. All in all I was very satisfied with this 2 star hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great weekendbreak,We were three for three nights and in a room overlooking the park. The reception were really helpful along with concierge team. The location of the hotel is perfect only 5 mins from the tube and two stops from the main attractions. We ate at the hotel in a separate wine bar the food was lovely and the staff could not accommodate us enough .  We would definitely recommend this hotel - one stop from kings cross station and will be back.  A gem of a find where you are in London but can get away from the bustle of the city.  A lovely relaxing break,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or640-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Location, Location or maybe not!","Look for a London Hotel on a Sunday night and you'd think you might find a deal, but it is obvious you don't and you get what you pay for. Location good. Welcome, very good. Nice staff, friendly and helpful. Bedroom, well a box with a window would best describe. Small, poorly furnished, tiny wall mounted TV. It was clean but very uninspiring. One point to note, it that this is the first Hotel in about 10 years I've stayed in with sheets, blankets and a bed throw! I thought they'd all been outlawed. Very noisy from street as I was overlooking the park and it was a warm evening, so as no Air con, windows were open. Breakfast was also an experience. There are times when the description of a full English makes you want to weep if that's what our visitors believe we eat. The food was…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Two night stay,"Staying for two nights on a business trip.  The hotel is ideally placed and easy to get to.  The reception staff are very helpful and welcoming, and the room is very good.    Would stay here again without hesitate.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Handy transportation, twin beds, tea & toast","We stayed 9 nights around the time of the Queen's 90fh birthday celebrations.  It is a basic hotel, but handy to busses, and a quick walk to food stores, including Waitrose. The taste of the coffee in the room and at breakfast isn't what North Americans are used to, and no cream was available.   So we switched to tea..it was England, after all...hahaha  We were given a ""quiet"" room at first but it looked into a square area with many hotel rooms looking at us, and there were large mechanical units.  Not a nice view. It had a small double bed, so we went to reception for a room that faced the nice park.   The street was noisy at night due to the bar overflow below our window. The incessant sirens on emergency vehicles were interesting. We were on the 7th floor. We decided on two…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Outer Reaches of Weird & Cheap...,"So, hotels in London are notoriously expensive, you can make $250 and end up in a flop house.  So, at just over £100 we knew it would not be luxury but hoped it would be ok-ish.   Pros: (i) it is very central in Bloomsbury, very active during the day, central to UCL, some nice square-parks lots of historic places (Bloomsbury set, Faber & Faber, Lenin even lived just down the street), (ii) cheap-ish for such a location, (iii) nice views of the part.  (iii) fairly authentic Modernist Architecture (unrestored).   Cons (substantial): (i) the street noise is fairly unbelievable facing Tavistock park, ambulances and police cars during the night, (ii) small square rooms and smaller bathrooms, (iii) rooms unhindered by air conditioning, in fact weird extra ducting put in even for…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short break in London,"Throughout our three night stay we found the staff in all departments to be helpful and curteous. The room which overlooked the Tavistock Square was extremely clean and tidy and efficiently serviced daily by the housekeeping staff. The towels supplied were soft and substantial with a ready supply of hot water at all times of the day. As we were staying for three nights we qualified for the complimentary first night  evening meal which we chose to have in the Jaques Bar at The Tavistock Hotel. The food in both Jaques Bar and at the breakfast buffet in the main restaurant was plentiful and fresh, with the ever attentive staff ready with refills of coffee at the latter. As The Tavistock Hotel is also very convenient for Russell Square, Euston and Kings Cross Tube Stations it will…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or645-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location and great price,"Stayed at the Tavistock for three nights in June and was more than happy with my stay. Stayed on the first floor overlooking the Square in a very clean and pleasant room. Reception staff were very friendly and efficient and I was even lucky enough to have unexpected early access to my room after my morning longhaul arrival. Breakfast was great and my included first night meal, taken at the hotel was very enjoyable. Location is terrific, a short walk to Russell Square, Euston and St Pancras Stations as well as shopping centre with supermarket. Will definitely stay here again when I return to London",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location/Annoying features,"The hotel is very convenient to Russell Square tube stop and the British Museum.That is the best part.  I was there with a group and the hotel was part of our group package. Unfortunately, my room was located just above a bowling alley which seemed to be open until 4 am on weekends.  So noisy I could not sleep.  It also had an unsightly courtyard view of heating/cooling equipment, trash receptacles and the bowling alley roof.The hotel staff did not care that I could not sleep and wanted a better view - or about the fact that I felt somewhat unsafe as a single woman in the  last room down a long hallway next to a stairwell.- very unsympathetic- and they insisted there were no other rooms.  It was disturbing that there is no manager on site on the weekends.  Finally, on Monday or…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Loved the Tavistock!,"Even though it was one of the only hotels we could afford in the area we wanted to stay in, we thought it was great!  Our room was quiet, clean, overlooking the square and met our needs perfectly.  The art-deco styling was fabulous, shining and clean, not ""dated"".  The breakfast room staff and the desk staff were very friendly, and the concierge staff were fun and helpful, though not very knowledgeable about pizza...  We booked tours through them very successfully.  We had no issues with the night club at all.  Thoroughly enjoyable as a home base for our trip.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice lobby very poor rooms,"We have chosen this hotel because of the location the price much to high compare to the same hotels in this area we paid 110 pound per night but in the same road imperial hotel charges 54 pound everything the same , the room are very small and the hotel does not have any parking facility . The hotel is very old and no air conditioning in the rooms we certainly NOT RECOMMENDING THIS HOTEL.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"The Tavistock is a good budget hotel. The negative is that it is hot in the rooms, there is no Air Con. It's needed. The temperature outside in July was 30* though.  Read reviews about the trickle showers, rubbish. We were on the 7 floor and hot water was almost instant and the showers were powerful, if required, and you could regulate them.                    The rooms are clean and attended and cleaned / changed every day, the prices in the bar are reasonable for London. Breakfast has a choice of Continental, full English or fruit. Positive. Russell Square tube is only 500 yds away so it's convenient for travelling to Central London. If booking for two days or more the first night has a complimentary 3 course meal. It's enjoyable. All the staff are warming.  Just another…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or650-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A great stay,"Stayed here with some friends this time - I can see that the hotel has certainly changed since my last visit.. It's good to see the rooms have been renovated and it look amazing. Checking in was seamless, I was checked in by a very smartly dressed and extremely polite gentleman in a suit- probably my lucky day that I got the hotel manager... He made you feel very welcome!! The room was s little on the hot side but that was ok because we were out all day. The breakfast was a little disappointing this time - every item was swimming in oil. Putting that aside, I will definitely be back again next month.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Brilliant value for money,Money has been spent updating the rooms with new windows and new carpet and wallpaper throughout... Looks so much better since my last stay!  Cheap and cheerful and excellent value for money with a great breakfast and staff.  Centrally located it's always my first choice for a cheap weekend in London. ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice clean hotel,"Very well situated within walking distance of kings cross and the tube station. Lovely and clean 1930s building, unfortunately our room was at the back and the only views were of other rooms but I can imagine if you have a room at the front overlooking the square then it would have been nice. We didn't spend that much time in the room so it didn't matter, really nice breakfast lots to choose from. Friendly staff, they let us check in early which was helpful. The only other thing was our beds were quite lumpy and uncomfortable, otherwise a great hotel would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Too noisy at night,I checked in again at the Tavistock on the 7th July  with no problem by a friendly helpful member of staff. I made the mistake of asking for an upper floor room at the back - bad idea ... Its an enclosed courtyard with roofs of kitchens / a health club underneath and a constant noisy air conditioning unit outside which gets louder the quieter the rest of the place gets. My only other complaint is that the shower above the bath which is protected by a shower curtain ends up flooding the bathroom as it cannot stretch to the wall due to an overhang on the wall.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Nice hotel, clean but small rooms","I asked a room at high floors because i have read about noise problem at lower floors. Our first room at 8th floor was a desaster: hot like in oven. Impossible to sleep. Next morning we went and asked not-so-hot-room and not-noisy-room and we got it. Really nice small room, view to Tavistock park at 5th floor. We slept really well.   Location is good, near Russel square metro station, from there metro goes directly to heathrow airport too. That was convinient, but it takes time so check your scedule!  We got free dinner at first night (as all guests staying first time), it was Indian buffet dinner (instead of two course meal). Buffet was good, ""average buffet lunch style"", basic-level. Nothing special but OK.   Rooms were clean and tidy. Two points left because that terribly hot…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or655-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Three night break in London,Hotel staff very courteous and helpful on arrival. Room spotless and tidy! As it was the beginning of the heatwave we asked for a fan for the room and received one within 10 minutes which was a great help!! We found the buffet breakfast to be plentiful and well cooked and the staff there were brilliant. We had a meal in Jaques Bar on the first evening and it was well cooked and well presented. All in all we had a great stay at The Tavistock and would recommend to family and friends and we would not hesitate to come here again. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good,"My wife and I stayed at the Tavistock Hotel for four nights in July.  The Art Deco surroundings are a joy, it must have been something in its day. The bedroom could have done with redecorating but, that asides, the room was kept clean, the service was excellent, and we would return to this hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One night ,Basic room as expected but that was fine. Hotel close to Euston and where I needed to be so that was great. I was in room 122 - outside traffic noise was ok and again as expected but the room is close to cleaning room and staff outside very early so maybe staff could be aware of residents. I wake 6am anyway but I am probably not in the majority. ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Comfortable stay, good location","Very well situated close to tube stations, cafes. Hotel was basic, yet comfortable. We had the 3 course meal included in our first night stay, we ate at the Tavistock option, won't be taking this option again, food was bland, vey limited choice. The male receptionist who first greeted us, appeared to just be doing a job. Having said this, every one else we spoke to were very helpful, concierge staff were excellent. Would stay here again, reasonable value for money, location is its biggest plus....",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely outlook,"My husband and I regularly stay at the Tavistock and have always found it extremely comfortable and great value for money. We requested as room on the front of the hotel overlooking the gardens and as usual we were rewarded with a lovely outlook and this visit the room was even nicer being a corner room on the front on the second floor. The staff including the room maids were as always most helpful and polite. The breakfast was excellent and we took our free dinner in the Jacques Wine Bar in the Hotel ""great"". We will certainly stay here again and have no qualms about recommending this hotel to our friends. Well done Tavistock you have once again added pleasure to our holiday.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or660-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We stayed at Tavistock Hotel for a few days end of March beginning of April this year. It's a nice and clean hotel, with a perfect location as it is only a few minutes away from Russel Station which we used very frequently. We booked on half-board basis and were quite satisfied. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay here should we decide to visit again. Thumbs up.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Interesting decor,"This hotel is close to Euston - and there fore St Pancras and Kings Cross.  Pleasantly situated on Tavistock Square.  ? Art deco?  Characterful.  Our room was not large, but okay by London standards.  All a bit 'faded', but clean and well presented. Breakfast was an interesting event - the staff may well be of Indian origin, the restaurant suggests it despite being ? art deco / nouveau.  The head waiter is a strange chap who beckons both staff and guests to do his bidding!!  The staff were working flat out to keep up and I just wished he'd cleared and set the odd table himself instead of all that 'bossing about'!",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Location, location, location."," Absolutely  amazing  location- close to everything - 10 minute walk to a number of central tube stations. Rooms were basic, but comfortable- though location meant we were next to busy street.  Had to close windows, which, on warm summer evenings made rooms warm - no air-conditioning. Fried English breakfast. Friendly staff.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",VALUE FOR MONEY,"My wife and I stayed 2 nights in July 2016 and were impressed with its cleanliness and having a great location. However on a different note, we found the Indian Buffet to lack any atmosphere because it was held in a massive room and there were only a few diners. We found out later that the room was the Hotel's breakfast room!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient budget hotel,"Not too far from Russell Square tube station.  Next to Tavistock Square Gardens. The rooms are basic, but spotless. Cleaned daily. Soaps and shampoo provided, which was a pleasant surprise. Wonderful, soft and fluffy towels. Beautiful Art Deco features. Our only complaint, although that is too strong a word, is that the pillows were very tired and need replacing. Breakfast wasn't spectacular but perfectly adequate and lots of it. Will certainly use this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or665-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Terrific Tavistock ,"Another excellent stay at the Tavistock. We never consider anywhere else now as this hotel covers everything you can need for a tourist in London. Still great breakfasts, updated rooms, ask when booking or checking in if a room with a view available. We had room 624 this time, on the corner, which gave lovely views. We don't mind the traffic noise, it's a capital city - what else would you expect?   The best but about this hotel? The marvelous staff, nothing is too much trouble and they want you to enjoy your stay. That's why we keep coming back. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You have all you need,"I think the Tavistock Hotel on Bloomsbury has unfair reviews on the web and I don't understand why. I stayed there for 3 nights in July. My room had: a very comfortable bed, a hair-drier, a kettle and teacups (plus tea, coffee and milk), a trousers press, a TV set, a writing table, and a large enough closet. The bathroom has the best shower I've ever had in England; furthermore, the light is excellent in case you want to put make-up on. Above all everything was very clean. The only drawback was that I felt very warm in the room, but the hotel assistants gave me a fan. In addition, the breakfast is a treat: there is a variety of juice, fruit, jam and cereal; bacon, eggs (boiled and fried), potatoe cakes, chips, toast, sausages, rice, beans, etc. Finally, you have all you need.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location but only OK hotel,"Two of us stayed three nights in the hotel. Location is great, as it was only a ten minute walk to the British Museum and near several Overground and Underground stations, restaurant, groceries, even a hardware store. The hotel itself is older and does not have air conditioning, so any time we were in our room on the seventh floor we had to open the windows to Tavistock Square Gardens. This was noisy in the daytime from the constant London traffic. It was noisy one of the nights until very early in the morning as it appeared there was some sort of party in the gardens across the street (as best as we could tell). Not much sleep that night. Also, it appears to be near a major hospital, so that sirens go all night in that area for ambulance and emergency vehicles.  The rooms are…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great stay,"Sayed here in Feb 2016, with my husband and two children. We had a family room, which had a double and two single beds. the room was very large, plenty big enough for 4 people. Location was fantastic, close to Kings cross station, Covent garden, British museum etc.., We stayed two nights with an offer to eat free an the first evening. the food was lovely and huge portions. I have stayed in much more expensive hotels in central London but would go back here first. Overall I would recommend it for families, couples or singles. I have stayed in two other hotels in the group and this is the best",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good for the price, strategic location","This is my favourite hotel in Central London and have been staying here for years... Every time I spend a few days in central London, I would always use this hotel.   I would say it's a 3-star rated hotel, basic (not luxurious), but decent and clean (has been renovated a couple of years ago). Would be suitable for tourists, or business people who don't spend the whole day in the hotel/room.  What I like: Strategic location (close to Russell Square, Holborn, or Euston station) Good price (hard to beat for what you get) Good service (basic, but clean) Good (English) breakfast Courteous staff   What I don't like: It can noisy at night in the area, especially over the weekends. So best to request for a high-floor room, or a room that's not facing the streets. In the morning, waiting…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or670-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London city break,"Stayed at the Tavistock hotel for 4 nights. It is a lovely, Art Deco hotel in a great location for either walking to the Strand or getting tube from Russell Square. Our room was on the 7th floor. The room was spotless and had a lovely double aspect window but was very hot at night. Leaving the window open gave a nice breeze but was a little noisy. The shower was powerful with lovely soft white towels. The buffet breakfast was good and the bar prices were reasonable. I would definitely stay here again. We booked our holiday through Superbreak and all in all was a reasonalble price. Our only complaint was our pillows were too flat and a bit lumpy!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Hot room, unfriendly staff.",We are in room 742. It is 16 Celsius outside. We have had the windows open for two days. The room remains a sauna. No AC at this hotel.  Staff is grouchy at best. Breakfast is tolerable but not something to look forward to.  Will not come here again.,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",superb second visit,"spent one night here on the 4/07/2012 for a hospital appointment next day, parked car near by in a sister hotel car park, then went into london for a day out with the london eye, thames boat trip and sealife center, totally worn out from these events, retired back to hotel, refreshed, went to hotel restaurant for two wonderful steaks and then into the bar for a couple of drinks before retiring to our room and slept well. refreshed next morning, went down for a well filling and nice breakfast.  had a loverly stay. stopping there again at the end of july.. hotel styled art deco.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for money,I stayed at this hotel for the weekend. The room was basic but very clean. Unfortunately the toilet in room 514 was separate to the bathroom and was far too small. Anyone over weight would find it hard to enter.The room was noisy at night with the traffic so we had to close the window. We ate in the hotel on our first night the restaurant provided Indian cuisine which was very nice. The desk staff were all very helpful. I would definately stay in this hotel again but in a different room.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Value for money, without a doubt","Location is great, walking distance from St. Pancras station. Rooms are basic but clean with a comfortable bed and bathroom (powerful shower!).The included continental breakfast is simple but with a choice of 4 kinds of cereal/muesli, milk, juices tea/coffee and toast/breadrolls we were happy. Staff is friendly and helpful. We ask for a quite room with a double, and we we supplied with that. The direct neighbourhood is nice, with a huge Waterstone bookstore almost nextdoor.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or675-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"The Tavistock Hotel is a perfect hotel for a break in London. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the location is perfect, only 10 min walk from Kings Cross and once there you are close to all amenities. Within easy walking distance to the heart of the West End. However, there are bus stops and Russell Square tube station all within a few minutes of the hotel. The staff were helpful and friendly, full English breakfast was just the ticket to set you up for the day. We had our main meal in the Indian restaurant that is on site and the choice was excellent. The bar is a welcome place to come back to after an evening at the theatre, and is also good value for money, it is not over priced and is a relaxing place to sit and enjoy a drink,.Our whole party had a wonderful stay and we…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A surprising eating venue,"We were 5 friends meeting for a chat. We needed a good restaurant that was relatively quiet, not TV's or loud music.  Surfing the net I found Jacques wine bar in Tavistock Street within the Tavistock hotel.  The menu is not extensive but had specials. We all chose the English lamb chops, not often sourced in Australia where we live. We all chose the chops with vegs. No hard carrots or cauli. New potatoes, aubergine, red and green peppers and tomatoes. We followed with 2 plates of cheese and biscuits. When we saw the size one would have been quite sufficient with a cheddar, camambert, blue with a choice of bread or crackers. We talked a lot consuming 3 bottles of french bordeaux.  All for 89 pounds. Pleasant light oak tables overlook Tavistock park. Perfect for our evening…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient location,"Lovely view of the gardens. Continental breakfast was substantial, had the chance to pay extra for the full English breakfast but didnt need to. Would definitely stay again if ever in London again as easy access to everything.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short break,"Stayed here for a long weekend in June ,well what can I say about this Hotel .the room was really nice ,clean ,great beds and in walking distance of most attractions.Bar prices was o.k for London .Breakfast was good quality and plentiful",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Location is central London about 4 blocks from Russell Square Tube station and 1 block from the bus stop. Had a standard room with two single beds and a washroom.  This was a good basic room with a window which opened onto Tavistock Square (a park).  Price was reasonable for downtown London and staff were friendly and helpful.  Breakfast was included with an upgrade to full English breakfast for 5 pounds (about $10 CAD).  Since we faced the street, there was noise during the work week and noise from the outdoor bar at night. You could ask for an interior room or high up to minimize the noise.  Had no problem sleeping.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or680-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",My Favourite Hotel in My Favourite City,"I have just finished my 7th 18 day visit to this - my favourite - hotel (in my favourite city).  I had a wonderful time.    The hotel only has one fault, which I will address up front.  It tends to be too hot - and the higher up your room, the hotter it will be.  The windows appear to only open 2 or 3 cm., but the limiting hook can easily be disengaged allowing the windows to open wide.  This allows the cooling evening air to get into the room and restore a comfortable temperature.  Having passed on this tip, I also urge that you show consideration for the hotel and refrain from leaving the wide open windows unattended in windy weather.  The breakfast is very good.  It is a basic ""Full English Breakfast"" and is very tasty.  The quality is consistent every day.  The breakfast…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another amazing stay,"This is my second visit to this hotel and I can honesty say that they have not disappointed me again.  Upon entering the hotel the doorman opened the door for me, he was so polite.  His name was Gavin (such a nice gentleman).  The Reception girl that checked me in, was so sweet.  When I got to the desk she was chatting to the General Manager, when she saw me she stopped and welcomed me to the hotel.  I could see from the badge that her name was Kerry.  The rooms are immaculate if not a bit on the warm side.  You can ask for a fan and a member of staff will bring it to your room.  It's so good to see that the towels have been replaced since my last visit.  These are huge and fluffy unlike the ones before.  It was good to see that the bathrooms now have toiletries.  This hotel is…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",4 day's in London,"Good hotel nice, friendly, clean and a reasonable breakfast. Fine for a few nights.  Visit the London eye, tower bridge, Covent garden, camden market, the city pubs etc Go to the beautiful parks, Queens palace and Many more to see. Traveling with the tube which is fast efficient and safe",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel,Room was best we have had in London. It was spacious and overlooking the park. Breakfast was buffet style so you could eat as much or little as needed. Check in was simple and as we arrived before 2 o'clock I did not think room would be ready but it was so happy days,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great value, friendly hotel.","This hotel has everything you need for a stay in London at a budget price. Rooms are clean, beds comfortable, en suite facilities with tea and coffee making facilities and hair dryer. Shower gel is provided and rooms are serviced daily. The staff are very helpful, very friendly, and there is plenty of them. Breakfast was plentiful and well cooked and served, continental full english, including steamed fish. The evening meal was a slight disappointment - plenty choice but very salty. You do not however have to eat in the Tavistock but can take your free meal in any of their hotels. You also do not have to take it on the first night - we arrived after 10.00 pm and so had our free meal on the next night. The hotel is only 5 minutes from Euston and just off a main route into the…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or685-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",No Frills Hotel,"This is a 'No Frills' Hotel.  Having said that it is an ideal location, staff friendly.  On first impression room was clean, however closer inspection looked as though the carpet had not been hovered for weeks, covered in bits and hair.  Bedding and Bathroom very clean.  Breakfast was ok.  Full English was nice but slightly off putting for the health conscious as bacon and sausages we sat in a lot of fat/oil.  No system to getting a table you just sat down where you wanted, and when busy this made it difficult to attract the waiters attention to get a hot drink.  Coffee was brought to you already poured in a cup not in a pot, so if you wanted more again it was difficult to grab their attention.  Having said that it is an ok hotel if you are on a budget and I would stay here again",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Try the Tavistock,"I have been working in London  for three weeks. This is my third Hotel. Its not top of the range but it is good value. The staff are nice and very helpful. The maid service is excellent. My bed this week was supposedly a double but 6"" seemed to be missing off the end ! Nice big baths, No air con and you cant have the window open as the traffic noise is beyond belief all night !I am Gluten Free.... be careful as the waiting staff don't seem sure what is GF... Overall rooms are ok, staff very helpful....have booked for the next couple of weeks....",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonably-Priced Hotel for Travelers on a Budget,"I would rather spend my money on tours and experiences than the place I'm only using for sleep. That said, the Tavistock was very reasonably priced. However, if you are looking for a standard American-type hotel, this is not the place for you. The rooms were small (actually, our room was quite large, but the trade-off was that we faced a busy street which is a direct route to the University of London Hospital and listened to sirens throughout the night. Also, we were awakened at 2AM by loud patrons coming out of the bar located inside the hotel. Frankly, I would have preferred the smaller room with less noise. Also, typically of British hotels, they do not provide wash cloths without a request (and don't expect them to replace them, daily, if you do request them). BTW, the Brits…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location Location Location,"The Tavistock is an outlet of Imperial Hotels, this one being in Bloomsbury. It is just off the Euston Road and so very convenient for Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston stations, as well as being within easy reach of central London. It is an inexpensive hotel and so the breakfasts are not quite up to the standard of, say, Premier Inn, but our room was comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful. We'll be back.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location,"The location of the Tavistock Hotel is great, just a short walk to the Underground and a Tesco Grocery store.  The downside is that sirens go all night in that area, police, ambulance and emergency vehicles.  Our room was on the 8th (top)floor, penthouse it was not.  2 twin beds filled the room.  But, we know that, and were only there to sleep.  A continental breakfast was included in our room charge, dry toast, cereal and rolls with canned oranges and grapefruit.  No protein.  Another 5 pounds ($10 Canadian) would have bought the all inclusive, and it did look good.  We declined.  Greek yogurt at Tesco was less than 1 pound.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or690-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for the money,"The location is unbeatable. A park right outside. Our reservation entitled us to first night dinner free! There are two restaurants in the building on the ground floor. Starbucks across the street. Quick walk to the underground stations. Water pressure was crazy good. Rooms were good (for the price we paid). When hot you simply crack open the window and it cools the place down. The walls are thin at times. Free buffet breakfast was basic but good. A new girl from Eastern Europe was rude at reception, she however just started so deserves a pass. ALL other staff members were exceptional! They also spoke Spanish and other languages. The bell staff get you a taxi like they do for me at the Hilton. Linens and terry were clean. Internet gets slow in the evenings when people start…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Yuch,"Springy beds, generic soap, beige everywhere- not dirty but certainly dingey- breakfast staff rudely announcing continental breakfast was juice toast and hit drinks ONLY, like I was going to steal a sausage. As I ate a manager use red a couple with complaints into his office - should have been a line.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","If you value sleep, this is not the place for you",This hotel is very basic. The room was clean and the bed was comfy enough. There is no safety deposit boxes; aircon or fridge in the rooms. The bathroom was clean but in need of a refurb and the shower was not brilliant. The problem for me was the noise. It was a Saturday night when I stayed but it should be made more clear to guests that there is a club either next to or under the hotel that you can feel/hear until the early hours of the morning! The walls and doors are so thin that you can hear what is being said on the tv next door and hear everyone passing in the corridor. Breakfast was a bit shambolic with disorganised staff - it took me 3 attempts to get a coffee from someone. The rest of the food is self serve and was ok but a £5 supplement if you want English breakfast…,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very Basic with  no air conditioning and a shabby interior,Given a room that was very tired then moved to another room that was not very clean (its mattress had the springs coming through) after we spoke to the manager of our concerns he did get us a new  mattress  for our second night Th windows do not have voile curtrains even though the windows look straight into a large office block It is very shabby and the cleanliness leaves  a lot to be desired the staff do not  seem to understand  the meaning of customer care,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Wonderful weekend ,"Well what can I say about my weekend away in london staying at this hotel it was.............FANTASTIC the lovely friendly staff could not do enough for us, the barmen were so chatty asking about our day as was the porters. Checking in team were lovely and friendly and again couldn't do enough for us.  All in all I would highly recommended this hotel and we will definitely be back, our thanks to you all xxxxx",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or695-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very basic but nice place to stay,"I had to go London and this was the hotel I was put up in by a friend.  It is a 5-10minute walk (depending on ability) from Euston Station.  The rooms of the hotel are very basic and small, but the way they are set out does give you space to walk around the bed and room etc.  The room was clean and tidy and the bed was made.  There is an enclosed wardrobe in the wall of the room (not sticking out and uncovered like some hotels).  There was both a bath and shower in the bathroom, towels and shower gel, soap and shampoo were provided.  Tea and coffee faciities were also provided, along with a tv and phone in the room.  The staff were nice, polite and helpful.   The bar wasn't too badly priced for drinks.  The breakfast food was nice, it was hot and non-greasy and there was a wide…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very basic but clean!,"Have stayed at the Tavistock several times and each time I leave I hope it will have been updated by the next time I go. Sadly not... The rooms themselves are very clean, if a little small. However, many basic expectations are sadly lacking: no air-conditioning (and in this area of London it is impossible to sleep with the window open), no fridge in any room (I rang in advance to ask if we could have a room with a fridge, but fridges only provided on request and for medical purposes only!!!), no hooks in the bathroom for towels (yes there's a bar, 1 bar, but you don't want to share this once towels have been used, and surely not hygienic. But not even a small hook for the hand towel!!!), the 'continental breakfast' was seriously disappointing and I feel for those who don't eat…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Bank holiday wedding in London,"We were invited to a wedding in central London over the Spring Bank Holiday weekend. The Tavistock Hotel prices were very reasonable compared with other similar establishments. If you book two nights, dinner on the first night is included. This is very useful as we didn't really have time to go exploring the area. We had drinks in the attractive Art Deco-style bar then ate in the Indian Restaurant and the food was very good. Breakfast was also good including enough choice for vegetarians. All the staff we encountered were pleasant, very polite and helpful. Some people have commented that the rooms are small but ours was fine and it is not a modern building. Comfortable and clean, we had no complaints.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Stay & Great Location,"This is a very nice low to mid range hotel.  The rooms are clean with lovely white bedding & towels. The staff were very friendly & they all did their jobs very well.  The breakfast has a good choice for most tastes..we ourselves enjoyed the English and went back for more!!  We've stayed in most of the hotels in the Imperial group and would certainly return to the Tavistock on our next visit.  Great location for buses, tube & walking to many places of interest in London. Would certainly recommend as it offers very good value for money.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","poor staff attitude, basic rooms","The good - decent location within waling distance of Euston/Kings Cross/Covant Garden. The bad - staff not overly helpful or friendly, very conveyor belt service. Room very VERY basic......no frills at all.....thin soap only provided toiletry, towel tiny and thin, room very small, not allowed to be given spoon from coffee shop to take to room. Buffet breakfast a little sad. Stayed as business, would choose another in future.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or700-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great base to explore london,"Booked this hotel a few weeks back.  We were visiting the Stones Exhibition.  Also wanted to visit London as not been for many years.   Just wanted somewhere clean and comfortable as a base.  A friend recommended the Tavistock Hotel.   Rooms were exceptionally clean, bed comfortable.  Bathroom small but how long does anyone wish to spend in a bathroom!!  complimentary soap added each day and towels changed daily.  Breakfast was plentiful with a lot of choice.  Staff keen to help.  Would definitely return and rates so so reasonable for London.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",excellent,"Excellent place to stay,very central to centre of London and very close to Russell square tube station,breakfast very good bar very good and good price for London,park opposite if you need some greenery A+++",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Needs updating,My husband and I stayed here 27th and 28th May 2016. Room small but adequate. Looked out over Tavistock Square which was nice. However the hotel bar was below us which was very noisy for both nights and we had little sleep. There was no air con in the room. The springs had gone on one side of the bed which made it very uncomfortable. Also the pillows were very hard. The breakfast was poor- looked like and tasted like it had been done the day before. There was no fresh fruit or yogurt. Disappointing.,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great value,"great value hotel, clean , friendly staff, nice breakfast. The small terrace ( a rare thing in London hotels) where i could enjoy my aperitif made my stay much more enjoyable. Excellent location. from now on it will be my first choice when i go to London",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great value hotel and great location,room on third floor clean and tidy comfortable bed a little too warm in the evening for my wife quiet location very good staff polite and helpful good breakfast plenty of choice good choice of bars and restaurants nearby.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or705-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Staff Training,"Stayed Saturday 21st May for cup final weekend with 7 friends. Staff very welcoming on arrival. After celebrating cup win, returned to the hotel bar at 12.40 am for nightcap. Two members of staff behind the bar, one male and one female. Was told in no uncertain terms that the bar was closed. We were under the impression that the bar was open until 1.0 am.  Although we politely explained that we were residents and only wanted one drink, the female member of staff's attitude was extremely rude and uncaring. She obviously had somewhere else to be. Another resident (not with our party) who overheard our conversation also questioned this lady as he was previously told by her that the bar was open until 1.0am. She then quickly back tracked on this and said the bar was actually open…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great time,"Just spent 2 nights at this hotel breakfast superb staff great could not vault it we will be back in August , meals were great and staff go out of there way to help you we spent little time in hotel but it was very clean and food great",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here for two nights 17th/18th May 2016, great location, clean hotel, it was dated but hey you get what you pay for!! Included in the price was a three course meal on the first night and breakfast both mornings. You could choose to have your evening meal at any of the sister hotels and we chose to go to The President  Hotel along the road at Russell Square. The meal was okay, just an average carvery, the service was very intense, there was more staff than guests and they seemed very on edge which seemed to rub off on the guests, if you moved they were there asking if everything was okay or if we needed anything, don't get me wrong they where very nice but it was a bit like being in a doctors waiting room, everyone was whispering, it was silent and no atmosphere. Breakfast…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect economy option for central London.," I am sure there are mixed reviews for The Tavistock. If you are a little hesitant about staying there then read on......  The important bits:  1. This hotel is central. It's walking distance to the West End and easily accessible from the tube.   2. The hotel is clean , has 24 hour reception, decent enough on-site dining and a pleasant enough bar.   3++ Most importantly if you are looking at a review on TA you know this hotel is CHEAP, but are a little sceptical of what you might end up with.   Remember everything is relative in London, but this will beat the well known discount brands on price . It has a fixed web price that includes breakfast, so no need to waste time surfing for a deal. So what more do you want to know......the bad bits....at this price it's not the Ritz. No…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonable value in a useful location,"Although the rooms are dated, he water is hot, bed is comfortable and the rooms quiet. However, the rooms are hot (even when it was cool outside) so you need to keep the windows open, so get a room at the back which are quieter away from the traffic. During my stay the free internet was down from checkin to checkout which was very disappointing.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or710-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location at an affordable price,"The room was clean, quiet, and affordable.  The breakfast was a buffet with a good selection of cold and hot foods.  The location is very convenient to many attractions as well as the Russell Square tube station.  The concierge was extremely helpful.  My only concern was the WiFi or lack of it in the room.  I had to go to the lobby in order to use WiFi.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",one night in London,"This hotel was great as a central location. Mid range price wise...nice hotel, good staff and excellent choice at breakfast self service., Close to railway stations. Park opposite front door so quite chilled out in hot weather.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Satisfying, not very good","This hotel provides a functional and efficient stay close to St Pancras station in the middle of London. The rooms are ok, but not surprisingly good. They are not very large, but clean, and everything that you need is in it. Beds are fine, not too hard. Similarly, breakfast is okay, but no surprises either.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Clean, comfortable and affordable with friendly and helpful staff.  Not too big but busy enough to give it a nice vibe. Close to the Briitish Museum, West End and Euston, Kings Cross/St Pancras stations.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic Value in every way ,"My Mother and I had a wonderful 2 night stay - we were truly delighted. Our room looked very recently refurbished and had a view of Tavistock Square. Because we were there for 2 nights,  dinner was included on the first night, with a choice of all the group's restaurants. We decided to eat at the in house Jaques Bar. The menu options were interesting and we fancied all of them. We managed 2 courses of extremely tasty food,  but couldn't find room for dessert so were offered coffee instead - how many places offer that anymore as coffee can cost more than dessert!  My Mum had a glass of nicely chilled white wine with our meal,  which only cost £2.40 After a very good breakfast buffet the next morning,  a porter went out in the rain to 'grab a cab' for us and off we went. Upon…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or715-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A classic 3* in the heart of London,"I'd booked a single room and requested a quiet room and was pleasantly surprised when I arrived to be given a twin room facing the back of the hotel.  It was as quiet as it could get for the hotel, aside from the hum of the industrial-type units down below.  The hotel is truly oldy-worldy; clean, with tea/coffee facilities, soap, towels, hairdryer, tv and free wi-fi. They offered a free meal on the first night, for which I chose the hotel's own Indian buffet which was average.  Morning breakfast is a decent selection, with cereals, ready-made toast, beans, hash-browns etc and they serve hot drinks to your table. The location of the hotel is one of the main perks, facing Tavistock Square, moments from Russell Square, minutes from Euston/Kings X, shops and restaurants all nearby,…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A gem in the heart of London,"We stayed overnight at the Tavistock Hotel with friends while seeing a show. The hotel is very close to Oxford Street/Tottenham Court Road, a very short walk. The rooms were comfortable and clean and we enjoyed a good full English breakfast the following morning. The staff at the hotel were all very friendly and welcoming (apart from a very grumpy bar attendant on the afternoon we arrived). We were on the fifth floor overlooking the square and enjoyed lovely views. The decor was tired, needed a facelift, but there was evidence that this was happening in the hotel. There were tea/coffee making facilities in the room, but take your own shower gels etc. as only soap was provided. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for a short break, we definitely would stay there…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short break in London,"Book online and save money not a lot but every little helps,was greeted by reception who were very friendly as usual,lovely room with large window overlooking Tavistock square,room lovely and clean full English breakfast,free wifi drinks in the hotel good value unlike pubs near trafalga square ,we walked from Kings Cross,close to Euston,get to Tottenham Court Road and lots of buses,even better if you have a bus pass,",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Friendly service,"Arrived at Euston Station, hotel is 8-10 minutes walk. Past two leafy squares   Russel Square and Tavistock  The Hotei situated at the far end of Tavistock Square. The entrance or foyer is large and bright. Buffet breakfast included in our tariff, as was first night 3 course dinner. We had to have room change, as our , 713 was very noisy this was a Friday so may have been the reason. I asked for a room overlooking Tavistock square gardens, the staff on reception could not have been more helpful. Recommend 612 double.  We ate thre second night in Jacues wine bar, again super service , example 3 course meal for two with a nice bottle of Vino. Under £40 in central London great deal. I found the room staff amazing nothing was. a problem my thanks to them and all other staff that…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend hol,"Generally good hotel. Good location. Rooms clean. Near to euston and British museum. Bathroom was very clean and had separate toilet in the same room.  Continental breakfast basic with toast, cereal and coffee but ok.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or720-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Faultless as usual ,"This is the fourth time we have stayed at this hotel. Location fantastic, staff friendly and rooms are lovely and clean.  Full english breakfast, indian buffet at night as an extra and reasonable bar prices. Looking forward to coming back soon. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another good stay,"Stayed last weekend and once again a nice comfy room, good good English breakfast just missing pastries. Close to Russell Square tube station and Kings Cross station but within walking distance of Covent Garden. We have already booked for July.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Birthday treat,What a lovely hotel stayed for my birthday loved this hotel staff was lovely could not fault this hotel in any way food was very nice will definitely stay here again  Our room looked over the park was just what we wanted,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",First stay,"I stayed here with my husband, sister-in-law and brother-in-law for 3 nights. We were very impressed.The staff were all very friendly and helpful.The bedroom was very clean.The reception area and bar were art deco, it was really lovely. Food was good.It is an ideal place to stay, It was easy to get to places. plenty of buses and tubes. We would certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Absolute minimum...,"Included breakfast was sad: choise between 4 types of cereals and a breadroll with jam.. No yoghurt, fruit,... Room was extremely tiny and quite dusty.  Husbad is tall but not in an extreme way: he didn't fit in the bed nor the bathtub. The double bed was only 130 cm wide. We were glad we could leave. Eventhough we're not picky at all.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or725-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Family trip away.,"The reception and public areas were clean and functional but past their best, the hotel must have been grand at one time. It needs attention to its decor. We booked double rooms, again clean and functional with no frills but quite small. Breakfast was adequate whilst not delicious. Reception staff were friendly, efficient and helpful but catering staff would benefit from some customer care training e.g asking visitors if they would like tea or coffee rather than saying "" you want tea or coffee"" etc. Given the London hotel prices the Tavistock is reasonable value.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or730-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Stayed here with a group of friends, felt so at home from the moment we walked into the hotel. The receptionist was extremely welcoming, she was helpful in giving me a room to my liking. The room was immaculate and very warm.we had breakfast in the hotel the next day, the choice of food on offer was very good but the toast was a little hard - thankfully I asked the waitress for some fresh toast of which she brought to me.. I have been to many hotels in London but I can say that this is one of the best for the price I paid.. I will definitely be coming back if they continue to give the service that I got in my last visit..",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or730-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worst experience ever,"We booked a double room and, for expenses claim reasons, we asked for a split receipt before booking. Having been told that this was OK, we proceed with the booking. We also reminded this at the reception desk upon arrival. It was therefore hugely disappointing  hearing from the receptionist that this was not possible instead, and that we could receive only one receipt, with only the name of the booker on it.This actually prevents me from claiming my expenses back. Apart from this, the breakfast was horrible and poor. The sausages were always burned. Room hygene was bareley acceptable, and there was a water leakage on the bar ceiling and some mould too.. The location is OK, but there are thousands of better options in the Bloomsbury area.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or730-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fabulous stay,"Yet another stay at this lovely hotel, been many times & keep returning as the price & location are just spot on. The rooms are very clean indeed & the staff are very helpful. The breakfast is always fresh & tasty. Looking forward to our next visit to London  ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or730-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value for money,"Me and my family booked this hotel expecting it a basic hotel for the price we paid. When we arrived we were suprised to find the hotel was much nicer than expected. Staff were very polite during our whole visit. I shared a twin room with my younger brother and the room was very spacious, not cramped. The toilet was in a separate little part in the room than the bath tub and sink which me and my brother preferred since there's no more waiting for each other to get out the bath to use the loo. The breakfast was great, fry up, cereal and toast. Also, we got a free three course meal included on our first night with the price. We chose Poppadom Express but didn't enjoy this as much. The starters and deserts were great, the mains not as much and I found there wasn't much choice for…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or730-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Third visit to this lovely hotel.,This is our third  visit to the tavistock hotel. Everything is close by and easy access by bus or underground. Fantastic iconic London sites all close by. The hotel is worth every penny but the only down point this time was breakfast which was dried up on most mornings especially the eggs and bacon. ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or735-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",very good,"Perfect stay, great Central location... and the staff are always friendly and helpful! The breakfast was fairly basic.  The rooms are small but very clean. The  internet connection was unstable and I couldn't use it..",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or735-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fab stay as always! ,"Perfect stay, great Central location... and the staff are always friendly and helpful! Perfect location to stay for weekend shopping trips.... and the rooms are not too pricey for such a central spot...!   Buffet style breakfast is a perfect option.... and there are loads of different places for dinner right in the doorstep...! ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or735-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good value for money,"We stayed here for 3 nights, our rooms although simply furnished,had recently been refurbished, they were kept clean by efficient housekeeping.The hotel is pretty central with Euston station, and the british museum only a 5 min walk. We found the front desk staff pleasant and helpful. As mentioned at £109 for B and B with a 3 course meal on the first night it's good value for money. The breakfast was fairly basic fry up stuff, ie cereal, eggs, bacon, hash browns, beans, and toast, no fruit, yoghurt, cold meat or cheese. We had our free meal night in the indian restaurant the ""poppadom"",( there are other choices available within the other hotels in the group).The main courses were very good,the starters and sweets not so good.here again the staff were very nice. Try and get a…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or735-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Tired decor, basic, definitely not a 3 star hotel.","I have not stayed in a London hotel in many years but I am a seasoned hotel traveller elsewhere in the UK and abroad.I have never stayed in a 2 star hotel anywhere that did not offer me shampoo or hand towels.The Tavistock offers neither. The room was a reasonable size but felt quite institutional. It was clean but basic, furnishings functional with no luxury or attention to artistic tastes.No pictures.Just 4 hangers in the wardrobe.'Delightful view' over the central roofs and chimneys of the hotel but at least that kept the noise of traffic down. The breakfast was OK and plentiful, could have offered a lot more variety in both the cooked and continental -style options e.g mushrooms.Staff attentive.We ate lunch in Jacque's wine bar as part of the 'stay 2 nights get first night…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or735-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for and this hotel was more than adequate.,"Room not huge but beds and bedding clean and comfortable. Shower very good, warm and powerful. Staff helpful and happy especially in restaurant. Close to major tube stations and Euston, Kings Cross, etc. I think what we paid was the correct amount for this level of accommodation. Breakfast buffet more than adequate. Coffee in bedroom tasted awful ! Would I stay there again ?? Certainly ! Nice to feel I stayed in London and got value for money.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or740-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here twice, once for business and once pleasure. Both occasions were fab. A short walk from Euston station and close to the tube stations. The hotel is dated but for the price you can't complain. The rooms are very clean. Would stay here again when I'm next in London",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or740-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",More than adequate,"We stayed at The Tavistock for four nights, having requested a room overlooking the Square and on a high floor.  Both requests were granted. The in-house bistro was chosen for our first night complimentary dinner and it didn't disappoint. Good food and pleasant service. Our room was on the small side but it was clean - the bathroom exceptionally so. Top marks here! Oh, and towels were changed every day - a nice touch. Breakfast, buffet style was as good as we've had in any similar establishment - wholesome, plenty of choice and hot. No shortage of pleasant staff too. Now for the only pitfall.  If you enjoy a pint of well kept draught bitter, avoid the hotel bar. My Marston's Pedigree was as flat as a fluke and even the lemonade in my Wife's shandy failed to produce a head! This…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or740-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",gret location near euston,"stayed here for 2 nights for short break in london, literally 2 minute walk from Euston Station, tip if staying don't follow the sat nav or google map directions takes you right out your way - come out of Euston Station at the traffic lights at the cross roads, go straight ahead (there will be the Euston Hilton on your right) to top of the road and hotel is straight opposite  rooms were clean and presentable, as wasnt staying in the rooms, wasnt that fussed, just needed somewhere to sleep, long as room was clean, only thing is the towels provided are not very big - not much good when had shower, tea coffee facilities in the room, along with hair dryer, and basic amenities i.e. soap provided  there were 2 vending machines in reception area selling water, cold drinks and nibbles,…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or740-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Gets the basics right,"This hotel offers excellent value for money. Hotel staff is helpful and friendly, rooms are somewhat basic, but highly functional. Breakfast is similarly good. It had the elements of English breakfast, but without the lavish extensions that other hotels tend to offer nowadays. Furthermore, the hotel is located within walking distance of Pancrass international and several underground stations, making it a prime location for train travelers from the continent.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or740-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value,"We stayed at the Tavistock in late March booked as a Superbreak deal which consisted of 2 nights bed and breakfast with an evening meal on the first night good breakfast available buffet style usual English breakfast would have been nice to have croissants and maybe yoghurts available.  As previous reviews found this hotel to be good value for money rooms on the small side but adequate for a couple, room cleaned daily and towels changed, tea and coffee making facilities available in room.  Approx 20 minute walk into covent garden area and main theatres found staff to be friendly and helpful would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or745-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good,"If nothing available in London or prices sky high, the hotels belonging to the Imperial hotel group are always available at a reasonable price. When booked via their own site full English breakfast and a dinner for 2 included. Via booking.com or other 3rd party only continental breakfast included. The Tavistock is quite good. A bit old fashion bit nothing wrong with that. Had a good sleep and a good breakfast. Dinner was ok too. No complaints. You get what you pay for and all was just fine. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or745-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good hotel,"excellent location, ok service and ok breakfast. the hotel has very good value for money. i dont think you can get a better location in london for this value. the staff is a bit grumpy, but they do their job.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or745-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Location,"This is our fourth visit to this hotel, we keep returning because it is good value for money, good location, clean and comfortable and friendly helpful staff. There is a complimentary meal on the first night (the chilli is hot) and plenty of variety for breakfast. They also do an 'all you can eat' fixed price curry option in the dining room but we didn't have this so can't comment but it's an option to their Jaques restaurant. There is a nice bar for a night cap before bed.  Our room overlooked Tavistock Square so we had a nice view, can't comment on the traffic noise, this is London so you'll always hear traffic! The location is perfect for theatres and restaurants, tubes or buses or a 20 minute walk to Leicester Square (about a mile so if you stroll it'll be a longer walk!).…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or745-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Return visit and great value as ever for single traveller.,"I dont know how they keep to under £85 online booking at the Imperial hotels website for a single traveller. The rooms on the refurbished floors are clean, warm and whole hotel has new double glazing, they are not huge but reasonable size, not the cramped tiny single rooms you get in many other hotels for even higher cost. All have bath and shower but only soap provided. Free WiFi seems fast enough and kettle provided but suggest you take a small carton of milk as its just milk powder provided. Beds are comfy although pillows vary.  Breakfast is a bit limited but hot food includes fish as well as usual bacon, sausage, egg etc- shame tomatoes are tinned and no yoghurt but nice touch is that tea/ coffee served at your table when in most other hotels you have to queue to do the…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or745-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for a good location,If you get this hotel for a good price (by London standards) then I would thoroughly recommend.  We were travelling with a baby so we were put in a disabled room which had loads of space for the cot and had everything we needed.  The breakfast was ok – the staff in the breakfast room were very nice.  We also had an evening meal included in our package which we had in the on-site bar (we were given a choice of restaurants we could eat in that are based in other nearby hotels which I presume are part of the same company).   The three course meal was great and exceeded expectations given what we had paid for the weekend.    The location is walkable from Kings Cross and there is a bus stop over the road (near Starbucks) or on the road towards the tube station.  The Brunswick Centre…,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or750-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Rugby Weekend,A group of us older guys spent another weekend at the ideally situated Tavistock Hotel. Five minutes from Euston. Five minutes from the Russell Square underground. OK the rooms are a little dated by the staff are really helpful and welcoming.Cracking all you can eat breakfast.I would happily stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or750-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value & location,Close to several tube stations and to Kings cross which makes getting around very easy. Decent breakfast although it would be more interesting if they changed it around a bit. Clean rooms with basic amenities. The talking elevator is a hoot.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or750-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great place,"This is my third hotel of my second trip to London and by far, it's my 2nd favorite.  My trip was last minute and I had booked somewhere else but I really wanted to get away from tourists but still be ""very central.""  This place was perfect--from the tube stops to the local spots.  We even found a movie theater within walking distance to catch DEADPOOL opening night.  I did not have any issues with the hotel staff.  Everyone was rather quiet and reserved.  The bartenders could liven up a bit but overall, the place was quiet.  As for the room itself, it was great.  It's a hotel not a living space so I expected a small room with a small cabinet.  Sometimes it was cold but it was February and you could ask for an extra blanket.  The water pressure was amazing.  The wi-fi worked but…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or750-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The worst!!,"The stay started with a complimentary meal. I had to order everything more than once, as thIngs did not arrive. There was a mouse running about near my table and the pudding had crusted from age.   I retired to my room. The walls were thin, and I could hear everything in the room next to mine, so sleep was some time coming.   At 4:00 in the morning I was woken by 2 telephone calls from a very insistent man in reception asking if I had ordered a pizza. I did not get back to sleep. I wanted to move hotels so I asked to speak to the manager. I was told that there was no manager that day, all day, but that I could speak to the supervisor at 6:00 am. I waited for him. He started work 20 minutes late, and was still dressing when he arrived.   I am told that it will take 3 weeks for…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or750-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",More functional than comfortable. ,"The hotel has a stylish entrance leading straight into the reception area. Unfortunately,  first impressions on the service weren't good.   With only one staff member at the reception desk, we waited in a queue which grew to 8 people in all. It was 10 minutes ( on the lobby clock - felt like longer) before another staff member stepped to the desk to assist.  Once check in started it was quick and efficient.   The rooms are small, but clean and warm. You are only supplied with one mid sized towel per guest. No hand towel was provided and if the towel that was provided was meant to be a bath towel - they were way off the mark. Way too small.  The hotel is ideally located for London sites, but you wouldn't want to spend too much of your visit in the hotel room.  ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or755-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Art Deco features fit well,Room warm and comfortable  bit perplexing you had to ask for shampoo Always been overrun with it in the past. Good quality full English breakfast served buffet style. Bar prices very reasonable for central  London.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or755-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",theatre trip,very good location welcoming staff very helpful room a little small but adequate lovely breakfast we had a complimentary evening meal on the first night ay poppadom express excellent good choice well presented would definitley return good value,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or755-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Hotel - Great Price,"We have stayed at this hotel a few times in the past, most recently for 3 days last week.  It is in a perfect location for all the central London amenities and close to both russell square and Euston stations.  The staff at the hotel are without exception all friendly and very helpful, the rooms are perfectly adequate and beds very comfortable, and considering the busy roads outside are very quiet.  Had an evening meal in Jacques restaurant on the first night and this was really nice, again staff very friendly.  Good breakfast each morning which is a buffet, and unlike many other hotels that provide buffet food, the food was always hot.  All in all if you are wanting a decent priced London break in a perfect location this hotel is hard to beat -  I look forward to our next visit!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or755-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Stay,Good impression on walking in.  We only stopped one night. It was nice and clean with a comfortable bed. A few more tea bags or coffee would of been nice. To say it was a busy road it was very quiet. Staff very helpful. Not far to walk to where we needed to be the Theatre and Kings Cross. Breakfast was spot on. Very happy with our visit. Would definitely stop again. The only downside was the smell of what I think was curry in the corridor. (Nothing against a curry we do like them),Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or755-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfectly Adequate for London Trip What a Savings & Very Good Breakfast,"Feel very remiss in delaying my review. Faced a number of unexpected challenge when we finally decided to go home. We stayed at the Imperial Hotels' Tavistock Hotel for the 2nd week of October 2015. Our planned week in London was to be a prelude to a TransAtlantic Inaugural Cruise on the NCL Escape. We originally planned to be In London during the last week of October with reservations at the Marriott Renaissance St. Pancras. (for many reasons, particularly London, The St. Pancras is certainly one of the finest hotels in the world for Marriott people, like us)  We will normally look at Marriott's worldwide because they are an assurance of meeting all our expectations. Also, Platinum Elite gives us lounge and some advantages. Marriotts are usually only passed-over due to…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or760-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",All about location. ,"This is a Good city centre hotel, it is close to Russell Square tube and it is 5 minutes walk to the British Museum. The Hotel is tired and out of date, but clean and warm, breakfast disappoints, the inclusive breakfast is cereal and ""toast"" but that's not the point, it is all about the location. There is an Underground car park next door with not bad rates for a central London car park.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or760-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great stay,Stayed here 3nights 1st night got free 3 course meal in Jaques which is adjacent to hotel. Rooms are basic but clean Hotel bar prices are reasonable and hotel is located over the road from Euston and only 5 mins walk down to Russell Square Underground.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or760-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",There are only two good things in this place:,"1. Proximity to UCL (if you are there for business).  2. Water pressure (best shower in a long time).  Other than those two highlights, this is the typical overpriced English hotel in the heart of London. Old, shabby, dirty, and worn down. Yes, there was some remodeling. However, of the cheapest kind. In a previous review a manager replied mentioning that their ""Art Deco"" architecture is much liked. Please... I would call that ""Art-Decorette"" at best. Using MDF and a little bit of paint to make a tiny dirty room look snazzy is like asking the 92-year old woman to put on a bikini and lipstick because that makes her look younger.  As mentioned, the room was tiny and the carpet filthy. Some parts worn, others remodeled. The chair at the desk was worn through (you actually sit on…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or760-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good solution if you want to stay in the Bloomsbury area,"For me this is a safe solution every time I visit London and I need to stay close to the city centre without spending a fortune. The rooms are clean and decent, although some details could certainly be improved, especially in the bathroom. Breakfast is ok too. If you are looking for an exquisite hotel experience this is certainly not the place for you, but if you are happy with a decent room and an almost perfect location then go for it!",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or760-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, friendly staff, good value.","Stayed here for a two day break and would happily return. Staff were all friendly, welcoming and helpful and we were greeted with smiles from everyone! Location is excellent with two tube stations in easy walking distance (Euston and Russell Square) and attractions close by include British Museum. Rooms were functional, well equipped and very clean. Our room overlooking the square was lovley. Breakfast was good - perhaps less choice than in some hotels I've stayed in but the food was well presented, hot and tasty and the staff were attentive and happy to refill tea and coffee as often as required! Would certainly use this hotel on any future city breaks. Thank you to all staff.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or765-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Friendly and helpful but shabby decor,Not the most upto date decor needs touching up but the staff were very friendly and the breakfast was very good. This close to the city was a reasonable price with Trip advisor. As did not stay in the room too long was an excellent stop off point. Close to a lot of the major railway stations and easy reach of the theatres and plenty of restaurants if you don't want to use theirs. Would use again for price but would prefer a more modern hotel.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or765-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ridicousloy over-priced these considerign the state of the Hotel.,"My Parents in-law stayed here in the early 70s for there Honeymoon. It looks like it's not been updated since. For what they're charging I'm not asking for World Class facicilites, but this should be a £40 to £50 per night hotel not a a £110+.  Needs an update or to seriously drop their prices!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or765-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",(Relatively) cheap and cheerful,"We've stopped at the Tavistock Hotel a number of times and have never had reason to complain. For just over £100 per night for a double room you get a hotel walkable from St. Pancras Station and Covent Garden, and literally five minutes stroll from a number of tube stations. The rooms are functional but clean and with comfortable beds. Oh, and you get breakfast too.  It's by no means the Savoy but it's a fraction of the price and it's brilliantly located. If you're after a reasonably-priced but central and convenient base from which to explore London then you'll be hard pushed to beat it.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or765-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great food, staff friendly, idea spot to stay, so close to Euston, walking distance.","If you are looking to visit London near your arrival station of Euston, this is the place to stay, walking distance about 5 minutes, accommodation clean, well presented, reasonable price, look out for offers stay 2 nights get free meal, full english breakfast included as well as continental if you prefer. Can also walk to west end or catch bus or tube.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or765-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but Good Value,"I booked two nights B&B, with dinner included free of charge on the first night as I was in London for a conference. I managed to change the dinner until the second night which was great, as I wasn't able to arrive until about 10pm. The room was very basic, and the toilet could have done with a clean....but the bed was comfy and the rest of the facilities were fine. The staff were friendly and breakfast was fine. It was a hot buffet for breakfast, and I had poached eggs on toast which was nice (well-cooked eggs!). It was about £85/night, including two breakfasts and one dinner, in a great location at Russell Square - really good value for money. So although it was very basic, for that price I would definitely stay again as it was so convenient.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or770-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient Setting,"Close to Euston Station, even closer to Russell Square Tube and walking distance to Covent Garden - this is a good location for a visit to London. Our room had been redecorated in the last 12 months and was a lot cleaner than other reviewers appear to have experienced.  We had a corner room with one window overlooking Tavistock Square and the other overlooked by the BT Tower. There is no separate heating in the bathroom or toilet so these were on the cold side.  The bath was very narrow - a bigger person would not have fitted in!  Breakfast was not a huge selection but it was good and the staff were friendly.  A bonus I wasn't expecting was a free evening meal at any of 6 restaurants attached to this chain of hotels.  I would definitely use this hotel again as long as I can get…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or770-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Deep clean needed ,Nicely situated for us but the inside let us down the bed sheets looked like they had blood on them and we had to get them changed it was fairly dirty around the ledges and mirrors and some of the interior was looking tired  food was good eat as much as u like breakfast really sets u up for the day the staff were friendly and helpful  ,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or770-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions.  It is centrally located a 15 minute walk from Euston Station next to Tavistock square and 5 mins away from Russell Square Tube station.  Beneath the hotel is a bowling alley which is great.  The hotel has a bar and Jacques Wine bar which the public can access.  In the winter you can get a voucher for a free meal on your first night and this is brilliant as you can use it at any of the hotels in the chain, we usually go to the President hotel which offers a 3 course carvery which is lovely.  The rooms are very pleasant and food is fine and the staff are very helpful.  I would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or770-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"This was a very pleasant, clean and tidy budget hotel in Bloomsbury. Food is good, room is a decent size and clean. The only, little, niggle, is that there is no shampoo supplied for the bathroom. Otherwise, a good choice of hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or770-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good for the money,"Room was fine, comfortable and clean. Breakfast could be a little bit more adventurous. Brown Bread/toast perhaps. Filter Coffee was grim, but was here for work so could have no complaints, Lot of contractors using the hotel so breakfast lounge was quite full.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or775-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Value and service,"Have stayed at the Tavistock on numerous occasions and always had excellent service from the rooms to the food and to the staff.  They are alwasy friendly and very attentive.  However this stay they excelled themselves in my opinion.  We had left our suitcases to be picked up nearer the time of our train back home.  My daughter when to the ladies room before we left and as we were waiting for our train she realised she had left a package in the ladies room.  I rang them from the station and a gentleman called Gavin, whom we had got our cases from, confirmed that the package had been handed in.  He put my through to housekeeping and they arranged to send the parcel to my home.  People go on about how unfriendly and unhelpful some staff are in London hotels but for me the…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or775-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I was apprehensive about staying here after reading some of the negative reviews. The room was clean and comfortable, the staff very helpful and polite. Breakfast was good. Very central. Will be booking again next time I visit. The hotel is ideal if you only need somewhere to sleep which I did. They also will hold you bags after departure for 50p each which is so much cheaper than £11 at the train station. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or775-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,"Been coming here for over 20 years. Got onto the top floor in a lovely quite room, facing into the back of the hotel next door. But I didn't come here for the view. Good room, good bed etc.   Breakfast is always good, staff there are outstanding and work very hard for their money.  It's a good place to people watch, I spent one morning watching in wonder on how greedy some tourists were, filling plates like it was there last super! Guys you do know you can go back for 2nds? You don't have to show yourself up as a pig taking enough for 2 people on one plate.  So, the hotel is ideal for me as I'm out all day and at night I'm at the theatre.  Well worth every penny, the county hotel is the next value hotel down in price, basically the same without the Pvt bathrooms so iv stayed…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or775-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Excellent Value, great location","This was our third stay at this hotel through a Superbreak deal so was extremely good value. Our room, as previously, was clean and comfortable, not luxurious but  had everything we needed for a trip to the Capital,  you only sleep and shower there. Breakfast was  very good, plenty of choice as expected. Location is great as there are tubes and buses nearby. The bar attached to the hotel, Jacques Wine bar, is exceptionally good value for money, especially the rose wine! Better than the hotel bar, which is lacking in atmosphere and is more expensive. Unfortunately Jacques closes earlier, I think it was 11 pm.  Will definitely return!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or775-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Wanted a hotel close to the centre,"Good for its price, would have preferred it a bit better. All bus stops close to many places, nice location, good continental breakfast and English breakfast as well for a charge which is quite reasonable",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or780-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent!,Stayed here on a recent trip to London and was very happy. Hotel clean and staff friendly. Breakfast was good and hotel only 5 minutes from nearest underground station. This station also takes you directly to London Heathrow terminals 1 2 3 and 5 which is about an hour away but doesn't seem that long. Overall would recommend this hotel to anyone.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or780-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location for sightseeing,Average price for London but very close to the Tube and lots of tourist sites.  We stayed for two weeks and toured local sites daily.  The full English breakfast is wonderful and Wifi was found in most of the hotel.  They have an electronics charging station in the lobby.  Would return.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or780-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget Hotel in good location  - Skip the continental breakfast,"Check-in was very efficient - no queue when we arrived about 8.30pm.  The lady who served us was very friendly and organised a twin room on the top floor.  The room itself was small - not much room at all.  However it was clean and reasonably quiet despite being close the lift.  The room was really hot.  I would not like to stay here in the summer.   The beds were tiny.  I am only 5'9 and my feet hung over the end of the bed.  That, together with the excessive heat meant the first night was pretty uncomfortable.    Breakfast was a scrum and our package included the Continental Option - best avoided and we only went down for breakfast on the first morning. Starbucks, Pret A Manger and other coffee shops near by were better for breakfast.  After checkout (11 am) we were able to…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or780-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",New Year's Eve ,"We stayed here for a few days away for the wonderful fireworks 👌🏻 we love this hotel because it's located in a good place & don't have to travel far to see all our favourite places. All the visits we've had to this hotel have been pleasant, the staff are polite & so is the grumpy looking fella in the dining room🙊 there's plenty of variety for breakfast also. I'd certainly recommend this hotel as we have never had any issues in all the stays we've had here. 👏🏼",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or780-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location!,"The Tavistock is a reasonably basic hotel but perfectly clean and in such a good location for transport, shops and restaurants. The staff were friendly and man on the desk with Geordie accent was very helpful when booking our visit to Madame tussauds. The cooked breakfast options were great yet the continental choice was very limited. The staff were quick to offer tea and coffee. The view from our window was lovely.  Although I would return I do feel the tea tray Could be better. One none brand tea bag and one non brand coffee was pretty poor- a nice tea tray makes all the difference! ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or785-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great for short period stay!,"This hotel is great for a short and low budget stay in London. Located in the very heart of London it’s great for those who’d like to visit lot of places in London not necessary using a public transport. Hotel is close to Kings Cross and British Museum. Every day cleaning, nice and comfortable bed, very clean bathroom and absolutely great breakfast. It is absolutely worth visiting and recommended.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or785-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another lovely stay,"We stayed over New Year and you can't beat the hotels location, close to King's Cross station and within walking distance of Trafalgar Square. Underground station 5 mins walk away. Nice comfy rooms and full English breakfast. Will definitely be using the hotel again.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or785-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",3rd visit and would still come back ,"This is my 3rd visit to the Tavistock and I would still return! The hotel is lovely and clean and staff are welcoming!  We had a family room and a double room and both were immaculate and ready before the advertised check in time.  Fantastic location near kings cross station and covent garden! We walked back from the fireworks along the Thames and it only took 20 minutes.   Breakfast all you can eat buffet which again can't be complained, staff constantly filling up tea and coffee.  Finally would recommend this hotel as it is reasonably priced and very close to Russell Square tube station ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or785-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",GOOD value,It's a good hotel I have stopped here many times the room is clean and a good breakfast and only 6 pounds in a cab to most attractions the only downside this time was the incessant banging of doors all night and day so could not sleep but it's a first time this has happened.I would say the bar staff should dress smarter it was new year's eve and I think they would look more professional if they looked smart but all in all a good stay ,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or785-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Still A Great Value Over The Years,"If you want to stay in a four star and expensive (even for London) hotel skip this review. If you want a modest budget hotel with a great location read on.   The ""Tavi"" has plenty of warts: a terrible ""continental"" breakfast, an inefficient breakfast staff with a real attitude, indifference to guests and a ""crank them in crank them out"" making sausage herd mentality, a wide disparity in quality of rooms and some features made for sometime around 1956.  That said, yes there are some great features covering up the warts by design or accident. The Tavi has a great location, The Tube (Russell Square) and King's Cross near by and lots of shops and amenities in the neighborhood including the Brunswick Shopping Center. Further, the Tavi is very inexpensive compared with most any other…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or790-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very nice and quiet,"The hotel is very good located, very quiet and clean ,the staff are very kind and helpfull, breakfast was good, russell square is very close to hotel, i deffenetlly recommend!  I for sure will come back to this hotel, there is a lot of restaurantes near the hotel",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or790-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Was expecting a bit more,"Stayed for one night while at a conference in London. The hotel is well located (short walk to Euston Station), staff is friendly, breakfast is fine (not much choice for vegetarians, but fairly standard). The room was a bit of a let down. I've stayed in my share of cheap, bathroom-sized London hotel rooms, but I expected a little bit more here - not much more, just a little. The room was tiny (which was fine, as I wasn't spending much time there anyway), but very 'old' and 'tired' looking, and not exceptionally clean. Bathroom wasn't the cleanest either. I don't mind small rooms, but a little sprucing up wouldn't hurt.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or790-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mixed,"The location is good as it not far from Oxford street, Hyde park by tube, in fact Hyde park is on the direct line. Also right next to the British museum. However during my stay there were several issues.. the wifi was awful and was not working- for days! and they kept telling me that it is being fixed but no one knew what is going on.. Also the breakfast isnt good - what they say is continental is just cereal... and if you want English hot breakfast you would beed to pay 5 extra pounds. But the prices of this hotel are good compared to London, so that does help somewhat",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or790-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",very pleasant stay great breakfast and staff,stayed for 2 nights. booked 2 single rooms but were given 2 twin rooms which was great. was also upgraded from continental breakfast to full english on arrival which was great! rooms were very clean and well organised although a plug by the bed for an alarm clock or phone etc would be a bonus. very close to all bus and tube networks and also 5 mins from euston. only problem was the room was a bit warm (figured out how to turn the heater off so it was fine) was on the second floor so could hear the tube trains underneath the hotel in the morning. will reccomend to others but for a higher floor and will be back next time we are travelling to london. Merry Christmas to all the staff!,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or790-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Pleasant stay, would recommend and stay again","I have stayed here on numerous occasions. I asked for a room overlooking the front of the hotel and that is what I got (overlooking gardens). Included within the 2 night stay was a 3 course meal which I could have taken at a number of restaurants/pubs and had to be taken on the 1st night of stay. Breakfast was good selection, I always got up early for it because at busy times I could imagine it would get hectic. Staff very pleasant esp the breakfast staff. I still think the bedroom rate is alittle too high however I would stay again and recommend",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or795-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"Tavistock is an older hotel , it is clean and well kept. Euston and Russell Square tube stations are within walking distance. Easy  access With the underground from Heatrow to Russel Square, and a two minute walk to the hotell. Small but ok rooms,a lot of noice from the street.  Breakfast is very simpel.the bar is cozy. Hotell staff is nice and very helpful",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or795-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fab Budget Hotel,"Always stay here when we visit London for a weekend. Rooms are clean and comfortable, staff are friendly and knowledgeable, breakfast is buffet style and plenty of it. Great location for the west end, shopping, and sightseeing. Short walk to Euston and Russell Square stations. Has car parking too.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or795-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great london stay,"Just got back yesterday from this hotel, stayed here every year for the last five years with my husband on our london break, clean, comfortable, bath and shower, stayed in room 223 facing the gardens, nice big room, breakfast plentiful and tasty, sets you up for the day, what more could you ask for, great price for the night, would recommend this hotel highly and we wouldnt stay anywhere else.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or795-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good at what they do,"This was my first visit to this hotel.  I have stayed serveral times at one of the sister hotels. I was delighted to find that my room was equiped with lovely blankets instead of a duvet!  This alone is a great reason for me to return. I was grateful to have been upgraded from a single to a twin-bedded room.  The room was compact and they have done the best they can in that constraint. Everything in the room worked and looked to be well maintained, however, still having an old fashioned big box of a TV occupying one third of the desk space is an example that modernisation is overdue. The breakfast buffet contains quite a reasonable selection of items. This hotel is good value for money.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or795-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"Although the Tavistock is an older hotel , it is clean and well kept.  Euston and Russell Square tube stations are within walking distance. There are a couple of shops around the corner where we bought snacks and wine. Our room was an inside one so it was very quiet. We were given only two towels but when we asked we were given two more.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or800-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great base for the sights of London,"Comfortable hotel, good breakfast. Very friendly and helpful staff.Nothing posh but nice and clean. Good value for price paid. Handy enough for buses, tube and close to theatre land. With stay again as really enjoyed out 2 night stay.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or800-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,This is always a busy hotel with a mix of holiday and business guests; I must say that the Staff work very hard and are always cheerful and helpful. My bedroom was comfortable with both a bath & a shower. I also had a great view over the Tavistock Square Gardens.  The breakfast is plentiful but unexceptional. Overall the hotel is good value for money.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or800-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic Value and Stay,"Stayed here with a group of friends for one night on a visit to Parliament on the recommendation of a regular visitor. I cant' think of any other Central London hotel that offers such value for money. We all booked single rooms at £83 a night directly from the Hotel, most ended up in twin rooms which were clean modern and for central London relatively quiet.By booking direct we got the best price and all of us enjoyed the full English breakfast included One person stayed two nights and was given a restaurant voucher for an evening meal in one of several sister hotels in the area. All the staff were attentive and friendly. I was a bit worried after reading some of the reports on here and had to check that we stayed at the same hotel. This is the first ever report I have written…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or800-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",london visit,we stayed in room 817 for 2 nights 27/28 November view of post office tower to the left  rather small room appeared to have been recently decorated  very helpful housekeeping Albanian lady we stayed b and b which was fine very well organised  good location easy access to central London we consider this hotel good value would return,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or800-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",1930's style hotel,"My wife and I had a very pleasant room on 3rd floor at the front of the hotel overlooking Taverstock square gardens. The hotel staff were pleasant and helpful with advice and directions. We ate out so only had breakfast there and this was very good, again with helpful staff in attendance. We have stayed here before when visiting London, and will no doubt come again.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or805-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Has potential BUT.......(Rm331),"This review relates to room 331 others may be better. I asked for a quiet room and they guy on the desk looked a bit shifty but assured me our allocated room would be fine. Even my 20 year old son noticed it ! However it was Sat night and 3 floors below us was a disco. The music was fairly muffled but still annoying and between 2and 3AM there was a riot, fights police etc and despite double glazing everything was audible, even shouted conversation.This combined with the hardest mattress that seemed determined to throw us out of our single beds and it wasn't a good night. Other than that and fairly horrible coffee I would say this was an acceptable budget hotel. If you don't mind a poor night at the weekend go for it, but if you have an important business meeting the next day…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or805-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location ,"Good location, room was quite small but was clean and served our purpose. Room was quite warm but given the time of year this is not a complaint. Staff were polite. Euston station is only five minutes from the hotel with Covent Garden close by. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or805-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",3 nights in Bloomsbury,"I've stayed in Bloomsbury 3 times in past years. A friend that visits University of London frequently suggested I try the Imperial chain (I think 4 hotels in the Russell Square area). The Tavistock was far superior to the usually B&B's I've stayed at in the past. Great value, nice room, free dinner if 3 nights were booked, nice breakfast, and a decent bar within the hotel.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or805-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Friendly and welcoming,"Warm. friendly and welcoming with happy staff, clean rooms, good value for money.Have stayed here before and hope to return. This is a good base for all that London has to offer. Rooms overlooking the park have a lovely view.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or805-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Freezing!,A colleague & I stayed overnight for a conference. Our room was at the end of the 8th floor and room was quite large and mostly clean (dated but that was ok). However the wind was unbearable... The windows are very poorly sealed and as a result there was a draft that came in all night. It was so cold that neither of us could sleep and the heating didn't work / wasn't on. Definitely wrap up warm if you're planning on staying here & not in winter! The breakfast was cheap and cheerful and ok to set you up for the day. Very budget hotel but paid £109 a night is quite dear- a bit of heating would have been welcome. Probably wouldn't stay again as other hotels in the same area more modern & around the same price. ,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or810-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not a Place for a Romantic Get-away ,"The lobby is nice and that's where it ends. You board a small, over crowded lift to your floor that has outdated and well worn carpet in the hallways. I should have known then that things would go downhill. When we opened the door to our room, we found two single beds, although we had booked a double. They were too soft! The bathroom was the only positive as it was cleanly, but the was cloth size towels they give are a joke. I say spend the extra money and go somewhere nicer!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or810-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value,"Have stayed here numerous times. Good value, basic, clean, no frills tourist hotel.  Comfortable beds, good breakfast.  Good neighbourhood.   Nearby shops, restaurants, tube stations. Within walking distance to British Museum.  Hotel staff could be a little more friendly/helpful. No real issues.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or810-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Hot, hot, hot even in November!","I have been in this hotel a couple of times for business trips. Clean and well located hotel, if not a bit outdated. Overall staff is very friendly, but sometimes it depends on how busy they are at the reception.  At my final visit the welcome was not very warm. The rooms are clean and basic. Frontside is a bit noisy, in particular since you have to sleep with your windows open, as it is utterly hot in many of the rooms. Central heating works on overdrive, apparently. My heater was turned off, but I guess that the heath comes from the piping and adjacent rooms. This is not pleasant, ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or810-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The Staff Made It For Us!,"As budget hotels go, this is a very good one. The downstairs is done out in art deco style, which continues in the rooms to some extent. It is well situated for central London, just North of Russell Square.   We greatly enjoyed staying here and will go again. Staff were genuinely welcoming and anxious to please, which they did. We felt both comfortable and welcome but gave the wine bar a miss because it looked more like a classroom than a wine bar, with atmosphere to match. That said, it could be nice in the summer when the terrace would be in use. The 'ordinary' bar is more pleasant.  The breakfast buffet was a little overcooked and dry. If they put less stuff out more often this might help keep the heated food fresher. This was however more than compensated for by a most…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or810-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","3.5/5 - Cheap, central and good breakfasts.","Stayed here a number of times.  Its central to London so it's easy to walk to all the main attractions from here.  The costs is low considering its location, but you do get what you pay for. It's slightly dated, and rooms are small and dark.  There is a restaurant which is attached which is small and food isnt great, but the breakfasts in the hotel are really good. In london, you have such a choice of great restaurants I wouldnt want to be eating in a hotel anyway in the evening.  If you want to iron any clothes you'll need to go to second floor laundry room and do it there. They dont bring irons/ironing boards to the room. so bear that in mind!  I like to go for morning jogs when I'm away, I'd recommend heading towards Regents park in the morning. its beautiful and also nice to…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or815-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic hotel in great location,"We stayed here for eight days in November, 2015. Location is very nice and convenient to Russell Square Station underground (Piccadilly line straight from Heathrow) or Euston station, and bus. Nice park right outside hotel and others nearby.  Pubs, restaurants, food stores close by. Easy walk to British Museum, British Library. Also in University area. Bathroom had some mildew in upper corners is biggest concern. Beds comfortable, but moved too easily on their rollers. Noise from street below ( bowling alley and bar) at night could be annoying because we wanted to leave windows open. We were on fourth floor. Warm room, even in November. Wireless in room worked great. No clock radio, Kleenex, toiletries, like we are used to, but it is a budget price so very workable. Kettle and…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or815-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice Hotel.,"Nice centrally located hotel which is around 15 min walk from Euston station. Check-in was easy and quick by a trainee. We had a family room which was very large and clean. Could have done with a picture or two on the walls. We came back late and had a drink in the bar. Prices where very good. Breakfast was great. Well organised and not rushed. A wide selection of hot and cold foods and drinks. Got a bit annoyed being asked if we wanted tea or coffee half a dozen times by different staff. The full english was perfectly cooked. Hash brown,eggs,bacon,sausages and buffet style. Thanks Tavistock. See you again.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or815-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Nice art deco hotel, but definitely the poor relation in the group","Hae stayed in this group of hotels many times, and been here at least once before. But this time - the breakfast could have been warmer, the room was a bit small for MUm and I, the bathroom couldn't take a cat. But it was the beds which were horrendous. Every move was creaked; they rolled without any problem (though being on new carpet may contribute) but the adhesion between sheet and blanket was non-existent to the extent that every time I rolled over not only did the sheet ruck up but the blanket slid off. Gave up in the end and slept cocooned in the sheet.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or815-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavi what,"Stayed at the Tavistock Hotel, the hotel is clean but a little tired. The beds ok rooms average. What is really annoying, from the rooms overlooking the rear of the hotel you are rudley awakened by the extractors from the kitchen. The noise  droned on for hours even with the windows closed it could still be heard. Worse than a hangover, breakfast ok. ask for a room on the top floor not 338 ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or815-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic Budget,"Booked into the hotel for two nights with my son for his birthday,Our room was very clean,but basic.When we booked we had the option of booking a quite room,which we opted for.Unfortunately the room was far from quite,as it was above the bar.It was so noisey we asked for a different room.We moved rooms only to find that the door wouldnt shut so we were moved again.All of this at 1am in the morning.Breakfast was on a big scale everything cooked already including cold toast.There was also a continental option which wasnt very appetizing either.We decided to go elsewhere for breakfast.The staff were pleasant enough,but i would say the hotel needs upgrading as the decor is very old and tired looking.On the whole the stay was ok,but i wouldnt stay again.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or820-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Location,Myself and daughter stayed here for one night during the school holidays last month.  Very easy to walk to from Kings Cross station and back up to Euston tube so we could catch this to the Apollo theatre to see Wicked.  The room was clean and comfy with hot drink facilities and the local Tesco at Russell Square provided wine for the room.  Breakfast wasn't bad either the next morning.  It also only cost 50p per bag to leave for the day so was a bargain instead of leaving them at the train station to collect later.  Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or820-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",overnight stay,"Great location or an overnight stay, easy to walk to main attractions. Staff extremely polite and helpful, great breakfast. Small but comfortable and clean room. Only downside our room faced onto a busy road and it was rather noisy during the night.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or820-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good rooms with very helpful staff,"The Tavistock is a great location, being in the Russell Square area, my room had a lovely view of Tavistock Square.  The room would have been a little too warm , but the windows could be opened so I was fine.  Plenty of wardrobe space and a comfortable chair to sit in while I was reading.   A nice big TV to watch Casualty on!  The only thing I would say needs a  change is the shower as the water is quite cold and didn't seem to get any warmer, but was okay for a quick dip. But it was walk-in, and I felt safe with it (I have balance issues) which helped.  The next day the staff let me sit in the lounge for a while so I wasn't hanging around my next hotel too long before check-in.    They also organised a taxi for me.  All the staff were nice but Karl needs a special mention.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or820-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value ,"Good value hotel in a good location . Staff were friendly and helpful , free wifi worked well and rooms were basic but clean . The buffet breakfast has a good selection and is just what you need to set you up for the day . The only negative was small scratchy towels .",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or820-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great value, great location","I found the hotel to be comfortable, clean, and well equipped with the basics. The bed is comfortable, there's a small desk in the room, tea/coffee set up, a very strong shower in the bathroom, just bars of soap (nothing else), decent towels, and it's also quite clean. You can't beat the location. The Russell Square station is less than 5 minutes away and connects directly with the airport. The British Museum is a 10 minute walk away. The only minor drawback is the breakfast. The eggs are decent, but everything else is unhealthy, processed food: soggy white toast, canned beans re-heated, NO fresh fruit, really poor quality oatmeal, and the usual awful English sausage and bacon. But I would stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or825-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Just know what to expect,"Tavistock is as basic as it comes, but without any big cons. they give exactly what they say- top location with fare rates. pros: - tea/coffee in room - free wifi,working good - if you leave the ""dont disturb"" sign during cleaning, they'll leave you a bag with fresh towels etc on the door step - very good shower stream and temp  cons: - incl. breakfast is just a toast and cereals. extra 5gbp for a buffet with 6-8 warm options - only bar soap (no liquid) - room is clean, and maintenance team are doing a good job, but it feels old and outdated, thus unclean",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or825-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Adequate but hearty breakfast,"I have stayed here several times, good place to sleep, the rooms are adequate, everything works, and the breakfast is well provisioned.  Being located walking distance from Euston makes it conveniently located. The Tavistock Hotel is quite old but despite this is moderately well maintained and the cleaners do a good job to keeping the rooms and corridors clean.  Rooms are basic, bed comfortable and the bathroom functions effectively.  Breakfast is good with plenty of food. Check in has always been seamless and the only drawback is its popularity with tourists so its always busy.  Hence waiting for the lifts can take a while especially to go down to breakfast so worth checking out the stairs.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or825-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Better than last time,"Have stayed here several times, it had gone down a bit but this time much better. Stayed in a single 808, top floor, facing the square. Very recently refurbished, nice bathroom, good shower, hairdryer, trouser press (do people actually use these?) flat screen TV. Softer towels!!  But, very noisy floor boards in the room and corridor. I've stayed in several different rooms, interior and exterior. The exterior rooms are just too noisy for me with the street noise which goes on all night with traffic, ambulances etc.. Breakfast was the same as usual, I think good for the overall price. The top floor was not as hot as other floors which can be unbearably hot. Apparently there is wifi in rooms now, I didn't try it but noticed the lobby is much less busy than previous visits with…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or825-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointingly average,"Sometimes reading reviews gives me the impression that some people are way too picky, but most of the reviews were pretty accurate. The hotel is vintage and tired and I try to see positives were I go but the Tavistock did not inspire me.  Rooms average, atmosphere average and 1930's zing average. Sorry. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or825-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very Average,"We've stayed here a few times in the past but not sure we will again. On the plus side are the nice sized rooms, a good breakfast and, of course the location. Also, if your into baths, the bathrooms have wonderful old deep tubs. The biggest negative is the poor WIFI. On six of the 10 days we were there, the WiFi in the hotel was down. When it did work it was slow. The hotel says it operates only in the lobby but we were in a front room overlooking the square and were able to pick it up there. (On other visits we were in back rooms and unable to get it,)  The other big issue is noise. It's not the usual street noise everywhere in London but there is a hospital nearby and ambulance sirens ran 3 or 4 times each night. We were there in October and the rooms were still too warm to…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or830-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely hotel ,"Stayed for 2 nights, rooms nice and clean and comfy beds. Breakfast is help yourself basis and has a good selection. Our daughter has stayed twice and this was our first visit. We are returning for New Year. The hotel is close to Russell Square tube station or its a nice walk into Trafalgar Square. Would definitely recommend staying here.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or830-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, acceptable accommodation, friendly staff.","Location - Five minute walk from Euston, St Pancras and King's Cross. Off the main busy roads and overlooking Tavistock Square. Can't be faulted.   Rooms - I've stayed here a few times on business and have had a variety of rooms. The higher floors (7 and 8 that I know of) have been refurbished and are a little nicer. But all of them are similar really. The floor layouts are the similar and I think rooms on the West side (numbers in their 30s) seem quieter in respect to road noise.  In October the room heating was off, I had the windows open and the room was perfectly warm. Might be stuffy in the Summer as there is no A/C, but that is a problem with may London hotels.   Amenities in the room: -8th floor room had a trouser press! -All rooms had an electric kettle and some…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or830-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Location and Value for Money,"We always stay at this hotel when we go to London.  What keeps us coming back is that the hotel offers cheap (for London!) and cheerful accommodation in a great location.  We stayed here last weekend and had another great stay.    The rooms are basic but clean, with a small hairdryer and tea and coffee making facilities provided.  Toiletries (except bars of soap) are not provided so bring your own.  There is a vending machine in the lobby selling travel size toiletries if you are really stuck.    If your room is on the first floor then you might hear some noise from the bowling alley under the hotel.  Also, if your room is near the stairs leading down to the bar / breakfast room then the noise from the bar might drift up in the evenings.  I'd recommend asking for a room on a…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or830-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Fab art deco hotel in a great, central location!","We stay here ever time we visit London, Central location is perfect for getting out and about in the city, 5-10 mins walk to Russel square station and only 10-15 mins walk to London Kings Cross. The rooms are modern and very clean and the staff were very friendly, particularly the porters Gavin and Mark on Sunday morning who were very happy to help! :) will continue to stay here in the future. Highly recommended! ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or830-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good London Base,"I was in a refurbished room on the seventh floor, basic but comfortable. A twin room, with tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer. Only toiletries were three small wrapped bars of soap. Can leave luggage in store for 50p per item on departure day. Carpet could have done with a more thorough vacuum and an extra towel would have been appreciated.  Best part: the staff. Welcoming, efficient and attentive.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or835-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Value,I walked into the entrance of the Tavistock Hotel with minimal anticipation and zero research on the property.   I had already spent the morning in and out of different places of accommodation with little success.  The lobby at the Tavistock Hotel had good vibrations.  I felt very reassured.  I was pleasantly uplifted and greeted with classical music including Pavarotti singing one of his arias.  The lobby teemed with well-dressed tourists in my age group.  The guests hailed from overseas as well as other parts of England.  Many guests were repeat customers.  I met an anesthesiologist and his wife who always stay there every time he attends his conferences.  He said that he tried elsewhere too but they always ended up at the Tavistock!  This hotel brought me back to the 1950s…,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or835-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location. Rude staff.,"After reading a lot of negative comments about the hotel, I was prepared for the worst. To give the devil its due, the hotel is conveniently located. The Piccadilly  line from Heathrow gets you to the Russell Square station at one go and that's a great plus point.  Also, all major city attractions were either walking distance or at most a few metro station away. Several educational institutions like the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, London school of Economics, School of African and Oriental Studies, KIngs College and the UCL were all walking distance away, making it a good location for travellers on academic tours.   I will not crib that the breakfast is the same everyday or that the rooms are very basic. After all, this is London.   However, I was put off by…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or835-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Cheap, not so cheerful, dated, room 134 is exceptionally noisy","Stayed with friend, reasonable rate BUT if you do stay and get put anywhere near room 134 be warned this is 1st floor and directly above what we assume is either a nightclub or the Tavistock bowling.  The noise was insane, unfortunately it would appear something bad happened last night as upon waking up (after a couple of hours of poor quality sleep) the road was cordoned off by police.  Low price paid but in fairness would have preferred to have been told about location of room and given the option to either pay more or stay elsewhere.  Would give it another go but would be asking to stay at least 4th floor",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or835-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location Art Deco Hotel,"Situated in the heart of Bloomsbury and just a stone's throw from London Euston and Russell Square, the Tavistock Hotel is in an ideal location to discover London on foot or on using public transport. It is also within walking distance of Tottenham Court Road, the Dominion Theatre, The British Museum and UCL. The rooms are not large; not plush and the shower set the smoke detector off but they were clean and comfortable and prices reasonable.  The buffet breakfast was good also. The art deco style can be see in the public areas such as the bar which gives it a bit more character than a chain hotel. I would recommend this for the location.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or835-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Decent hotel,"Have stayed here before and would stay again. Room was fine, bed was comfortable, breakfast was good. Reception, catering and cleaning staff were all really nice and helpful.  Only downside was Blooms cafe! Advertised as open until 11pm however no hot food after 9pm!!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or840-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location but quite awful hotel,"I stayed at this hotel for one night and my experience was not great: The whole hotel interior has a very old/dated look and feel, Wi-Fi never worked, no hot water in the bathroom sink, corridors were stuffy and smelly, room was noisy and I couldn't sleep for ages as people were talking in other rooms/outside in the corridor, the walls were thin so I could everything! someone was having a shower in the room above mine and I could hear the water!! Bed was not great either, rather bouncy and flimsy! Bedding (the blanket and bedspread) had a rather dated look and the hotel could be do with replacements.   Plus points: Location is pretty central, easy to find (right near Russell Square station and within walking distance of Kings Cross and Euston), breakfast was reasonable I guess. …",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or840-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average hotel - good location,"The location is about 5-10 minute walk from Euston station, not far from Russell Square though.  The bedrooms are simple, and basic. I had a twin room. There was a wardrobe with 4 hangers - not that I needed any hangers but there was only space for one case on the side. The TV was an old fashioned box style tv so was quite poor quality but I didn't really need a tv. The toilet and bath/show and basin were separate although they were together in the other room our friends stayed in. The shower was AMAZING - so powerful, the best of any hotel I've stayed in. There was only a bar of soap provided though, no toiletries. The bed was alright - not the biggest single but it would do. The room was boiling hot! We wanted to sleep with the windows wide open but it was so noisy outside -…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or840-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average Standard Hotel,"Had an overnight stay in October. Arrived early but room was available so checked in.Reception staff efficient.  Room is of reasonable size. Twin beds, Small built in wardrobe, drawer storage/dresser, small tv, chair.Tea/coffee facilities.The decor in the room was good.En suite decent with mixer shower over bath..temperature and flow controlled by adjusting the bath taps. No toiletries apart from small bars of soap. The towels supplied were two bath towels (no hand towels) but the quality of the towels is poor...thin and like cardboard.The room did get warm even without the radiator being on.  Breakfast was of a good standard in general(english and continental). However although described as a continental there were no cold meats,no cheeses, no pastries, no variety of breads.…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or840-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for...,At £80 per night you get Abbasid room and an adequate breakfast. I was originally put in room 807 which was clean but very smelly and was moved after two nights to a similarly clean room without the smell .....room 822. The Tavistock is well located in a very nice area close to Russell Square tube station and on the Piccadilly line making it an easy direct ride to and from Heathrow. I will stay again some time due to location.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or840-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Reasonable value but room way too warm,","We stayed in mid-October in an 8th floor room (top). The room was much too warm despite no heating being on, I suspect excessive solar gain through the roof. I could not imagine staying here in warmer weather with no air-conditioning, however lower floors may be cooler. Location was pretty noisy, but nothing unusual there for London. Good location for UCL, and also for trains and Oxford St. etc.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or845-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A GOOD VALUE LONDON HOTEL,"This hotel is conveniently placed, within walking distance of several railway stations and the West  End.  This is my third visit, and since my last time here, a year ago, the rooms have been redecorated. Just as well, as it was beginning to look a bit tired. Rooms are compact, but all en suite. The breakfast buffet is pretty good, with all you would expect for a full English breakfast. Staff are all most helpful, and it is apparent that they stay there for some time, as I recognised several from my previous visits. It is good value and provides an excellent base for business or pleasure in Central London.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or845-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel in Bloomsbury,"Big and impersonal. Breakfast is good but very difficult to get a second cup of coffee. Rooms are simple and clean. In the heart of the Bloomsbury neighborhood, which in my opinion is the best neighborhood to base a tourist stay in London. Room on west side can be very hot on sunny days. Could not open the window because of the very loud party at the bowling alley - until 3AM! Quietest rooms are located in the interior service well area - white noise from the fans.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or845-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ok but not top of the list,"Stayed at the hotel on a business trip.  Stay was ok, rooms was fairly basic, lots of street noise, no wireless, problems with internal systems making charge back to room a problem.  Not One I would choose for the future, but ok for one night business stay. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or845-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A really good place to stay,Stayed here for a couple of nights. Reasonably priced for a good quality hotel in London. Staff are decent and friendly. Food was good and the hotel is in a good location and within easy access of all forms of transport. I enjoyed my stay here.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or845-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",VERY BASIC,We had 2 single bed more like cot size. Mattress was in very poor shape. We could get internet in our room where I guess some cant. Breakfast was cereal or toast for continental and buffet for 5pounds more.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or850-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel shame about the noise,"The Tavistock hotel Russell Square London was a nice clean hotel ,the staff were loverly and the rooms were very small and basic.no toiletries provided which you would expect from a hotel chain of this size and only 2 sachets of coffee in rooms per day,the bed was like sleeping on concrete and the bottom sheet was not big enough to tuck in so every time you moved the sheet moved and was very uncomfortable.our room looked out on to a court yard as did many others ,the court yard had all the air conditioning vents and the vents from the kitchen ect the droning noise was horrendous all day and all night could not have the windows open, about 5.30 in the morning when they all kicked in the noise was unbearable, it was like trying to sleep on the runway at Gatwick with the engine…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or850-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Much improved,"Always liked it here in this budget hotel close to key facilities.However, it has improved vastly both in the rooms and the breakfasts. It is like stepping into a great 1930's environment but within a fantastic 2015 setting.The staff are unchanged - really good and attentive in all departments",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or850-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","This hotel has no running water--I mean, no internet","This is the year 2015, not 1995, and not 1915. Imagine being told when you check into a hotel that they do not provide running water. That's what it's like in 2015 being told that the hotel has no internet-- not just, a slow connection, as is the case with many hotels, not just an old hard wired connection, but none, nada, none at all. In the lobby they have a bad, slow wireless service that is jammed by all the guests sitting and standing around the lobby trying desperately to get service. It's unusable at most times of the day. And, in most places of the hotel your phone won't get any data service. So if you ever use the internet, i.e. if you live in the year 2015, don't go to this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or850-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One of the terrible hotels at imperial London,"Due to the fact there was a gap between our lease with my landlord, had had to stay at their hotel for a couple of days.   This hotel is absolutely horrible: No wifi available during my two night stays and there is a sign hanging on the concierge desk indicating wifi down. Why don't they ask someone to repair it? Too costly?   The room is even worse, there's blood stain on the duvet cover and fitted sheet. Wonder if they have ever replaced them !!!!!!!  The positive aspect is services are good, though. All in all, it is a waste of money staying at such unpleasant hotel chain.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or850-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Warning this hotel is terrible,"I can´t think of anything good or nice to say about this hotel. It is just terrible in every aspect, from the standard of the rooms to the breakfast and staff. Terrible breakfast if you don´t pay extra for the english breakfast, which didn´t look to good either. The rooms are very worn out and in desperate need of renovation. Have just one advise if you thinking of  booking this hotel. Go somewhere else, it can´t get worse.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or855-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nothing wrong here,"We stayed here for the NFL game at Wembley. It was one of the cheaper options in town, but the room was good, staff great, location perfect, breakfast OK. Reception area even are it feel like a much more expensive hotel. 50p to store your bags for the day instead of the £10 at Euston Station was a bonus too. Will be staying here again.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or855-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",convenient location,"Good location not far from Russell Square or Euston Square Stations, friendly and helpful reception and portering staff, clean hotel and room. Our room was pretty small but ok for 2 to 3 nights. No hairdryer, only enough tea/coffee for one brew each per day (suppose I could have asked for more. Toiletries were no more than a couple of packets of 'soap', wc flush didn't work well- remedied by removing the lid and pressing down on the appropriate bit of the inner workings, towels were threadbare or just poor quality (like at our public baths in the early 1950's), only 4 coat hangers. Breakfast pretty basic, one wonders what foreigners think all the fuss is about a full English if this is their first experience. We sat at a smallish table which due to not being cleared as we…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or855-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice large hotel excellent location,"I was recommended this hotel by a friend and it turned out to be a nice one .. decently large room with en suite bathroom . I was surprised to find coffee/tea maker as well as hair dryer in the room. For us it was excellent location in central London , walking distance to LSE and UCL , markets and mall around the corner and train and tube stations few minutes of walk.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or855-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location.... so is the adjacent park,"Room OK, quiet enough for my 3 night stay.Suppose it's typical of a central London hotel. you stay somewhere because you have to. Don't know what they use for tea in the breakfast beverage! Poor poor breakfast, forsook it on the final morning and enjoyed far better fare in an adjacent cafe.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or855-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Quality At Reasonable Price,"This was my second stay at the Tavistock Hotel. It is no 5 star hotel, but you get good quality at a reasonable price in the heart of London. The staff is friendly, Tube stations and shopping facilities are in close walking distance. It is my favourite accomodation for a business trip to London.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or860-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel...but,"Checked in at 22.30 as had day sightseeing, went to room 2nd floor to hear very loud music, then banging on the wall and door knocking (about the music) from the person in adjoining room, we told him we had just arrived and the music was downstairs. I rang reception to ask to be moved but was told there were no empty rooms and they would get the music turned down, but that didn't happen. We had an adjoining door into next room and could hear every word from the angry man. We had no choice but to put up with it, but then noticing a lot of long grey hair on carpet next to the bed (this showed clearly the room had not been vacuumed)  we were not happy people, so went to reception to complain about the whole scenario and like magic they were able to give us another room, 5th floor…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or860-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Vastly improved, and excellent value for money.","We have been staying at the Tavistock on our visits to London for many years now.   It has always been a favourite of ours, with its Art Deco design.    It waS starting to look a little tired, but has been sympathetically smartened up.   The staff, without exception, were friendly and efficient.   We got a good deal - 2 nights bed and breakfast plus one  evening meal cost £218 for two people.   Our room looked out over Tavistock Square, which was lovely .   No complaints at all - better than a ""posh"" hotel IMO.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or860-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Adequate but only just,Cheap central London hotel with adequate facilities and OK rooms. One night is all we needed and probably could have coped with in any event. Our room was next to the lift and over the entertainment venue that went on into the early hours. A hard bed and no pillow choice provided little comfort. You know what you're getting now so you can't say you didn't know,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or860-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Horrible ,The only thing which is acceptable in this hotel is its good location.  Otherwise I wouldn't recommend it nobody  You might have a room watching to the yard. Horrible view and continuous noise of air conditioning or some other motor. You have to leave the window open though since you don't have ventilation in the room.  Bedsheets were dirty. Bathroom full with mold.  Breakfast who's poor it reminds me of ancient time in Eastern Europe.  A gr Noooo  .,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or860-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location!,"This hotel is great for younger travellers on a budget. It is in a superb location!! a lot of people stay here before starting/finishing a contiki. not the most modern hotel but everything is still in good quality. staff are very friendly, you can organise day tours at the front desk too. Wifi only available in lobby!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or865-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Poor customer service,"We enquired with the concierge staff regarding the airport shuttle to Gatwick. A very short reply was provided that we should fill the form and return it back to them. Subsequently we returned the form to the two concierge staff. When we approached the desk, they didn’t acknowledge our presence and I left the form on the desk getting just an ‘ok sign’ gesture.  Having not been given a receipt or even a time when the shuttle would pick us up, we enquired again the next day. We asked regarding our booking and were told by a different staff member that no booking had been made. He was very polite and immediately called the CityTransfers Company to book us the shuttle for the next day. At that moment the two staff from the previous day had just entered to start their shift. I went…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or865-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",TOO hot!! ,"Recently stayed 3 nights at the Tavistock and I would not return. If you're reading this review, look up the 'president' hotel nearby instead.  The room was very dated and in desperate need of a good painter/decorator. The bedding was awful, marks & holes everywhere. It was very noisy and the hotel inc the room and was soooo hot, I didn't have a comfortable night sleep.  The breakfast was good, no complaints there.. And the restaurant Jaques was decent, the staff in there were lovely.. Apart from one bald fella who wouldn't give us a bowl of chips because it wasn't on the menu.   During our check out, the lady snatched the room cards from my hand and didn't even ask how our stay was, it was quite rude, but then again, I'd be quite grumpy if I was working in that temperature in a…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or865-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Value for Money,"Staff are very friendly and quick to help. Location is central and close to any amenities (including a 24/7 shop right round the corner with food, drinks, clothes and even souvenirs). The continental breakfast is lacking as it just provides cereal and toast, so for people who prefer to eat big breakfasts I would suggest paying the extra for the English Breakfast, or walk 10 minutes and buy an English breakfast for £3.  We had a room on the second floor, overlooking the Square. I was informed that it could get noisy because of the traffic, but in reality, once you close the windows you can't hear a thing anyway. The view was pretty nice.   However, there was no wifi in the rooms, and when we somehow managed to get wifi it would be very slow or wouldn't work. Hopefully this gets…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or865-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Brilliant Hotel!,"We stayed here for 1 night on sat 19th Sept. It has been a lovely stay, the guy on reception who first checked us in was very friendly and funny and he managed to get our party rooms close together all on the same floor which was a bonus. We even got a complimentary bottle of bubbly in our room due to it being a birthday celebration. What a nice gesture! The rooms were nice clean and spacious with tea and coffee making facilities, how can you complain?. The breakfast was very good and such a good variety to choose from, well worth the money. The location is great too, not a far walk from Covent Garden and there were always plenty of taxis outside waiting to take you anywhere you wanted to go.  All in all a great stay, thank you!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or865-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Visit every year!,"My Mum and I visit London every August bank holiday for a girly weekend away and we always stay here. Can't fault it at all. Great price, really clean, great location. Can't speak for the breakfast as we always go out. Will continue to stay here every year",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or870-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel,"This hotel was booked for me and a colleague travelling down overnight from Yorkshire by our American friend who stays here every time he is in London. The check in was easy, the rooms basic but very clean and had a wonderful view over the park (this was requested) the hotel manager is from Doncaster so that makes it even more welcoming! Great breakfast, quiet rooms fabulous location, I will definitely be coming again. Thanks Tony (Manager) ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or870-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good base for a short break,"Stayed here on a 4 day break in June 2015.  We had a front facing room which looked out on to Tavistock Square, which was nice.  You do get a bit of noise from the traffic on the adjacent roads, but nothing that kept us awake at night.   For those who complained about the noise - if you want peace and quiet go to the countryside!  We had a double room which was quite small, but it suited out needs, as we were just looking for a base to allow us to explore the city.  The location is excellent.  Close to Euston Station and the tube network.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or870-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,"Quite a noisy hotel but it is clean and the staff are polite.  Great location and convenient for many places.  Surrounding area is lovely. Breakfast is great value, quite a good selection. I quite like the Art Deco shabby chic feel to it.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or870-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic place to stay! Beautiful full English. ,I think everyone who has gave the hotel a bad score are hard to please. If you're going to London on a shopping trip or just to look around the iconic places then this hotel is fantastic.   The rooms were beautiful and so so clean. The beds were super comfortable and yes it's small but why would you need a huge room unless you wanted to practice cartwheeling.   The English breakfast which we got for free was absolutely superb and worth paying for if you don't get it included.   I don't understand anyone on here who has a bad thing to say about the staff they were so helpful and even kept coming around filling up our tea cups.   Granted our free meal at the hotel was nothing special (soup was lovely though) but it was free and filled us up before our show.   The Art Deco decor…,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or870-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad,"Stayed for one night with my partner. Good price, location great, reception area was lovely, very art deco. Our room was very small but clean and ok just as a base to explore London. Breakfast next morning was fine.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or875-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, cozy room, not the friendliest customer service staff, unfortunately","I visited London with my two kids for five days in the summer of 2015, a wonderful week! The location of the Tavistock hotel is absolutely awesome! It has the nicest little park right across the street and is only a two minute walk from the tube. Further, there are restaurants and activities within walking distance when we didn't feel like going out in the city at night. We were fortunate to also have a room with a view of the park, which was lovely. The room itself was cozy and had everything we needed. Three single beds, which suited our needs perfectly. Not the largest room but we didn't expect (or pay for) a large room so it fit us just fine. We would have liked to have wifi in the room but were also aware of the fact that the Tavistock is working on that and that it…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or875-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Amazing value,"I went with my daughter through Superbreak to the Tavistock for a weekend break.  It's not the first time I have been there and I am always satisfied with the service I get from all the staff. This time I had to ask the staff to book a taxi to take me to the local hospital as I wasn't very well.  They were fantastic it was 11.30pm, they booked a taxi and then asked if they could help me in any way before the taxi came.  When I arrived back at the hotel at around 5.00am by taxi they were there to see if I needed anything.  As my train back home did not leave until 4.00pm that day they let me keep my room until 2.00pm as I was not well enough to leave the room and hang around for my train.  The staff really made me feel that I was not a nuisance.  You hear people say that some…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or875-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Art Deco Delight!,"We booked the ""BOGO"" offer (be our guest offer). We had a lovely meal at the Bedford hotel. You can choose from 5 of the imperial group hotel venues. The room was lovely and overlooked Tavistock square. Go and have a look at the squirrels they are so cute and tame. We bought some nuts and they come and eat out of your hand! The hotel is a short walk from Euston station. Plenty of bars and restaurants in the area. The staff are very efficient and courteous. Breakfast is very nice and plenty of choice. There are 2 bars within the the hotel, Jaques wine bar and a residents bar too. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes a comfortable room, reasonable price.  if you are booking last minute this deal is always on and works out cheaper than booking travelodge. Our bathroom…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or875-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",1980s golds trip,was first here 30 years ago and boy have they fixed the place up it looked great Prices are lower  so it is good for the budget minder. The location cant be beat. It really gives a feel london in the eighties when I spent alot of time getting vodka in the vending machines now they only have water,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or875-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"I stayed here on business for one night. From the very start service was dismal. Unfriendly concierge diverted me to check in where one person was dealing with everyone. This took ages. On checking in I had to ask when breakfast was served, where it was served, how to get wifi etc. He was useless. All I got was one word answers.  Very unfriendly.  The bathroom had other people's hair on the floor including pubic hair and no shampoo or shower gel. The hairdryer didn't work and when I asked reception how to work the TV I again got a sarcastic response as if I was meant to know there was a switch on the headboard. The bathroom is so out of date it's un true. In summary avoid like the plague. ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or880-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value - v good brekkie.,"Lovely Art Deco Entrance Foyer & Bar  and the staff were excellent - despite many drunken RL fans. Beds rather uncomfy and the room a bit noisy. But we would definitely stay again.  The location is also excellent for stations, the tube and many tourist sights.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or880-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Will never stop going back,"I go to London at least once a year. It's one of my favourite cities in the world. The first time I visited London i booked at this hotel and i enjoyed my experience so much that I booked the second time I went there. Since then, I've been several times to London and i always tell myself that i'm going to book a different hotel so i could have a different experience but I love the rooms, the location, the service and the staff so much that I keep choosing this hotel. Everything about it is nice. The staff are always very friendly...both at the reception and breakfast. The rooms are very nice, with tea/coffee making facilities and the location is very near Russell Square underground station.  The breakfast is also very good - there is continental and english. It's a very pleasant…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or880-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic,"Centrally located one in the east London on 6-7 minute walk from the British Museum. 300 meters from the subway station Russell Squaer. There are many shops for food and drinks, restaurants and bars. Our room was 520 overlooking the park, there are not air condition,fridge and hairdryer. Against £ 20 deposit received hairdryer. Continental breakfast consists only cornflakes and jam and nothing to do with breakfast on the continent.  In the bathroom no shampoo. In the basement of the hotel is nightclub from which music could be heard up to 2 am. In the room was a double locked door to the next room and heard everything. The hotel staff is friendly and accurate - wake up call, taxi. Basic and cheap hotel in London.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or880-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, decent hotel","Nothing fancy, but at a good price in a good location, it was exactly what I was looking for. One downside was no wifi in the rooms, although the lobby and bar area have plenty of seating for everyone looking for wifi access. Staff was very helpful and the room was comfortable. The free breakfast was not very good, I ended up just going out most mornings to get breakfast instead. All things considered, I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or880-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",porters who care,"great location, two options for breakfast (continental or full English - both priced differently). This hotel has a massive number of rooms. I was unlucky enough to be on the side next to the air conditioning vent which kept me awake most of the night",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or885-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Close to Russell Square,  King Cross and Euston Station","This hotel is reasonable price compare to the location and what the hotel offer you a service. Though the room is a bit small , of course this is London but it is very clean. Beside the good location, the neighborhood is great too. few minutes walk from the hotel you will find the Brunswick area with lovely cafe and shops. I could enjoy and relax  after hectic day in city centre.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or885-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",MIserable!,"sad hotel, indifferent staff, no half smile, just plain unhappy. Room...ok, with very cheap towels, thin, thin, thin....but never been good. TIny TV in the wall... Breakfast........well....basic, but very basic and cheapest quality. THe staff again....tired, demotivated, indifferent, they like to talk to each other , they like to tell you where you have to seat. NO WIFI, no in the rooms and in the lobby...well first you have to decipher the password, and then BAD quality. Finally, really 2 nights to ignore in a very forgettable place, to say the least",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or885-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",It does the job!,"The hotel is fine nothing fancy, but does the job as they say.  Reception staff always friendly and polite.  Can get a bit noisy if you are by the lift, and very hot if you are on top floor as no air conditioning.  Breakfast is fine but depending if you arrive at the wrong time you might have to queue.  The man who finds you a table does do is best to get things moving quickly.  Beds clean! Several channels on TV, several languages.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or885-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",DRAB,"A creepily out of date hotel more reminiscent of the 1930's scenes of the Overlook Hotel in 'The Shining'. We were not even allowed to check in an hour early for our 4 year old daughter to change into her flower girl wedding dress. It was not their policy to inform you if your room was ready but she could use the disabled toilet. Breakfast was in a dull dreary room  and had to ask 4 times for a cup of coffee from exceptionally slow and inattentive staff. No air conditioning in the room made it a very uncomfortable night sleep. Overpriced, charmless and all in all a total waste of money.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or885-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",overall great service,"Had a great 4 days in this hotel, rooms were good and clean, the staff were great and couldn't do enough for us, breakfast was very tasty and plenty to go round, got a free 3 course dinner in Jacques bar in the hotel on our first night because we booked 2 nights or more and it was delicious. Hotel was central to most of London's attractions with tube stations all around and main train station of euston only 10 mins walk away, going back to london next year and will definitely come back here x",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or890-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good overnight stay,Stayed again  at  the TAVISTOCK HOTEL. This time overnight before and after a trip on Eurostar. Away from the hustle of KINGS CROSS but only a short bus/tube to  KINGS CROSS/ST PANCRAS or can walk to both. Checking in is easy and you can leave luggage when you arrive before time. Luggage can also be left for the day after checking out. There was a good choice at breakfast with a full English and cereals . toast ect. The rooms were clean and tidy.  Once again I can recommend this hotel as being very good value for London and will visit whenever  I come to London in the future.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or890-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,Friendly polite staff and an excellent Breakfast.  Hotel spotlessly clean.  The room we had was very small indeed and at the back of the hotel which is very noisy; there is no air conditioning and I would insist on a room at the front if staying again.  Convenient for the British Museum and St Pancras for Eurostar. ,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or890-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"We needed a 2 night stay before we went on our tour of Europe and this place was simple, cheap and we were checked in before check in time.  So close to both Euston and Kings cross Stations and 30min walk to London Eye. Recommend getting a Hop on hop of bus ticket as a stop is just around the corner and easiest way to see all the sights.   The room is simple with enough room to store large suit cases. Breakfast is very basic such as cereal and toast unless you upgraded for i think 9pound per person, my wife is a coeliac so she brought her own cereal and used the milk they provided.  One down side would be the shower heads could be better as can't alter the direction of stream much how ever you get what you pay for and it wasn't a real problem.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or890-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value,"This is not a luxury hotel nor a new one (fixtures and fittings are worn in places), but my room was scrupulously clean and surprisingly spacious, and the bed & breakfast package is excellent value for central London. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the British Museum, British Library, supermarkets, and several tube stations, yet the area is still reasonably quiet at night. The staff were helpful and pleasant. The only disadvantages were the lack of wifi in rooms (though there is free wifi in the lobby) and the lack of air conditioning. For me, these were outweighed by the good value, cleanliness, and well-stocked breakfast.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or890-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",not for me,superdeals hotel so can't expect too much but room was shabby and cramped but clean enough.  no iron or board and the shower was rubbish.  the lobby was very dated as was the bar which seemed like a museum piece.  breakfast was good and the staff where great wouldn't stay here again,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or895-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely Central Hotel,"Stayed at the Tavistock for two nights 24th and 25th July.  The rooms are quite small and basic but very clean and a nice comfortable bed. I love the Art Deco Foyer.  The hotel is very central and just a ten minute walk from Kings Cross station.  The staff are all really friendly and helpfull, especially the housekeeping staff who returned some clothing I had left in a draw, they were send very quickly and folded beautifully.  Cannot praise them enough.  The breakfast was really nice with a great choice also ate at the wine bar which was also very good.  All in all we had a lovely stay and, especially for the price cannot fault this hotel at all. Once again thanks to the very helpfull housekeeping staff.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or895-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, great location, and yes it's dated","I have stayed a number of times now for long weekends at the Tavvy, my friends stayed nearby using up room points, otherwise they would normally stay here too.  It’s a great location, a few minutes walk to Russell Square tube which takes you into centre of town, or take the bus from Russell Square (get your Oyster card from the tube though, pay machine).  Or it’s about 20 mins walk to Oxford Street. It’s about 10 mins to British Museum.  Also, although there are eating places very close by, an exploratory 10 mins walk in any direction from the hotel provides a variety of eating places and pubs that Bloomsbury offers.    The hotel is good value, it is clean but somewhat tired and dated.  Rooms are fairly small but clean with all the basics and more, though bring your own shower…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or895-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Still reasonable value,Good plain accommodation but if you are just wanting a bed for the night and not wanting to blow a load of money on an average room in the West End this is well worth trying. Close enough to walk to Oxford Street and the West End and near enough to get to main northern rail stations. Watty,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or895-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",nights rest,"my wife and i came here on the 27th july and was greeted very friendly and and welcome fashion. my wife being partly disabled, was given all the help and curtisy they could. the porters was very helpfull and the breakfast in the morning was excellent, set us up for the whole day.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or895-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely place to stay ,"Stayed for 5 days,  it's a little tired in places but it's clean and comfortable. The staff are friendly. Breakfast is superb and plentiful. The view from the rooms on the front are fab overlooking the park. Jacques Bar is the cheapest prices around. ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or900-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,Excellent service from Front of House. Restaurant staff varied in their friendliness but the breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice. The decor was a bit tired in places but very clean. Such good value for London in a popular but not too noisy area.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or900-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,If you stay two nights you get a free evening meal.  This is taken in the adjoining bistro/wine bar and we were pleasantly surprised when it was really nice.  We ate there the second night too and a bottle of wine was reasonable.  But what a grumpy guy in charge of breakfasts!  Food was OK but he was a bit frightening!.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or900-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location..average hotel,"I recently visited London and stayed at the Tavistock hotel for 3 nights. The location of the hotel was pretty good. The tube was just a short walk from the hotel and there were several bus stops around the hotel. The area where the hotel is located was very pretty and had quite a bit to offer in terms of parks, restaurants and shopping. The hotel itself however, was not my favourite.  There was no air conditioning in the bedrooms which made them very uncomfortable during the summer time. The bathroom in the bedroom was well cleaned however the bedding had many stains on it. The wifi connection was not very good and you could only have access to wifi in the main lobby. The breakfast food was not very good, there were limited options and they served the same food everyday. The…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or900-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",My favourite,"I stayed at The Tavistock once again this June for 18 nights.  This was my sixth longish visit and once again I had a great time.  This hotel meets my needs perfectly.  I love the full English Breakfast and the wait staff are very attentive and extremely welcoming.  It is a great feeling to be treated as a very welcome guest.    My room was clean and comfortable.  The bathroom was spotless.  However, this hotel has one quirk.  The bathtub is shaped like a cattle trough - wider at the top than the bottom, and the bottom of the bathtub is 4 inches or so higher than the floor of the bathroom.  There are no handholds on the walls.  I think every room should have grab bars added to the bathtub.  I am advised by housekeeping that there are ""accessible"" bathrooms in the hotel and I…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or900-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not as expected,"We read a lot of negative reviews on this site before our stay and wasn't fully looking forward to staying here. However, We we're pleasantly surprised to find the staff helpful and friendly.  The room was large and very spacious. We did book a double room but found ourselves in a twin. This didn't bother us as it was only 1 nights stay but I'm confident that if we went to ask to swop rooms they would of been able to of sorted this out for us.   It was noisy but when staying in the centre of London I wouldn't expect it to be a quite place! We like to hear the business of the city when we stay here  Happy with our stay and yes, We would book to go again.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or905-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Hotel is convenient to busses and underground, is reasonably priced and close to British Museum. A huge hotel but has all amenities and was very clean. I stayed there for 6 days, had all my questions answered by the staff and enjoyed the time.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or905-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What a lovely hotel and staff,"We stayed here for trip to see the lion king, very easy to find and get to from kings cross station, either by taxi or on the tube to Russell Square. Lovely location looking on to the gardens. The hotel is a little dated but it is lovely and clean. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Breakfast wasgreat , varied selection and the waiting staff were very efficient.  I would definitely stay here again and recommend to others",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or905-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"This is the fourth time we have stayed at this hotel. It is very good value for money. There may be slight shortcomings in the facilities in the room, but it is very clean and comfortable. The staff are very pleasant especially the waiting staff at breakfast. It would be helpful to the staff if the management provided bigger cups at breakfast to save having to ask for so many refills. We were unable to have the complimentary meal at Jacques wine bar as they had a kitchen problem. Went to Saracens Carvery which was reasonable but staff were very disorganised.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or905-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An average hotel for a short stay in London,"The hotel was booked as part of a rail package so was booked for the convenience of arriving at St Pancras.  The check-in was efficient and the public rooms seemed to be original art -decor which is a nice touch. The bedroom was fine even if the paint work was a  little tired. As it was warm we needed the windows open so alot of noise was evident through out the night, but as we know, the big cities never sleep. The breakfast was fine for the price we paid and my wife enjoyed the nice touch of being able to have smoked haddock for a change of breakfast. It was useful being able to leave the luggage for the day, well worth 50p A convenient short break hotel for the tourist spots of London",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or905-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Place to Stay,"We have just come back from staying at the Tavistock Hotel Russell Square for 6 days. I would recommend this hotel, it is in a very good location with tube, buses and trains just a short distance away. The hotel itself is pleasant with a art deco theme. The staff were helpful and friendly. The dinning room at breakfast was quite and staff waiting on the tables were friendly and efficient. The breakfast was of a good standard and plenty of it.  We have stayed a the Royal National next door and this hotel caters for large groups of students  and guests and is very busy and noisy. Breakfast time is like a cattle market noisy and busy. The Tavistock hotel is the  total opposite quite and friendly. It cost a little more per night but its worth it because you get a lovely hotel with…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or910-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Goos budget hotel,"Good location, very convenient to Euston and Kings Cross Stations. Convenient for the British Museum.  Basic rooms but comfortable.  Bathrooms were clean.  No A/C in rooms - fans seemed to be in short supply during the heat wave.  WiFi is a problem. Only really works in lobby and frequently overloaded.  Good value breakfast but get in early otherwise you will queue for a table.  Lots of restaurants in vicinity.  Staff were pleasant and helpful.  Good basic hotel - you get what you pay for - would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or910-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Did its job, but very tired looking","Stayed just for one night, reception staff very friendly and helpful, the whole decor and paintwork, filthy windows really needs addressing.  The beds were clean and so was the bathroom even though dated.  Breakfast was much better than we were expecting.  Very handy for kings cross station, buses stop just outside the Hotel and the tube is 7 min walk away.  We were able to leave our suitcase after checking out for just 50p and collected on our way to the train, once again all the staff were very good but too be honest would prefer Premier Inn/Travel Lodge (Waterloo)",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or910-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"I have stayed at Tavistock Hotel couple of times and it has good location and all the basic things you need. Rooms are ok, some of them are renovated.   Wifi works only in the lobby and sometimes even there the connection is bad. There is two types of breakfast full and continental. If you book through their own webpages you get the full english and if through some other only the continental (it is very basic), you can of course buy at the hotel the full breakfast. That is quite a hassle when they guide the customers to take what they are allowed... Also if you book through their webpage and stay for two consecutive nights at the Imperial, President, Bedford, Tavistock or Royal National hotels you get free three course dinner.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or910-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","budget hotel, conveniently located","The Tavistock is situated close to Euston Station and set on the edge of Tavistock Squares pleasant park.  All good.   The rooms are basic and a bit disappointing. The decor is very 1970s and not very appealing. The room rates are competitive, and as such the hotel attracts student and school parties. This is not a complaint, simply an observation.   The breakfast is plentiful and the staff attentive. I can't comment on the other amenities as I didn't use them.  No wifi  in the room was a disablement for me. Like many, I've come to expect free WiFi. No wifi at all was a surprise.   I  would stay again BUT only for one night, when I need to do no work, and when I want to stay close to Euston.   I should point out that the hotel is undergoing refurbishment in some wings; I hope…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or910-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Downstairs good, upstairs poor.","Stayed at the Tavistock for a 3 night theatre break, 6/7/8 July, didn't want to be paying for an expensive hotel knowing we would only be sleeping, showering & having breakfast. Selected the Tavistock on price, including a full English breakfast & distances to theatres & attractions which are a 20/30 minute walk to theatres & 40/50 to Piccadily, Trafalga & Leicester Square, buses are none stop, all ticked the relevant boxes. From previous experiences of hotels I knew that the rooms would be basic, in size, decor & service, to say the Tavistock needs a face lift is an understatement, the carpets were bare, wallpaper peeling off, doors scratched & chipped, something I would not have expected for a 3 star!!! Overall the staff were pleasant, helpful & diligent making the break…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or915-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location and price the key for me,"I’ve been staying in Imperial Group hotels for years, previously The Bedford, about 200 yards away. All the Imperial Hotels are congregated around Tavistock Square and Southampton Row in the WC1 district. The main attraction for me is The Tavistock’s proximity to Euston Station, the main rail gateway from and to the West Midlands, the Northwest and west Scotland. You can walk it in less than 10 minutes and half of that is waiting to cross the death trap called Euston Road. It isn’t far from Kings Cross/St Pancras stations either (for the central and eastern parts of England and east Scotland). There are three tube stations fairly close by and a plethora of buses going in all directions. The other attraction is the price. It has gone up recently (it’s slightly cheaper to book…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or915-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel ,"Stayed at the Tavistock for two night and had a fantastic time,  staff couldn't do enough for us. The room was lovely and breakfast was great. Will definitely go again and will recommend.  Keep up the good work xx",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or915-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",OK but could do so much better.,"Stayed at this hotel for a single night with some frineds during a London theatre visit. The hotel is nicely situated not too far from the major tourist sites and with good tube, bus and taxi links very close by as well as lots of car parking options for those that need it.  The hotel has some nice art deco touches in the main public areas which give it some personality that many modern hotels lack.  Breakfast was ok even if the restaurant was very crowded and the tables rather cramped together - staff were friendly too.  On the down side the room was amongst the smallest I have stayed in with no aircon and although we had the windows open to get some air the traffic noice in this central location was very loud even from the 7th floor where we stayed.  The bathroom was tiny -…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or915-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent for the price,"Staying 3 nights here, for what I paid it does the job. The different imperial hotels are priced to the quality and service you get, the cheapest is very basic and as you go up in costs you get better rooms. For £90 (in London)it's excellent. If you want more then go to the other hotels in the chains. But for me it's just a place to sleep good bed, TV and coffee in the room what else do you need? Excellent breakfast. It's a big hotel so breakfast is a bit crowded. Adequate food. They heard I was here single for my birthday and I was upgraded to a double room but after coming here for 30 years it was very welcomed. Thank you",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or915-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very cheap and tired,"Nothing really good other than the location! the room is very very very basic and in need of refurbishment. The bathroom is so small and old, with rusting old fittings. The shower head is fixed to the wall with no adjusting possible.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or920-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location nice room,"I have been in this hotel from 24-25/6/5 coupleץ this hotel has a great location 5 mints walk from Russel square tune station  that connect you to all the site seen and have a great buss that also take you to the big ben oxford street and other sites.  the hotel is very nice have kind of big rooms. the continental breakfast is poor just Cornflakes coffee bred and Jams, if you would like English breakfast you need to pay 5 more sterling  and you get :Omelet,Sausages,beacon,tomato. you can eat English   breakfast at 2.5 each near Russel tune station.  as for WiFi just in the lobby.  what make me angry is that they don't have a shampoo in the rooms WHY??? we expect that for the price and standard of this hotel 2 star you will get a shampoo...     conclusion : great location nice…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or920-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing.,"I chose this hotel because of its location, now wish I hadn't. Its further from Covent Garden than expected. The rooms are tiny - TINY, and the general areas of the hotel look very run down. I arrived today at 3pm after a long haul flight only to find that the rooms did not include 'in room' wifi access as I'd thought from the British Airways website where I booked the vacation, and that also, the wifi in the public areas was not working at all. I tried again at 5.30pm and at 10.30pm and wifi in public areas still not working. Personnel were all pleasant, but clueless to provide any decent response.   I then went to my room, the key did not work...grrr...long track back downstairs to get the key reprogrammed.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or920-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap & Cheerful London Hotel,"Just come back from a weekend stay at the Tavistock Hotel. I haven't got anything to complain about. The hotel was clean the staff were so helpful & friendly, from the reception staff to porters the staff in Jacques Wine Bar and the cleaners. We took advantage of the complimentary three course meal that was served on the first night & that was delicious. The breakfast was lovely. Buffet style but not much choice especially the continental breakfast. The location was ideal, the road were a little busy but you are in London! A beautiful park just opposite. Excellent transport links into London & Euston station just a 5 minute walk away. Our room was at the back of the hotel without a scenic view but we didn't plan on sitting by the window looking out anyway :) so we weren't that…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or920-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You don't get much hotel for £100 in Central London,We chose it for the location which is brilliant. . 5 minutes walk from Euston and You can walk to Covent Garden or Oxford Street in about 15 minutes. The room was rather small but we only spent the night in it. Otherwise we were out the whole time. Full English breakfast was actually rather good and the reception and concierge staff are very helpful.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or920-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Wedding anniversary weekend,"We have been to this hotel 3 times now & I can honestly say me & my husband can not find a fault, yes the rooms are basic yet very clean indeed. The breakfast is also faultless as there's plenty of variety to choose from even the waiters/waitresses are polite to the guests. The rooms do get rather hot but it's not that bad really because they soon cool down once the windows are open. My overall view is happy 👍🏻",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or925-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",City weekend break,I stayed here last weekend with my mother.  We have stayed here 2 years ago.  We had a fantastic deal of staying for 2 nights and receiving a 3 course meal free on the first night. My mother lives abroad so when we met up we spent time catching up and didn't go for dinner till half eight to find the restaurant we had chosen was full so we went to a different one which was also offering the deal. We did feel quite rushed but wasn't a big problem. The hotel is clean and tidy. Staff are helpful and is situated ideally for the tube station allowing travel around the city. Would stay here again. Fantastic Chinese restaurant around the corner. Full of Chinese people eating in there. ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or925-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Unfriendly Reception,"From arrival to departure reception staff were unfriendly, not even smiling.  We decided they hate their jobs, hate their manager, or hate each other, or all three.  Three behind reception desk when we arrived and were nasty to each other and about the staff at the concierge desk.  Concierge staff very helpful, knowledgable, and friendly.  No complaints about housekeeping.  Dining room manager looks like an undertaker.  Also doesn't smile.  Dining room tables not cleaned and reset when guests leave.  When we sat at a table, server had to be told by manager to clean and set table.  He wiped most of the crumbs off the tablecloth and brought only some of the dishes needed.    We sat near where they kept the supplies for setting up and the tea and coffee where we watched the staff…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or925-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",3 day stay for training,"I booked a double room, as I like to sleep in a double even on my own, but was given a twin room with extra small beds was told the hotel was full so nothing could be done. No aircon, really noisy with windows open hotest week of the year little sleep for 2 nights",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or925-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Way below expectations,"The room (on the 7th floor) was small, with a tiny TV, and the bathroom is also a bit small, and felt a bit claustrophobic.  The first day we arrived, the towels in our room were dirty, which I didn't notice until it was too late, as I was already showering.  Possibly because the room was on the 7th floor, there were issues with water pressure, but the result was that the water from the tap over the sink would flow onto the sink counter, and no amount of turning of the faucet would make it flow more for a few seconds, during which the counter would get covered in water.  The beds were not that comfortable, though survivable. One of the elevators in the center was broken, and the wait was long, but on the last day of our stay we noticed a sign that there were additional elevators…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or925-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","No air conditioning, no ceiling fan, no screens in windows",Here for 8 day conference  Very hot weather and there is no a/c No ceing fan and no screens to prevent bugs from entering if you open the windows  Very short hard beds    No bathroom amenities other than a tiny generic Bar of soap. Don't forget to bring a washcloth to England  Wifi only in half of the lobby- sometimes  Older building near stores and restaurants And underground  Cheaper and full wifi at nearby hotel where all those five foot ten and taller went,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or930-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed at.,"I stayed at The Tavistock for 10 nights in June 2015, with a Travel Study group of 13 of my students. I assure you, the photos on their website are misleading. I'm attaching real photos. This hotel was not clean. From the day we arrived, we experienced unfriendly, incompetent staff members. Wifi in the lobby doesn't work most of the time, because it can’t serve more than 5-6 people at a time. We had to leave the hotel to go to nearby venues to use their Wifi. Hotel guests filled the lobby every night for hours at a time hoping to get signal. The ATM (Cashpoint) machine and the Guest Internet Access computer in the lobby were out of order during our entire stay. The hallways are dirty, musty, with cracked plaster, old moldy carpets. The electronic hotel card-keys typically don't…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or930-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but centrally located.,I stayed at the hotel last week. It is an old hotel but is generally not a problem . It is centrally located and is between the Euston station and  Russell Square station. There was no problem with the cleanliness . In the bathroom there is only soap and toilet paper. The breakfast is only cereal with milk and fruit and the classic English breakfast. Prefer to go for breakfast early because then you wait in line . Main drawback I consider that there was no WI FI in the rooms but only in the lobby the lifts where very slow and most of the times didn't work and i had t take the lifts at the end of the corridor. Advantage of the hotel is that it is centrally located and you can walk to visit the sights.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or930-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great  location ,Very handy spot. Easy to  get  anywhere  in london.  Rooms good size. Great  shower. Rooms refreshed  every day. Good breakfast.  All original  decor from 1930s. Good overall for price... Opposite  park and close to eating  places,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or930-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",I love this place,"The Tavistock is a great old hotel in a perfect location. Don't expect fancy or elegant. Expect good service, good breakfasts and a fine pub off the lobby. I've stayed here numerous times and the price, location and super staff keep me coming back.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or930-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic no more,"Well located. Good underground conections and less than 20 min by foot from the main places to visit first time: british museum, trafalgar square, Soho, parliament houses, ... But wifi is only available in the hall, most of the rooms dwo not have air conditioned and those who face the internal square are very noisy Breakfast is basic basic Services offered at desk are nice and atendants will suggest interesting options. bigbus was an excelento option. We paid one da at the hotel and Bigbus gave us another one. excelent. Shuttle service to airport verey good.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or935-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Old favourite still the one,"Despite ups and downs over the years, this is still the place I'd stay in London. Good location and direct train to Heathrow. Reasonable for London and mainly friendly staff. Same old breakfast and same greeter all these years.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or935-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Familiar and convenient,I've stayed here many times now. Its good to be recognised by staff. And its helpful to know precisely what you are going to get for your money: basic but convenient. But why oh why can't they be a tad more generous with their welcome tray,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or935-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for money BUT,Good professional welcome  and excellent staff great location however a good nights sleep was not to be had because of a noisy fan Sleep is the whole reason to use a hotel.It spoiled my stay. Breakfast good,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or935-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Okay for short/business trip...,"My room seemed to have been recently refurbished, it was small but clean and the decor was fine. I think perhaps shampoo/shower gel is something I expect in a hotel nowadays (you get it in a Travelodge, so would expect it here), but apart from that - soap, kettle, tea/coffee, trouser press, hair dryer and towels - so not all that bad. Only current issue is that access to 8th floor is limited to stairs as there is maintenance work ongoing. There seems to be quite a lot of staff in the hotel with a poor grasp of English, which isn't entirely appropriate in the service industry - but there's also very pleasant and fluent staff. Breakfast a little bit of a let-down, no veggie option for English breakfast, and rock-hard yolks; also minimal selection on the continental counter - would…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or935-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Incredibly poor customer service,Disappointingly nothing I read on this site prepared me for how rude the staff were. It felt as though they had been told to be as unhelpful as possible. On arrival reception staff refused to answer queries. Friends who were also staying at the hotel were told off at one point for walking through the wine bar.  We were not told we needed our room cards for breakfast. After waiting 10 minutes for a lift down (we were on the 8th floor and there were only 2 lifts) we were faced with having to go all the way back up to get them.  When we were finally admitted to the breakfast room no-one seated us so we got some food and sat down. This was clearly a capital mistake. We were approached by a member of staff who told us we couldn't sit at our table as we had a spare seat (though the…,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or940-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Adequate and convenient, but not impressive","Hotel was located 3 blocks from the underground and short ride from Heathrow on Picadilly line.  Closest attraction was British Museum.  Walkable to Eurostar station and many London sites (including nearby stops for hop on/off bus tours).  Nice lobby with attached restaurant and bar.  Wifi in lobby only and was rather weak.  Small lifts and very modest rooms.  Floors with guest rooms are dated and worn, but adequate.  Very well priced for London, but not well appointed.  Area a bit noisy at night. Charge fifteen euro for bag for storage pre/post check in/out; instead opt for left luggage storage at train stations, which cost twenty euro for a cubic meter for full day.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or940-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",I would stay again but... ,"I visited the hotel not so long back as part of a touristic trip with my mother, and as soon as we were dropped off outside I felt like we'd gone back in time several years! The hotel has such an Art Deco feel about it. The hotel is very dated though, it could do with a touch of modernisation in the rooms and hallways. Breakfast was lovely, very cheery and helpful staff waiting on their guests every morning. The concierge in the hotel were amazing, the gentlemen working every day were so helpful.   However, don't expect a polite greeting from the receptionists. Each day we were there they all looked so bored. When we arrived, the girl working didn't even acknowledge us to begin with, to then go on and just ask for our surname etc, gave us the key and told us our room number. She…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or940-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good location, poor customer service","I thought I would try out one of the Imperial London hotels as their prices are very good. This was £81 a night including breakfast which is excellent value. The room was clean and adequate, if feeling a little worn. I didn't realise there was no Wifi in the room until I got there (my mistake for assuming hotels would have WiFi these days) which made working a bit of pain, relying on my own 4G signal.  Breakfast was great - a wonderful choice and nice staff. However, my stay was marred by the rudeness of the reception staff. The young woman who checked me in barely looked at me when doing so, and the only comment she made was to tell me the room number. I had a different person checking me out, and again they barely raised their eyes to acknowledge me and seemed a bit put out…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or940-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Visit London,"Good location, good staff, good price, clean, nearby supermarkets and pub.  No shampoo...  The hotel has no publicized e-mail address to check things ahead.  They have Wi-Fi only in the lobby and it is needed also in the rooms!        ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or940-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad at all,"Stayed here on business trip recently. In a decent position not far from the west end, slight drawback is the noise from the road. Rooms are nice size and quite nice. Bit of decor around hotel could do with slight upgrade but nothing horrendous. Bar and restaurant very  art deco gives a sense of interest you dont find in bland chain hotels",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or945-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Charming,"Don't be put off by the old fashioned decor - it's all part of the charm. Cheap for London, wonderful location, Art Deco, friendly kind staff, fab breakfasts and great windows so you can't hear the traffic. Tired decor in bedrooms, but who cares, the shower was fab, restaurant good value, if a bit oily. Lots of people I met had been returning there for years - I certainly will!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or945-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tired but clean!,"The Tavistock is well placed for Euston, St Pancras and Kings Cross stations. Jacques Bar was very good. Helpful and friendly staff and good food at reasonable prices.  The reception staff were efficient and frosty!  The rooms and bathrooms are in desperate need of renovation. No air conditioning and it is too noisy (when in a back room) to have the window open.  Breakfast is rigidly set from 7am. No early start facilities. Breakfast is basic from the hot plate.  Wifi only available in reception and bar areas. ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or945-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not exactly great,"This hotel is basically a no frills place to crash out in central London. The location is good but that's it. The rooms are basic with no air conditioning or even any shower gel provided, the sound proofing is poor, you get woken up in the small hours by guests returning from nights out or others getting up for early flights. The breakfast is a throwback to the 70s, the staff do their job but that's it, and some are downright unfriendly. Other guests are also often rude and barge past you with their suitcases without saying excuse me. We dined in Jaques wine bar our first night and the service there was also unwelcoming  and poor.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or945-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","great location, WHY 3star ?","this hotel is in a great location 20min walk to covent garden,etc the breakfast is really good english and continental  the whole of the hotel is tatty BUT clean  maybe if it were to be refurbished the cost of the rooms would go up,the room rates are very reasonable all the staff are miserable but they do their job  don't let any of the above put you off (you get what you pay for) cheap and clean i would stay here again for a quick visit to london ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or945-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A brekkie shocker,"I expected dated old small rooms, slow lifts and quite liked the Art Deco lobby and bar. But the ""continental breakfast"" is a shocker. Slices of cheap white bread and jam with tea or filter coffee? Best advice: skip brekkie and find somewhere nearby for a croissant ...",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or950-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!!,"After reading many reviews on this hotel and hotels within this chain I was quite pessimistic upon entering this hotel. The check in was really quick and the receptionist was polite, we was given a room on the 2nd floor facing Tavistock Square (which I had requested). The room was basic but clean with a TV, Kettle, Tea & Coffee. The bathroom was ok, bath and shower with hot water. If you like a bath you would need to be under 5ft and of small build as the bath is very narrow in the middle. Breakfast was included in the price and was sufficient for a bite to eat. I didn't see any queues for the tables or the breakfast as stated in other reviews so was pleasantly surprised. The waiters were friendly and tried their best with what they had. We had a 3 Course meal on the first night…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or950-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"I booked this hotel having stayed at a sister hotel a number of times. On the website this seemed better with a bticr looking lobby, bar and rooms. How mistaken could I have been.  The reception staff were unfriendly upon checkin and it seemed an inconvenience that I had arrived.   When I got to my room for the night I was struck by the view from my window of what I believe was once a skylight but it was now covered with hardboard and cardboard and which was nicely rotton and moss covered. Looking beyond this I was met with 8 storey buildings on all sides with (after a quick count) approx 200 windows looking into my room. This was all complemented by the standard air conditioning units and steel chimneys.  The bed looked ok ish and the tv was a standard small size.   The table…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or950-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not so good experience...,"Location is convenient .. near to Russell Square underground where you can take the tube directly to/fro from Heathrow Airport. Hotel is also a 5-10 minutes walk to Euston station.   However, hotel and room is old. Lock doesn't seems secure. Door shows sign of breaking in before. No wifi in the room, you have to go to lobby to access the wifi. The bed is old too, it sink down when I sit on it. Hotel do not provide shampoo, etc.. only a bar of soap.    Staff were not friendly and not helpful. Breakfast was bad. Service staff at breakfast were rude.   I would not recommend this hotel unless you want it for its location.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or950-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Bad !!!,"1. No wifi in rooms 2. No egg in free breakfast, pay £5 if you want anything other than free bread, juice and cornflakes! 3. Located in central area which is the only redeeming feature for a £115 tariff. 4. Rooms are basic. 5. Toilet is separate from bath. 6. No shampoo, only poor quality soap in bathroom which is slightly larger than a plane toilet.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or950-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Trip to see Football,"Great hotel, short tube ride to the Emirates and close to all attractions! TV in room didn't work but we were out both nights! Room was a bit stuffy but Ok! Will be staying again for definate!!  Breakfast in cafe round corner is ideal!!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or955-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Has maintained its standards,"My last visit was a comfortable one on the rather faded elegance of the 4th. floor facing the quiet western aspect. This time I was on the more modern 1st floor facing a much more noisy eastern aspect. However, the room was very comfortable with a bath and shower, and separate WC. The breakfast was ok but I nearly mistook the porridge for the scrampled eggs!!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or955-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"This hotel is located within 5 minutes easy walk of Euston Station (& Underground - Northern & Victoria Lines). Russell Square Underground (Piccadilly Line) is 10 minutes walk.  The hotel has reasonable rates for London but this does come with compromises. Our room was a smallish twin with a small bathroom and a very very small separate toilet. The décor was very plain. Soap is provided but none of the clutch of potions provided by more expensive hotels. There was a hair dryer.  Even so, it was comfortable and clean.  Interior décor in the public areas is original ""Art Deco"".  The breakfast was of reasonable quality and range (good coffee) for the overall price. There is free Wi Fi in the entrance area.  I would use it again for the convenience of location, reasonable cost and…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or955-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Barely functional, no wifi","Barely functional for an urban hotel. Surprisingly no wifi except in the lobby! Simple single bed, ancient TV (partially broken but working). Bars of plain soap (not shampoo or anything else). No hair dryer. Shower works great.  Worst breakfast imaginable (especially for a vegetarian). The best I could do was some tinned baked beans and tinned tomatoes. One bite of each, plus a taste of the white toast, a sip of the orange water, and i was done. Not a single fruit (luckily I had bought a banana the night before and had that for breakfast in my room). I had already heard about how bad the coffee is, so I passed on that. At least it was clean Wouldn't stay there by choice.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or955-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Dreary, tatty and uninviting.","This is a large hotel which might have been modern in the 1970's. Now it is very tatty and grubby with peeling paint and dirty carpets. Rooms are small, with the smallest TV I have ever seen stuck on the wall. Bathroom is useable, just. There is no wifi in the room. Breakfast is pretty grim with undrinkable synthetic fruit juice, revolting coffee and grey bread rolls.  The lifts are so slow and rattly as to be a joke. Even the synthetic voice that announces the floor has a speech impediment.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or955-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Mixed experience,Location of this tourist hotel is perfect; rooms and bathrooms are nothing fancy but clean and recently redecorated; what I found most problematic was that there was no wifi in rooms (only in lobby). The breakfast was sober; service at the reception could also be improved (in terms of helpfulness and friendliness).       ,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or960-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",room & breakfast,"I'll start first of all with the room small but not bad bathroom discusting anni trenta (not art deco but ancient) with door rotting at the bottom half ,complained about door and was told it would be looked into sincerley thought they would change our room considering the terriable state of that door and the dirt grimed in the bottem but nothing was done in the Whole week we were there even though I complained again I was just ignored.Believe me it was really out of all idea of public hygene. That being said lets get to the breakfast on offer toast jam bread and cereals,exactly the same every day.Very disallutioned with this hotel thought it would be quite nice. Oh forgot one bath towel each no more.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or960-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fab value for money for The London...,"Booked two rooms for two couples for a gig night at Hammersmith Odeon (Apollo). The Tavi was recommended to us by my partner who regularly stays here as one of her work offices is close by. For the money, and considering where it is situated, this hotel offers great value for money. We paid £107 per couple including full breakfast. Clean, tidy, excellent staff in particular one of the breakfast ladies who was as cheery as they come and was a credit ti the hotel. Would definately book here again....no question",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or960-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",poor maintainance,Poor maintainance. Facilities outdated. No wifi service in the room. Rooms are very basic and dusty. No convenience facilities in the bathroom. No shampoo or equivalent. Just soap. You could buy shampoo mini flasks in the vending machine of the hotel at 2 pounds. I do not think this is very classy. Breakfast is also very poor                     ,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or960-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend stay.,"A lovely Hotel with friendly, helpful and polite staff. We will certainly stay here again sometime in the near future .Very handy for the Underground and within walking distance of The British Museum and two lovely garden squares. Good food and especially Breakfast .",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or960-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Lovely Hotel, very basic","Me and my friend came to London from Scotland and stayed in the Tavistock hotel for 2 nights. We arrived earlier than the check in time and we were given our room straight away, however the reception staff could have been a bit more welcoming and cheerful. This hotel is situated in a great location, there's an subway station literally 2 mins away from the hotel, we walked to Covent gardens on our first day which was 20 mins away. There are loads of cafes, pubs, shops and restaurants surrounding the hotel which is great! There is also a shopping centre 2 minutes away as well! The breakfast wasn't the best, the continental options were very limited which was a bit of a pain.  Another problem we had was that when we took a shower, the bathroom floor would end up flooded no matter…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or965-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Decent place to stay,"Stayed here twice for three nights this month.  Given the price of everything in London, this is one of the moderately priced places to stay.  Rooms are very small, but also very clean, water pressure is excellent and there is plenty of hot water.  You can borrow (with £3 deposit) an adapter for your electricals.  If you book online, you can get a better deal, including a free dinner if you stay for at least two days.  Full English breakfast is not stellar, but meets expectations.  I stayed here before 29 years ago, and it hasn't changed much. The location is fantastic, it is a short walk to Russell Square tube station, and also a short walk from St.Pancras if you are arriving by train via Gatwick. Wifi is only available in the hotel lobby - maybe a few select rooms by phone. I…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or965-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"We stayed there 3 night, mother and 12 year old child. Room is OK, a bit small, but this is what one can expect for hotel in the center of the city. Close to the Russle Sqr tube station, many bus stations near buy, including site seeing buses. Several cafes and restuarants as well near by. We enjoyed it.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or965-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money and clean ,"This is a perfect place for people whom would like to see central London. The staff are very friendly and welcome you every day. The rooms are just the right size and the water is always hot for a bath/shower. The only problem I would say was our toilet wasn't very good at flushing. It's not really bothered me at all though. Lovely food for breakfast, and for a cheap night in jaques wine bar is the place. Loved it here will be back. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or965-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another nice stay,"We opted to stay here again over more expensive hotels, preferring to spread our budget around on food and sight seeing. We called two days in advance and asked for a quiet room. We were told the hotel was full and they would see what they could do!  We signed in at 12 and left our bag with the porter who was very helpful, supplying tube maps and so on. We then went off sight seeing and came back after an early dinner at 1930.  The room card (has breakfast details on it) was the same and we were in room 731, which was the same as last time!  We had a nice quiet night but were very warm. We went down for breakfast at about 8 and it was very busy, we presented our room cards and found a table. The food while basic was regularly topped up and plentiful. The staff were always to…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or965-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great hotel and location,Booked a single room and got a twin instead was a Nice size room  tv kettle and bathroom lovely view of the square.great price good breakfast with plenty of table no ques and lovely staff and good location for tube station,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or970-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A London Hotel in a safe location,"I have stayed at this Hotel for Business and Pleasure for over 8 years. The staff are friendly, the Hotel is in an art decor 1930 style and part of the Imperial Hotel Group of which this is one of the seven the family own. The rooms are clean and many overlook the Tavistock  Square Park, they have a good bar with guest ales, the breakfast is hot and there is plenty to choose from. The nightly room rate is reasonable for a central location and their is a managed safe car park at the adjacent Royal National Hotel which is owned by the Group. Russell Square tube station is within 5 minutes walk, Euston main line station is just 15 minutes walk away and there is a range of bus and taxis from Russell Square just round the corner. There is the Bloomsbury Shopping Centre adjacent and…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or970-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Location,Nice and clean hotel. Good location. Polite staff. We stayed in Tavistok while our first visit in London. Rooms are small but clean. Room with a bath tub is rather helpful after the whole day of walking. Nice place,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or970-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another nice stay,"Have stayed here on a number of occasions now and I've never been disappointed. It's clean and comfy, great location, friendly staff, good breakfast and brill value for London. This time we stayed in room 205 which overlooked Tavistock Square. Yes there was noise from outside but it's London, and it didn't disturb our sleep after a jam-packed day in the capital. Only niggle this time was the absence of scrambled eggs at breakfast, which my partner was particularly looking forward to, but everything else on offer was fine as usual. I've looked into other options in this price range in London and never found anywhere to offer a better value package than the Tavistock. Stay here people, then you can spend the money you save having an even more amazing time in London.    ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or970-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Adequate hotel,"We had one night booked in a twin room at the Tavistock, including breakfast.  The room, was what you'd expect from this hotel chain, Imperial Hotels, basic but clean. We had a twin room on floor 8 which appeared to be a disabled room with two red emergency light pulls in the bedroom and bathroom, plus paddle taps and grabrails to assist with the toilet etc.  All this wasn't a problem of course but why would a disabled room be on the top floor of a hotel when one cannot use the lifts in the event of a fire?  Odd.  The breakfast was excellent.  Continental or full English, as much or as little as one wanted and plenty of tea and coffee. Cannot fault the breakfast at all.  The hotel is a short walk from Russell Sq underground and about 15 mins walk to Kings Cross.  It's a great…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or970-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I had two nights here - room booked by conference organisers. I can see that the hotel owners/managers have tried to improve it - the room had clearly been renovated but it is a basic hotel that seems to cater primarily to the tourist/coach trip market. I had a twin room on my own - just as well as I cannot see how two people could have managed in such a small space. The hotel is not expensive by London standards - and I guess that's why there are no toiletries except for small bars of soap, and why there is no room safe either. And no air-con so it would be horribly hot in the summer time. Breakfast was very ordinary ... limited selection of not very appetising food and a ""maitre d'"" who seemed to think it was acceptable to bark orders at the wait/floor staff in front of…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or975-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",basic hotel,"basic service. clean yet quite aged. this is a hotel which is a good base to visit central London :  just a few-minute walk from Russel square tube Station, you can walk to Coventgarden in 15 minutes and to The British museum in 5 minutes. Breakfast is very poor ( nothing more than bread, jam and butter and an undrinkable coffee.  With 5 extra pounds you can have English breakfast which is poor as well. therefore donot Waste money on that. There are much better and cheaper restaurants just round the corner. )",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or975-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Adequate hotel with great location, but lousy Wi-fi","The Tavistock is in a great location--near to Russell St station and close to the British Museum and the rest of Bloomsbury--but its staff is not all that helpful and its wi-fi is very lousy.  The wi-fi only works in the ground floor lobby and, even there, it is not terrific.  This is hard to believe in 2015 and with a hotel that promises it is up to date with amenities.  The staff were not as helpful as they good have been in getting vans back to Heathrow Airport, telling our group that there had been a change in price the morning of pick-up rather than any time before.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or975-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",No internet in rooms,"I was booked into this hotel by a conference, so I didn't choose it myself. Nevertheless, I do not recommend it for business travelers since there is no internet available in the rooms. Not even if you wanted to pay for it. There is free wifi in the lobby, so the area is occupied by guests pecking away at their machines.  In this day and age, it is unacceptable for a hotel not to offer Internet in the rooms. It was impossible to work on my conference paper in the lobby, and then doing research on tourist activities was a bother.   The room was adequate, but expectedly small for central London. My room had two narrow single beds, but I don't know how two humans would have managed their stuff in the room. Fine for one.  The coffee at breakfast was undrinkable. On the first day it…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or975-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",perfectly adequate,"This is one of a chain of  Imperial hotels in London. I've stayed in the nearby Royal national with pupils and it was fine for the purpose, but must be horrible if you're a private traveller. The Tavistock is much nicer. It is a fairly bog standard London hotel. The bathroom wasn't spotless, but ok, and it did have a very good shower - a bonus! The bed was comfortable, and it was pretty quiet. Breakfasts are always a bit nasty in these places: watery scrambled eggs, cold hard toast, greasy fried eggs, dubious sausages, tinned tomatoes and so on, all kept tepid on a buffet. We struggled to get the waiter's attention for tea, then there seemed no chance of a top up. The waiting staff generally were a bit grumpy. The front desk were great, however. I was in town for a conference,…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or975-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Surprisingly Good,The purpose of the visit was a one night stay for a football match via Superbreak which covered rail travel from Newcastle and one night in an allocated Imperial Hotel which in this case was the Tavistock. For those arriving at Kings Cross its a twelve minute walk up Euston Road turn left at Upper Woburn Place and hotel is on the right.Alternatively you just get the tube to Euston and its three minutes again along Upper Woburn Place or the tube to Russell Square.On arrival at just after eleven first impressions were very good reception very plush.We were surprised that the rooms were ready but had they not been there is a secure room to leave your bags at no charge next to reception.The rooms were fine twin beds with room well decorated.While the room was a little hot their were…,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or980-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London Conference ,I found Reception quite brusque asking me to sign paperwork without explaining to me what it was. They were impatient when I insisted on reading it first. I felt like I was on a production line both on arrival and departure. The room wasn't clean. I noticed a lot of dust. The wifi didn't work. This Hotel needs to be redecorated. It looked tired and shabby. Having said that I did have a quiet room which I had requested on the sixth floor. Would I stay again? I really don't know. I think I would try somewhere else as there are lots of Hotels in the area  ,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or980-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Tavistock Hotel, Russell Square (Tavistock Square) London","Hotel foyer nice clean, desk staff very friendly and helpful. Bedrooms have everything you need -- but very they are hot you need windows open all the time ! Very good English breakfasts served. Very near to Russell Square tube station so easy access for underground services.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or980-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Marvellous location, unnecessarily penny-pinching in certain respects","A marvellously-located hotel; clean rooms but very basic, as one might expect at this price level. However, there are a couple a features that seem unnecessarily mean: one, soap is supplied, but not even a sachet of shampoo; two, it seems that one has to choose between a continental and an English breakfast, but why?   The associated restaurant is good in relation to prices charged and location.   Some impressive Art Deco features.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or980-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",average hotel well located,"big hotel, well placed in Tavistock place close to UCL and Euston square big room but got two towels in total per room only good insonorisation from outside, less with corridors simple breakfast wifi did not work well                ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or980-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short break,"Good hotel, convenient location for site seeing, etc. Close to tubes i.e. Russel Square, Euston Square. Nice sized twin room with small bath/shower and separate toilet. We were on the 7th floor but could still hear all the traffic below,but thats London I suppose. Green parks just outside hotel and close to British Museum. Cocktail bar (not used) and a bar with cheap (£3 a pint) beer open till 1.00am. Breakfast was not for me though, I dined out of the hotel for that. Friendly and helpful staff. I would be happy to return to this hotel in the future. Oh yeah - TV did not work, but I wasn`t there to watch TV!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or985-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Stay at Tavistock Hotel,"The hotel is very centrally located making it convenient to visit the most of the tourist attractions such as Buckingham Palace, London Bridge, etc., The hotel itself is clean, the breakfast is good. There's no wifi in the room and the wifi at the hotel itself doesn't seem to work but ""The Cloud"" does - so that's helpful.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or985-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location and price very good,"Recommended by a friend, I found the Tavistock very convenient, cost attractive and included a good English Breakfast - eggs, bacon, sausages, baked beans, tomatoes plus fruit and Continental Breakfast if preferred.  I arrived at Pancreas Station and had a bit of a walk from the Eurostar arrival platform to get to the Underground, but it was only one stop to Russell Square and a 10 minute walk to the hotel.  The hotel has attractive art deco decor.  No wifi in the rooms or dining room, only in the reception area, but the bed was comfortable and the room quiet.  A short walk to the British Museum.   Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or985-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonable ,"This hotel is a reasonable price for what you get. A little rough round the edges but very clean and the full English is good value for money. Rooms are small but again clean. Don't expect 5 star, but I'd stay again no problem. There is wifi but only on the ground floor so you need to be sat in the bar area.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or985-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London Town,very comfortable and good value for London and this location - especially liked the  bistro restaurant  on the premises and the bar with craft beers - convenient location as a £ 5 taxi ride from  St Pancras and Kings Cross                               ,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or985-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Step back into the past,"Lovely art deco interior; signage, windows, mirrors, all a throw back to a golden age of travel.rooms are small but clean and quiet. Only quibble:why no toiletries? At least, just a sachet of shampoo?",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or990-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Handy for St Pancras, but not good on a Friday night","We stayed here for one night prior to an early departure on Eurostar and although it was a good location with good facilities, our attempts to sleep were disturbed by the nightclub below with a constant boom boom of the bass. Unfortunately, breakfast was served too late for us but we were able to grab a couple of rolls in a napkin to take with us. I would use this hotel again but not at the weekend.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or990-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What else can you expect. This is London.,"The service was very efficious by check in staff. You're just another punter so move along style. Concierge was a nice older gentleman who was kind and helpful and even shared a joke. The room was overheated. Decor was basic. Breakfast is available quite late from my experience ie after 7.30am. Parking is expensive. By the standards of just about anywhere else (I am from Sydney) this place is poor but.....this is London, tourist Mecca, so this is what's to be expected I'd say.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or990-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but good value,"hotel is a bit tired and in need of upgrade ,rooms are basic but clean and the hotel is well situated for a city break, breakfast was fresh and plentiful , would use this hotel again for short stays , good value for money, you get what you pay for !                               ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or990-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ticked our boxes in all areas,"This hotel was ideally located for us, we like to walk and explore, the service and Staff were excellent, with a nice big breakfast to get up to each morning, the room was very clean and well set out. This is our second time in the Tavistock, we hope to be in again at Christmas time. The only slight negative we have is that 1 of the 2 lifts was none operational for over a day, so in a large hotel like the tavistock it became a long wait for a lift, especially when your on the 8th floor. ",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or990-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Sleep too much? Try the Tavistock Hotel...,If you love wall-shakingly loud bass at 5.30am you'll love this hotel. We stayed on a Saturday night and were kept wide awake by the unadvertised NIGHTCLUB IN THE BASEMENT. After several calls to a reluctant and weakly apologetic reception who said there was nothing they could do about it we finally wore them down and got moved to the 8th floor at 4.30 in the morning. After a fitful couple of hours shut-eye we awoke to what sounded like an Airbus taxiing on the hotel roof (probably some kind of driers we surmised) that quashed the likelihood of any further sleep.  Recommendation to hotel: please let guests know in advance that the whole hotel is affected by this very loud music on Friday and Saturday nights and consider reducing costs on those nights: £107 for 1 hour's sleep and…,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or995-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another excellent stay,"This is a really great hotel. Nice bar, free wifi, and of course Jacques Bistro for dinner. Their breakfast was up to the usual standard, serving the best bacon I have had. Plenty of tv channels to choose from and room lovely and warm.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or995-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, very functional room, art deco EVERYWHERE","This is an amazing location across from the Institute of Education. Conveniently located to Russell Square for tube access, and a quick walk to Kings Cross if so inclined, this location makes adventuring or businessing in London easy.  Note: Wifi only available in Lobby. Unfortunate.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or995-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Hotel in London,"We always stay at the Tavistock Hotel when in London; it's near to the bus routes, main line rail and tube stations, so very convenient for getting around and its possible to walk to many attractions and theatres. The price is excellent for London and includes a very good breakfast. Booking online for two or more nights usually incurs a special offer of a free meal in their restaurant on the first night which further enhances the good value. There is free wifi in the bar/reception area and even a free cash machine which is very useful. No air conditioning in the rooms makes it less comfortable in the height of summer. The décor of the hotel is art deco which is very nice. Staff are very friendly and all is very clean.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or995-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location x cost = ok,"Near a tube station, includes breakfast and it's price point is hard to beat. Heat is definitely a problem, difficult to turn off radiators but you could open windows which helped until enthusiastic cleaning staff closed windows and turned the heat back on. No internet in rooms and difficulty with Tavistock internet in lobby until my friend figured out we should be using the Cloud (which again only worked in lobby). Breakfast was plentiful but coffee, orange coloured water and dry scrambled eggs were substandard.  Substituted fruit and muesli on 2nd morning and things improved.  However, as price in a London Hotel is a real concern, would definitely consider returning",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or995-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",First time stay and already booked to return for new year,"Fantastic price- double room for £117 by far the cheapest we could find in London Room- Very clean and a suitable size with a hairdryer, bath and shower and tv, plenty of plug sockets (something i often find really annoying in a hotel)   10 minute walk from kings cross station and a 3 minute walk from russel square tube which is on the main line to covent garden ect   Very safe area to walk around at night, we got back from our show quite late and felt perfectly fine walking back to the hotel   Nice little shopping square with pubs near by with shops such as newlook, river island and waitrose  Staff are willing to help, bag drop off both before check in and for check out   Full english breakfast   Have already booked to come back here for new years eve after the fireworks on the…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1000-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great location,"This was booked by family member for 50th birthday. myself and wife found hotel easily accessible by public transport. Either by train.(Euston station) underground(Russell square) , and by bus. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, Rooms were adequate size, clean and bright. we had Evening meal which was excellent and reasonable priced. Breakfast which was full English or continental very good and staff more than helpful. Would recommend this hotel for short stay or longer.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1000-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",ABSOLUTELY HORRID!!!! STAY AWAY,Me and my partner stayed in this hotel for two nights and soon discovered it was the hotel from hell!!!! Walking into the lobby it is dull and very unwelcoming with what looks like 600 year old sofas scattered around the place. The staff reluctantly checked us in we found they were rude and unfriendly and quite frankly need some training in customer service!!! Coming out of the lift onto the second floor the immediate smell of fish hits you as you walk down the dingy corridor. Opening the door to our hotel room I was appalled at what I was witnessing. The decor was atrocious and old fashioned. The room was filthy with layers of dust formed on the dressing table/mirror. We choose infact to sleep with just a sheet as the bedding felt dirty and unwashed! The bathroom was…,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1000-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Last minute requirement was acceptable,"A short review this one.   Needing to stay overnight in London I chose the Tavistock based on price. With other places (including travelodge etc) at £150+ for the night the £100 at the Tavistock seemed a bargain ..  But....  As I once read ..""pay $10 for a watch and you'll get a $10 watch...""  Cheap (for central London) and cheerful best describes the hotel.   But, even in April the room was too hot and had no aircon. Opening the window just allowed traffic noise in so not the best nights sleep. ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1000-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Another room to review in the Tavistock Russell square,I stayed here again on Thursday 16th April. Thus time the twin bedded room faced the side road on which the hotel bowling alley is on.  The check in process was faultless. The staff are ways friendly and polite. When I arrived in the room on the second floor I took photos for my review. The room is overlooking by an office which has tinted windows   You can see in the office as it gets dark outside and they have their lights on. So if you can see in then they can see you.  There are no blinds or voile on the windows so for privacy you need to close the curtains.  Which for me on a sunny day was a pain. I wanted to relax after my journey on the bed with my clothes loosened. And ended up in a dark room.  So for me the room needs voile to get some privacy. Around 1am when I went to…,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1000-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent value in a great location,"Clean, comfortable room with proper bath en suite, friendly welcome and central but quiet location. Same reasonable price all year round, weekday and midweek. Cut out the middle man and book on their site, you will get free dinner first night. Don't expect five star perfection but it's a good middle of the road hotel at an excellent price. I have stayed here over 20 times in the last few years, over 70 nights, I never stay anywhere else in London now. A good safe area for single female travellers too.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1005-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, friendly hotel","I am often in London and I always stay at the Tavistock. It is a three-star hotel located near the British Museum in the university quarter. The price is very reasonable for the centre of London and normally includes a full English breakfast buffet. The transport links are excellent - 5 minutes to Russel Squere underground and plenty of buses. I have always found the staff very friendly. The rooms are practical, clean and with the usual conveniences - facility to make tea or coffee, TV. The Tavistock has an interesting art deco foyer. I always recommend the Tavistock to my German friends visiting London and they are invariably satisfied.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1005-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Friendly and comfortable,"I really enjoy my stays at the Tavistock. The staff are all very friendly, the room clean and comfortable, the breakfast great,  the location perfect, and the cost  for London fantastic. What more can I say, but that I look forward to returning soon. Don't expect 5 star, it isn't but it is great value. Tony Everett",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1005-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location and very good value,"We stayed for four nights and enjoyed the free continental breakfast that had excellent service.  Also, the concierge was very helpful.  We also ate at Jacques Wine Bar, which had good food.  Although Wi-Fi was not available in the room, it was available in the lounge on first floor.  I would have preferred a room with a double bed; however, the only room available was one with twin beds. The room's use of space was excellent.  The lights and TV switches were next to the bed. The price was less than other hotels in the area.  As others have stated, the location is excellent",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1005-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Return Visit,"This hotel is in a good location for Euston Station, I would say 5min walk and you're there. The staff in the hotel are friendly and even had the door opened for us by one of them. We stayed on the 6th floor and in a well sized room, the heat in the rooms and corridors got too hot at times. Some of the wallpaper is hanging off in the room, and a fair bit of dust on the ceiling, but I suppose with all the people who stay here, it will get dust. The only thing that was missing in the room was a hairdryer, we didn't check and didn't get back to the room till 9pm, rang down to say hairdryer was missing and they said housekeeping had gone home and won't be back till 7.30am the next morning. Didn't get much sleep due to bottles being thrown into bins at midnight and people shouting…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1005-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"This was a clean and well-placed hotel. Easy walk from Russel Square station, Piccadilly line from Heathrow. British Museum 5 minutes walk and Piccadilly 25 minutes walk. Good for both business and pleasure. No luxury but had a good night sleep                              ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1010-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel great location,"2nd stay at Tavistock and looking forward to returning. Rooms are basic but comfortable. After visiting last year we weren't expecting much from breakfast but were pleasantly surprised and enjoyed it. Staff are friendly and helpful, hotel bar is cheap and welcoming. Only issue we had is being kept awake from the noise from the bowling alley underneath the hotel, we were on the first floor and could hear the music in our room until midnight, cleaners then woke us at 7am in the corridors, doesn't make for great nights sleep!  We had a 3 course meal included for the first night in Jacques bar which was lovely!  The hotel is in a great location, short walk for kings cross. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1010-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Amazing,"The room service was excellent mostly from a person who I met there called Ahmed Chowdhury, every day he would greet me and give Magnificent service, But the reception was really... Really... Really rude",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1010-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but adequate,"This was my third stay all one night and all for business. Very good location, Russell square tube is About five min walk. The staff are helpful and polite. I did have an issue with them not finding my booking despite my having confirmation email although this was resolved quickly and without fuss. The room looked over Tavistock square and is a lovely view. Despite it being in a busy road I found it quiet. Rooms are basic but adequate for the price. Decor is tired and the one thing that would help this hotel is a redecoration. The corridors and lifts are showing a bit of age. The bath is really narrow which was disappointing because a long soak is a luxury after a long day in the office but am unable to get comfy in it. Breakfast is buffet style and most choices are available.…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1010-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",very good  simple but clean room,"we were very disapointed with breakfast.we stayed 4days and evry morning the same story.Toast wos cold,,,bacon,,,egg ,omletsausiges...all cold.even at 7:15 in the morning.bread wos dry.cornflakes and musli...dry..and couldnt eat.on the table we had soalted butter and marmelade(jam).and I asked for normal butter becose we could not eat sweet jam with soalted marmelade,,waitress said that they dont have normal butter so I can use mayonaise---??????realy kind from them,so we had to take our breakfast somwhere else even we payed in the hotel.NOT FRIENDLY PERSONAL:",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1010-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Evening meal,"Three night stay here in April, found the staff very helpful and approachable, restaurant staff very good where we had a free evening meal as part of the deal. I would have no hesitation in staying here again and recommending to others. Very reasonable prices and ample breakfast choices.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1015-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",nice hotel,"good location . the breakfast was great. we stayed 2 nights here and it was pleasant. the hotel service was not too bad, however, the rooms were very basic... no wifi in rooms only in the lobby........",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1015-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Two night stay,"Great location for town and beautiful view of the Square. Room pokey and very basic. No radio channel on the TV, radiator uncontrollable: either too hot or too cold. Breakfast, no croissant and coffee poor.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1015-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Beautiful Bloomsbury,"Another excellent stay at the Tavistock. This is a friendly and very well located city hotel. Wonderful breakfast to set you up for a day of wandering. A real treat this time, we had a room overlooking the square which is beautiful in the Springtime. Despite staying during one of the worst gales this year we slept soundly, I think they must have newer windows on the front. A big thank you to all the lovely staff at the Tavistock.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1015-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What? No internet and 28C in the room?,"This is 2015. Motel 6 in rural America has internet in the rooms. Tavistock Hotel has it only in the lobby, with the user-friendly password #f}%6l10Zs9@lYp  Not kidding. The art deco lobby is attractive and gives an old-timey feel that is convivial, but having no internet and wildly overheated rooms feels a little TOO much like 1930s. Am staying here on business but would be extremely annoyed to have paid good money to stay in a place like this.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1015-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",nice hotel,"I stayed here for one night before a conference nearby, was clean tidy and very comfortable bed breakfast was nice too only downside was the room was very hot and with the window open i found it very noisy as my bedroom was above the extracter fans but all in all a good hotel",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1020-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ideal location,"The hotel was brilliant value for money as we only paid £47 for the night which included a buffet English breakfast in the morning. The hotel was easily accessible from kings cross train station either by tube, walking or taxi. We had a few issues with one of the male receptionists as we were advised over the phone we could check in earlier then usual however this wasn't the case when we got to the hotel, we were eventually allowed to check after making a complaint.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1020-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Handy Location,"Clean, comfortable and centrally located this hotel isn't luxurious but is reasonably priced. We had 2 nights here and had a complimentary 3 course meal (which must be taken on the first night), not gourmet,  but good so we ate there the second night as suited our time limitations to get to a show. Good breakfast, all the staff were polite, friendly and helpful. Nice bar for night cap. Only small soap bars are provided in the bathroom, and one towel each, one coffee sachet and one tea bag supplied each per day, if we were staying longer than 2 nights I would have asked for another towel and one more coffee sachet each but we were out both days so wasn't an issue for us. This is our third visit to this hotel and we haven't been disappointed. Would recommend as reasonably priced…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1020-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good basic hotel,"We stayed at the Tavistock as part of a package deal and this was our third time there. The location is perfect as you are within walking distance of three underground lines,the British museum and other sights as well as lots of places to eat. We knew that the Tavistock is a no frills hotel so we took our own toiletries but the room was warm and comfortable, the shower was powerful and hot and we asked for more towels and got them. The continental breakfast is not great but adequate. The staff are helpful and wifi was available in the lobby.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1020-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",I always stay here,"I have been staying at the Tavistock since 1972. The price is reasonable (for London), the location is superb (Bloomsbury, near British Museum, Kings Cross, St Pancras), easily reached from Heathrow (tube stop at Russell Square a block away - no need to change lines), pub in hotel is OK, most rooms are reasonably large, luggage can be stored for a small fee. On the downside, the continental breakfast is dreary and the English one is overpriced and once we (and several other guests) were robbed of valuables that were in our rooms (an employee did it - she was apprehended but not our cash which was hidden in a book). However, we still went back and will continue to do so, There is a cyber café next door (not related to hotel). Our email account was hacked there a couple years ago…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1020-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Oh dear, what a shame!","Wanted well placed hotel with disabled facilities.  Didn't want luxury, certainly didn't get any! Beautiful Art Deco building. Most staff disinterested. No ramp at front door but little step, so we managed. No ramp ever offered either. Food very poor. Drinks prices reasonable. Bar man miserable. Room good design and space, we had a very large disabled room. Carpet in room dirty throughout stay. Never heard a Hoover whole time we were there. Worst of all, the noise all evening to the small hours was horrendous. A loud continuous base beat that was enough to send you crazy. Bed also rock hard and so were pillows. No way to warm the room if you were cold. Will never go there again!!",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1025-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonably priced and conveniently placed,"This hotel has all one needs though it doesn't go in for fancy bathroom bits - you get soap! The rooms are comfortable, breakfast is plentiful though not imaginative. The bar has reasonable prices. If you want to eat in the Jacques bar you need to reserve a place in advance, but it is possible also to eat in other hotels of the same group nearby.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1025-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You Get What You Pay For,"I chose this hotel because of the location, near King's Cross and not far from the nearest tube station, Russell Square.  The hotel reception is by far the redeeming feature, particularly if you like Art Deco.  The rooms are clean but basic and the English breakfast is no more than reasonable.  Staff were helpful at all times.  All we wanted was a base, bed and breakfast.  We got what we paid for.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1025-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location,"The best thing about this hotel is location. It's a basic hotel in the middle of London. Our room was clean and warm. Breakfast was not good, we skipped it after the first morning. I would stay again for price and location",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1025-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",1930 style Hotel,"Stayed here in July 2014 on a Superbreak deal purely because it was close to Euston. The hotel is run by Romanian staff who speak reasonable English but not always friendly. Check in went smoothly enough and proceeded up the 1930's lift to our room. Hotel corridor carpets had seen better days and so did not have very high expectations for the room. Room itself on 3rd floor facing Tavistock Square had twin beds of reasonable size but very little room to move around the room. Small bathroom with tiny sink and usual toiletries. As it was July needed to have window open and endure the busy traffic junction outside, but had a nice view of Tavistock Square. Full English breakfast was included in our deal which was usual buffet with various choices but not great quality products. On…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1025-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Bad service,"The Hotel is in a very bad condition. It is filthy and the service is bad, seeing as the IHL Group employes just people from foreign countries who can't speak English properly. Very poor experience. I would never recommend this Hotel or any Imperial Hotel Group to anyone.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1030-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Came here - again !!,"I found this hotel to be one of the most central and to a certian extent the cheapest.  This is my second review of this hotel, the other dating back a couple of years.  I stay here everytime i visit London and always had the same service.  What I mean is that it has not improved.  I will keep on going there coz of its location to buses and tube.  Staff dont seem to have any enthusiasm.  The old man with white hair when you enter the breakfast area can occasionally smile .... just a suggestion .... he is so indifferent and cold.  Toiletries are still not made available so you must take your own.  Tea and coffee facilities are available and the room was always cosy.  Occasionally it was too hot and I had to open the window.  and that is saying something in London, in February. …",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1030-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Made up but feeling tired,"After passing the ubiquitous smokers at the front entrance (why do they allow this?) the welcome was efficient, friendly and helpful and the front desk staff were really good at helping us find the right room.  We were allocated a refurbished room.  It didn't feel refurbished unfortunately because the decor was done to complement the era and character of the building rather than brought up to the 21st century.  The fittings, furnishings and everything else were new and fresh it's true, but we couldn't help feeling we were back in the 20's.  The breakfast was ordinary self-service and the coffee was stewed.  Overall we felt it was not good value for money.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1030-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointed,"We have stayed in the Imperial Hotels for a few years now, and in December 2013 I gave 5 stars, today I give it 3.  This was the first time we have taken the In Laws with us, and we have always said ""good value for money"", which they are. But on this occasion, reception and bar staff were rude unhelpful and disinterested, on the other hand the Concierge and staff on a separate desk to reception were very helpful and friendly. Head dining man and staff in restarant were hard working and lovely. We all had full English and was pleased with this, the baked beans and the sausage was of good quality. Plenty of coffee and tea. Didnt look great for the Continental, no fresh fruit etc.  If you are disabled get confirmation you have a disabled room or a room with a shower, because the…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1030-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay - great value,"We spent 2 nights here, very conveniently located a short distance from St Pancras Station. The room was on the small side, but very clean, and nicely decorated.  The bathroom was compact and the towels were rather thin but the shower was very powerful. Other people have commented that the only toiletries provided are small bars of soap, but that's ok if you know! We didn't hear any noise from other rooms and the heating worked very well and could be turned on and off (at the end of the radiator)  Breakfast was fine - cereals, juice, fruit and rolls - unless you wanted to pay the extra £5 for a full English. It was let down though by the tea and coffee which were well stewed as they were ready prepared in jugs.  I took my own t-bags and asked for hot water.   Staff were helpful…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1030-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Small rooms but good value,"Small double room with en suite which just enough room to stand in. Had to change rooms due to plumbing issues. Art Deco design in public areas. Free breakfast, buffet style either continental or full English. Plenty of food and attentive staff, topping up tea and coffee.  Would like better quality, larger towels and better pillows as they had no substance. Good location for travel to West End and Camden and Zsl. Bar area welcoming, always busy, good prices for London. Our offer had free evening meal anywhere in the group, three courses.  To be honest we didn't expect much, we ate in the Wine Bar attached to the hotel., however it was good food.  Reviewed separately.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1040-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Poor customer service,"The hotel refused to supply us with a hot beverage, said they cleaned the machine at 22:30, this was at 23:30, I said we were residence of the hotel but was told so what. Ask for a manager and was told none on duty. What an absolute joke.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1040-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What Wi-Fi?,"Room on 6th floor reasonably quiet even though overlooking busy main road.  Clean, tidy and comfortable. As with most budget hotels a lack of power outlets for charging phone/laptop/e-cig etc.  Only one socket in room to share with kettle.  Make sure to take a mains adaptor.  Otherwise room OK if rather minimalist. Big disapointment, lack of Wi-Fi in bedrooms.  Should state in their blurb that you need to huddle in the foyer to get a signal.  Continental breakfast also a disappointment. Only bread rolls, toast and a couple of cereals to choose from.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1040-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Comfortable clean rooms conveniently situated very near to Euston station,"Just spent two nights at this hotel. The bed was comfortable and the room clean my only complaint being it was so hot. Unfortunately there was no way of turning the heating down. Breakfast was fine with a choice of cooked and continental. Free wifi is available but only the downstairs area and bar, which was a shame as I could have done some work in my room as there was a good desk space in there. Really lovely lady serving hot drinks at breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1040-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A great hotel for a good price,A great hotel which had the feel of Poirot and 1920's feel about it.  Very clean and very attentive staff.  The receptionist could have done with another pair of hands when I arrived as it was busy and its popular with tourists.  The rooms were a bit small but still very clean.  I was at the front of the hotel and unbelievably very quiet at night.  Breakfast was very good with a very good variety and well cooked.  I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1040-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very friendly and helpful people,"The staff were very friendly and helpful.  The meal on the first evening was excellent!  Within easy walking distance of Kings Cross and the West End. Very good selection for breakfast.  The room was small and a little tired but adequate for three nights and very clean. Only soap provided, no toiletries.  We would consider staying again in the future because of the kindness and friendliness of the staff and the convenience of the location.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1045-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel Review,"Good value, decent standard,  comfortable, good location. The porter was considerate and helpful when I fell at the entrance.  Room service cheerful, quick, tasty and good value. Breakfast - when I was here before English breakfast was included in the standard b+b package, so it was disappointing this time  that only continental was included, and a £5 supplement was required for English.               ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1045-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ok but pay a few pounds more and stay at the Imperial,I've stayed here many times. The hotel is v convenient nr Bloomsbury and Euston and is cheap and clean. The breakfast is good enough. The rooms are hot and can be noisy from traffic noise so ask for a room high up if possible. The Imperial is part of the same chain and us just a short walk away. It costs just a little more per night but is worth the extra money.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1045-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel,"8 of us stayed here for the new year ,was very impressed nice pleasant check in .our room was lovely Art Deco style looked like it had been refurbished ,need to take your own toiletries as only soap provided .but did not bother us as we always do .although the hotel was full and it was new year and we were on the first floor expected some noise .but glad to say it was so quite and the whole place was lovely and warm ,we loved the breakfast such a vast choice of everything only thing that let it down was the toast ,bought straight from kitchen and left so limp toast but that's a minor point ,very central for everything nice bar area ,prices not to bad ,loved Covent garden 2stops away on underground which was 5 mnt walk from the hotel ,which we visited on New Years eve can…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1045-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Hit and Miss,"Having stayed here on several occasions my experience has been varied. The hotel has an Art Deco design but unfortunately some of the rooms don't follow this as they are tired and requiring refurbishment. The breakfast is buffet style with a good selection but found that the cold section was limited. Free WiFi is in the reception area only.  The hotel is located within easy reach of Russell Square tube station giving it a good location to visit  London. Within close proximity there are a good selection of Restaurants and bars. Secure parking is next door at their sister hotel, the Royal National which is reasonably priced unless you have a van!",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1045-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Midweek stay,"We have stayed at the Tavistock many times before and chose to return this January as we knew we would have a comfortable and very clean room. the staff are welcoming and friendly, and we always enjoy an excellent breakfast. Easy to get to on a number of buses, we will choose to stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1050-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",cheap but well placed,"Tired, but the price reflects it so you shouldn't expect frills.  It is well placed though, a few minutes from Euston in one direction and Covent Garden in the other.  If you're looking for a value place to stay in a good location then you can't go far wrong",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1050-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Art Deco hotel,We booked a new year break   We got a family room a double and a single bed.  This was L shape and suprisingly large.  We had a good wet room ensuite   The carpark is under the national Royal next door. £17 per day.  We dumped the car for the whole stay as we were 1 mile from the theatres and walking distance from the London eye The breakfast was OK  advise get down early every one arrived for the last hour of service and the restaurant looked like it took 5 sittings to get through all the guests.    The staff were good and even though it was an older hotel.  I can honestly say I will book again  ,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1050-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",FIVE NIGHTS IN LONDON,Our room was on the forth floor and street noises especially those of late night drunken revelers was quite bad. The room was comfortable and clean. Continental breakfast was terrible and management need to go back to the drawing board on this one! Russel Square tube station and the Brunswick Shopping Mall were close by and convenient.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1050-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Deteriorating by the day,"I have visited London on business or leisure some 25-30 times and always stay at a hotel of the Imperial Group, in the Russell Square area. The Imperial Hotel Group is still one of the best priced hotels in London. It is respectable, and enjoys a good area with excellent underground, and bus connections to almost everywhere else in London. This time, my choice was for the Tavistock Hotel, which is one of the group. I must say that, knowing the hotel so well, I was somewhat disappointed this time. The room was shabby and old, and the carpeting smelt musty. The bathroom looked like it has been there since the 60's. I never thought of the Tavistock as a modern or excellent hotel, but this time, I thought the bathroom seemed older than ever. Also, the bath is VERY high, which means…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1050-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great value, great location","Sayed for 2 nights last week. Great location, short walk from Kings Cross Station and close to both Euston Station and Russell Square tube. The hotel has a lovely retro art deco look to it from reception/bar to the bedrooms. The rooms was warm, probably as we were on 7th floor, we even had to sleep with windows open the second night. The room was a fine size, beds were very comfortable, lovely big mirror too. Bathroom was small but very well laid out. Only downside was that the towels had seen better days, not very big and a bit thin. Breakfast in the morning was buffet style for continental and cooked and was more than adequate, however the toast comes out from the kitchen then kept under hot lamps, not ideal.  The staff were functional but lacked personal interactivity.  All…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1055-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for Money,"Stayed for 1 night on 20/12/14. Location very conveniant. 100 yards or so from London Euston train Station, has 3 tube stations within walking distance so you can easily get around London. The room was fine, bit damp by the windows but a great view of the park at the front and was a big room. On Sute bathroom was as expected and for what we paid we were very pleased! Will definately look to stay here every time i stay over in London.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1055-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect location,"We have stayed at the Tavistock many times. The rooms are comfortable and this time we had a view of Tavistock Gardens which is lovely. We like the location being in easy walking distance of Euston Square, Russell Square, or Goodge Street underground stations and within thirty minutes walk of theatreland with the advantage of walking beautiful terraced streets and many garden squares. We discovered the Foundling Museum this time - just a few minutes away and well worth a visit. Breakfast was good apart from the toast which was terrible.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1055-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock hotel - Fair for the cost,"For a central London hotel Tavistock is ok. The hotel has dated retro style decor, but not in a bad state. The hotel is clean. A lot of the hotel staff have many years of experience and still have a pleasant helpful personality. The bar is always filled with people and the bar prices are not expensive. Wifi is only available in the lobby and bar. The rooms are clean and ok, but recommend to bring your own toiletries. Old tV's are limited on channels, but you don't go to London to watch TV.  The best thing about the hotel is the location minutes from Russel Square Station and walking distance to Oxford Street, Convent Gardens, Piccadilly and most attractions. Lots of nice restaurants in the area. Overall, you get the value of what you pay. And will go again.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1055-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap but pretty central,"Been there on new year eve, central position, 5 mins away from two tube stations (Russel Square & Euston). Real estate is pretty old, room clean but really tiny. Breakfast acceptable, staff polite but in fairness didn' t deal much with them. Heating always full steam and the radiator didn' t have any proper kmob but strange taps to activate it. Not realized whether there is any aircon for summertime. What really pissed me off was the lack of room wiFi: free wiFi was only available in the lobby. Unacceptable in 2015 London. Would I come back? Maybe yes if all the above isn' much of an issue for you.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1055-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget-Convenient-Busy-Hot 'n Cold,"Convenient for mainline trains to the North & Midlands in 'safe' Bloomsbury. Expect approx £80 room rate, and good reduction for groups. It's one of Imperial Hotels group which has other large hotels in the vicinity; one of their promotions in autumn was complimentary (your first night's) evening meal at any one of those hotels. That was a nice touch: each hotel has themed dining areas so you can choose Italian/Carvery/Diner etc and stroll around to the respective hotel. It's popular with tourists and especially busy at weekends; so much so that the two lifts (each 7/8 pers. capacity) are congested. At least a room on the 7th or 8th floor virtually guarantees a space and you can smile and apologise as the doors open to disappointed guests at each and every floor down to the…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1060-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Art Deco entrance, Art decay rooms","Following a business trip to London I stayed at this hotel out of convenience based on where my meeting was located. However, big mistake the entrance is very pleasing with original Art Deco features which is rare in such a large hotel but once you reach your room total disappointment. The floor creaked like a scene from Pirates of the Caribbean, their were long dark hairs on the window sill and an interesting feature which I have never seen before a torn carpet stitched, well the word stitched is probably wrong, maybe the right phrase is pulled together with the interesting use of cable ties. If this was 1942 this would probably be called British ingenuity in hard times, unless of course the repair was completed in the 1940's but then that would explain everything else about…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1060-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average minus minus....,Cant say anything beyond avg about this tourist hotel....no wifi in the room...3 pound for keeping lauggage !!!....a very very basic breakfast.....smelly coridors....room is ok....thin blanket for cold weather,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1060-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend get away with husband,Ok for weekend away room very basic breakfast very nice staff pleasant.location of hotel excellent for Covent garden tube station and bus stops. And easy walking distance lounge bar has sky television which was good as my husband wanted to watch his team play so he did not have to go to a pub .,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1060-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Gigantic early twentieth century hotel - good for short visits to central London.,"I have stayed here a few times because of the excellent position, rail and road transport convenience, the price, and, why not, the very filling, but unrefined English breakfast that keeps me going all day. If you have a room that looks on to the inner courtyard, you will sleep very well. It might not be as friendly as the best small hotels opposite St. Pancras, or offer a home-cooked breakfast, but the Tavistock, particularly if you can take advantage of the hotel group's special offers, proves less expensive for a short stay. In my experience, the rooms, beds and bathrooms are fairly spartan but not too small as well as being comfortable and clean; I do like the possibility of having a quick bath rather than a shower. The lengthy and impossible Wi-Fi password defeated me, and…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1060-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good location (but),"we stayed at the Taistock hotel for one night only ,we found the room was ok for the price and the breakfast was good BUT when we got back to the hotel at about 12 at night there was a party going on in the hotel function room which was very noisy and went on until about 3 to 3.30 our room was on the 5th floor and we could still hear it , maybe it was a one off but it would be a good idea to ask at the  reception before you get your room.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1065-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Idfor a weeweekend break,"Went with family and friends (7) for the weekend to see a show. Hotel was pleasant,  friendly staff (one bartender was a bit sour faced), rooms basic but clean. Good location for covent Garden,  Oxford Street,  Leicester Square etc and a 10 minute walk from the train station. Very good breakfast. Would definitely stay here again ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1065-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",OK if you have no choice,"This could be a nice central London Hotel if the management actually managed and the owners spent a little money on it. The decor is old and faded. The rooms and beds are very basic and on this occasion the bedding (a sheet and single blanket from the 1970s by the look of it) was hideous. The blanket had a huge hole in it (photo attached).  The hotel only has WiFi in the reception area (which just isn't acceptable in 2014) and the password is so thoughtless that I have to wonder if it's a deliberate attempt to stop people using it as they can only cope with 3 people at at time. The password, which remember most people are trying to type in on a mobile phone, was #f}%6|10Zs9@|Yp.  What kind of idiot would set a password like that unless is was to the bank vault!  The hotel is £81…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1065-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ideal location,"We recently went to London for a wedding and stayed at this hotel,the room we had was on the small side but was very clean,the deal we got was for 2 nights and included the first nights evening meal from a fairly limited menu but the quality of the food was fine. The costs for bar drinks was very good for Central London as was the selection.  All the main tourist areas are within easy reach. All the staff were very helpful and the room was ready for us when we arrived at midday. The bar and entrance area is amazing with fantastic Art Deco mirrors. It is only 10 min walk to Euston station which is ideal. My wife has stayed there before and had a larger room when she and my daughter stayed in the summer. Breakfast was good and plentiful . Will return when we go down again .",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1065-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Faded elegance,"Entering the lobby I thought I had been transported to the age of Hercule Poirot - such elegance, if a little faded.  The Bar mirrors are amazing and the area very comfortable.  I was on the 4th. floor on the west side (Bedford Way) which was very quiet.  Don't be put off by the worn corridor carpets and the damaged plaster to many of the bedroom doorway architraves - the bedrooms are fine, clean & spacious. Basic bathroom but long, deep bath. Curiously, the electric razor point was by the bedroom mirror & not the bathroom.  Comfortable bed.  Okay breakfast but very ""me too""; however is well managed for such a large turnover of customers. Staff very efficient & friendly.  Location is great for the various University & Hospital venues and lots of cafes/restaurants/pubs around. …",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1065-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but good central hotel,"If you are looking for a basic no frills hotel at an affordable price in central London, then this hotel is for you. The rooms are clean and not small, I would recommend you ask for a room overlooking the pretty tavistock square. The rooms on the lower floors can be a bit noisy at the weekends due to a bowling alley nearby but the ones on the floors higher up are fine. Hairdryer and kettle are available in the room but wi-fi is only available in the lobby of the hotel.  The tube is just a 2 min walk from the hotel. There are also pubs/eating places nearby and a convenience store just below the hotel. I have stayed at this hotel twice and would have no problem booking here again in the future.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1070-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Still our favourite,"Have stayed in the Tavistock now for many years. We always find it clean, comfortable with plenty to do and eat nearby. The breakfast is always fresh and filling. At night the bar is always busy but welcoming, and I still can't believe a large glass of red wine is only £2.80 which is nearly have the price of the wine in my local and the quality is the same.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1070-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ,"It is really well located,  the breakfast leaves a lot to be desired but just around the corner you have the Brunswick centre with Giraffe, YoSushi, Nandos, and a lot of other chain restaurants that will soothe your breakfast needs. I recommend Cafe 41 - delicious and huge sandwiches for a good price. And you get a free fruit!   The hotel is a two star hotel and it is aware of it. Asking for a wine cooler and some glasses to my room was not possible as they have ""a limited amount of glasses in the restaurant"". When asked if I could get them if I ordered a bottle of wine it was still not possible, so if you want roomservice I would advise to bring your own utensils and glasses.  We had a nice room, it's clean and comfortable beds. The service was very varied depending on who was…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1070-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Better than Advertized,"Somewhat understated we really enjoyed this hotel' Yes, the room was small but we had one of the rooms with a bay window which made it pleasant. Room 210 overlooked the park and there was little noise from the road just below. There were tea and coffee making facilities plus a hair drier and free YFi was on all of the ground floor but take a three pin multi-socket as the wall sockets are too close to the worktop to get a USB under a normal plug. Only negative comment is the breakfast which is poor. I've never had a Continental Breakfast which only consisted of toast, cereals, tinned fruit & jam. No cheese, eggs or meats!  This hotel is in the ideal place to see London. We travelled mainly by Bus which is cheap, frequent and you can see London whilst travelling. Many buses go…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1070-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value mid price hotel,"This large hotel was comfortable, the staff were courteous and helpful. The hotel is central for most tourist attractions and suited our needs perfectly. The breakfast left a bit to be desired ie cold scrambled eggs, rubbery sausages, but we left there having had a good nights sleep in comfortable beds and clean surroundings,we would definately recommend it",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1070-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nightclub in the basement,"Only visit this hotel if you're prepared to spend till 3am lying awake from the bass reverberating through your room, as the hotel also runs a very loud nightclub in the basement. How anyone can think running these two businesses side by side is a good idea is beyond me.   If you're lucky,  you might get a couple of hours sleep before you're woken by other guests or the cleaners clattering down the halls, as your room is definitely not soundproof.  Finally,  the free breakfast is prettt much toast or cornflakes,  so if you want something more its £5 thank you very much. ",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1075-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Convenient location, helpful staff, good breakfast, but tired room and lots of noise.","We spent 5 days in this conveniently located hotel. The receptionist was charming, as were all staff we encountered and the reception area is welcoming. Our 6th floor twin room was clean, but small and its decor a bit faded. The bathroom too was small and the narrowness of the bath made it tricky to stand whilst showering. There was however copious very hot water and good water pressure. The hotel was very busy and we waited about 10 minutes some mornings for a table at breakfast. The self service food was good and the staff very efficient and nice in a smiley, chatty way. Sadly the tea, although hot was ""stewed"" every morning. The biggest problem with the hotel was noise. There is a bowling alley next door where very loud music was played and its smoking area was near to the…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1075-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",No wifi in the bedrooms only in lounge area.  Excellent.,"I am sensitive to wifi (electromagnetic hypersensitivity EHS) so do not have wifi on at home but use a wired connection to the internet.  However it is now very difficult to find a hotel that does not have wifi in all the bedrooms.  It took me a couple of hours to discover the Tavistock Hotel. My wife on I stayed the night of Wednesday 10th December.  It was excellent; nice room, full range of food available at breakfast, friendly helpful staff.  We were on the sixth floor.  The hotel was near Euston Station, and University College London Hospital.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1075-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London break,"We stayed at this hotel in December as a party of 4. Although check in is 3pm we arrived at 12.30 to see if we could leave our bags and were told that our rooms were ready so we could use them straight away. As an extra bonus we were given a voucher for a free 3 course meal in the wine bar for that evening. The meal was very good with large portions. The room was very clean and comfortable and we slept well except for the last night when there must have been a party as the music kept us awake until 3am.Although it was stated that a hair dryer would have to be hired there was one in the room. The breakfast was very good, the only criticism was that the continental breakfast was poor. All the staff that we met were very friendly. We would stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1075-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Everything fine except really very unfriendly reception staff,"I stayed here December 2014 to attend a course the next day. Just needed a bed for the night and that was adequately provided - room comfortable and well appointed, no complaints there. However, I was left feeling pretty shaken by the manner of the reception staff when I arrived and when I left. I often read negative reviews of hotels that seem extreme and I don't want this to be one of those. I am quite easily pleased really when it comes to hotels and don't expect some subservient bowing person to treat me like royalty when I arrive. However, my experience at this hotel was something else. Be warned that you have to have a hard copy of your hotel confirmation on you or you will not be checked in. I must have missed this in the small print and only had the confirmation on my…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1075-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic hotel budget price good for central london,"upon arrival we parked in the underground car park of the sister hotel a short distance from the Tavistock £17 for 24 hours secure parking. The reception at the Tavistock was welcoming and helpful.our room was basic,quite small and although basic,it was tidy and clean. don't expect plush! on suite facitities. we asked for a room overlooking the gardens,for the best view. The heating in the room was more than adequate, infact in December we had to open a window.The staff are polite and helpful, even when fully booked. Breakfast is free and although a buffet style well stocked breakfast,not the best quality but reasonable. no brown bread though, and the coffee was nasty. I guess what you pay for, and what we got was well worth the budget price for this central London hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1080-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Girls w/e,Good value with well decorated rooms. Everything needed for the stay was in the room. loads of hot water for a bath. Breakfast was good but would have been nice to have yogurt and fresh fruit .Good trip!               ,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1080-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice and quiet,"We once again had a good stay at the Tavistock.  Quiet room overlooking the square.  15 minutes walk from Kings Cross.  Very convenient for sightseeing.  Prices in the bar very reasonable.  Staff very courteous.  Breakfast adequate, however they do need to warm the plates.  We shall stay here again on our next visit.  Having stayed in some high priced hotels in London this hotel is excellent value for money.  Don't go to the chinese restaurant near by, the food was too salty and the curry was unpleasant.  We had scampi and chips and a pint of beer at the Imperial, which was a good choice if you are on a budget.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1080-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Trip to London,"I have stayed manyntimes at the Tavistock Hotel, ideal for me coming into Euston station, less than 10min walk. Bus routes very goood. My room was over the front door (114) over looking Tavistock Sq, but it wasnt noisy, bathroom with very good shower,seperate toilet which you dont normally get.All in all a very enjoyable stay, with very friendly staff.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1080-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An economical choice,"The hotel is an economical choice, the rooms are a little small and the bathroom is the same. The decor is a little dated and some parts of the hotel more worn, but there's absolutely nothing wrong with it. It's in a great location just off a lovely square.  I stayed for two nights when in London for work. The deal through the imperial hotels website was dinner bed & breakfast for the first night then b&b on the second. I called the day before travelling and asked for a quiet room. On check in I was allocated 731, this was on the seventh floor on the south west wing overlooking Bedford Way. I was a bit worried when I could hear laughter from the next room, but after 2130 there was no noise and the sleep was reasonable.  The shower in the bathroom is nice and powerful and there…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1080-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great value,We have used this more times than I care to remember the lobby staff  know every bus route and are so helpful nothing is to much bother and no hand out looking for a tip breakfast the gentleman on the door of the dinning room  remembers you from your last visit must have been there when the hotel was built what a selection of things to eat even  smoked haddock don't take that off thanks staff at the tavistock.  have in the wine bar excelent,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1085-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Very well located, great staff and good value for money","The Tavistock Hotel was recommended to us by a friend and we've stayed here several times recently for business and leisure.  The hotel is very well located within walking distance of Euston and just around the corner from Russell Square tube.  Rooms are pretty basic/standard but in generally good nick and seem to be being refurbished from the ground floor up and offer very good value for money.  Staff are all great, self-service brekky is fine and plentiful and we'll certainly stay again.  Only cons are the main lifts can be a little snug, so they can get quite busy during peak hours and the smell of fish cooked for breakfast which travels up the lift shafts in the morning... Rooms can be a bit of a lottery in terms of size and decor/refurb (see above).",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1085-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent service & value for money,"I have used the Tavistock Hotel regularly since my first trip to London in 1967! Nearly 50 years on and several refurbishments the hotel has maintained its high standards of accommodation, services and a great English Breakfast. Tavistock Square is walking distance from Euston Station and is a hub for most bus routes throughout London, so the hotel is ideally placed for business commuting or tourist travel. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1085-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",cheap and cheerful,"Overnight stop in the Tavistock on a little trip to London. So close to Euston, and at £100 odd a night for a twin room it was cheaper than many travel lodges. Easy to find. Great staff. Clean and serviceable. Old fashioned, and not too generous in the toiletries, teabags etc, but had everything we needed. Our room was on the 2nd floor above the bowling alley underneath and there was loud music playing till the small hours that meant I was glad of my ear plugs. My parents have stayed before and said it's no where near as bad in different parts of the hotel and doesn't always go on too long. Breakfast was included and despite queues (which the staff warned us of) was perfectly acceptable. The coffee was pretty awful though! Stored our bags for the day and they only charged us 50p…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1085-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very Clean,"An old fashioned hotel but the staff here are extremely helpful and polite, the room was spotless as was bathroom. The towels were small and only one thin one each and the tea and coffee came in pre packed plastic wrappers so only one each of them slightly annoying as we didnt want the coffee. The beds are a little hard but thats probably fine for most people. No wifi unless in lobby  the breakfast queue for tables very long but the food basic but good and plentiful. real downside is the noise despite requesting quiet room had a back facing one on 5th floor over looking noisy part with generators and the back of alley for carpark and another place maybe bowling alley also music pumping out from basement till 3,3o am sunday and even with earplugs couldnt sleep. overall though for…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1085-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Comments,"I was quite pleased with my stay at Tavistock. The hotel is comfortable and the service not to bad. When staying at Tavistock you have an easy access to all the spots you would want to visit. Then the price is rather reasonable. I made the reservation through GALA HOTELS and not for the first time, which shows that I´m pleased with the services.               ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1090-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good central location, reasonable price","This is a moderately priced hotel close to Euston, St Pancras, several of the university colleges, Russell Square and the British Museum. it is pleasantly located on the attractive Tavistock Square (gardens) and a short walk from Russell Square tube station (nb access to the platforms there is via a lift so this can lead to delays at peak times). It is a large hotel - 7 floors - run by the Imperial chain. Prices start from £81 including a decent English breakfast (no frills but plenty of cereal, juice, tea or coffee, eggs, bacon, sausages, beans, toast, rolls etc). The ambience is pleasant and clean - an art deco feel to the rooms and public areas. Staff were pleasant and efficient. Room was comfortable and spacious, TV (included foreign channels), bath (really hot water too!),…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1090-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for central London,"Good value for central London. Had all standard amenities, Clean, efficient, no fuss. Nice leafy location. Annoyingly only two teabags and two milk sachets. Fixed shower a minor irritant. Wifi only in the lobby.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1090-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Clean, pleasant staff, basic amenities","This is a huge hotel, but there was no queueing at Reception or breakfast, and staff were all pleasant and helpful.  Our room (No.250) was the quietest hotel room I've ever stayed in, and was spotlessly clean; the only down side was the overpowering smell of disinfectant.  Amenities in the room were basic (no shampoo, shower cap, etc., just tiny soap bars helpfully labelled SOAP).  Breakfast had all basic offerings, although the continental selection looked limited.  The location of the hotel is excellent for sight seeing and theatres;  it's right on London bus tour routes.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1090-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing!,"We visited this hotel with friends and we did not book it, we were a party of 18 and the hotel was chosen for location and price.  Personally I would have paid more for somewhere nicer like The Russell over the road.  Walked in and seemed nice, close to Euston station and main amenities though when we went to our room it was old fashioned, twin beds and a very dated look with scratched wallpaper and a very tired looking bathroom though the shower itself looked great.  The whole place is in need of a refurb, the bar is good and very well priced but feel that this is the only positive.  The breakfast was buffet style with loads of choice though very cheap.  Another thing, I had to pay a deposit to borrow a hairdryer from the hotel that a) should have been in the room and b) needs…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1090-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Evident contrasts,"The hotel is full of contrasts. On the one hand the hotel management tries to present classical hotel culture with all the standard hotel services, but in fact it is illusion. First of all, the hotel is inappropriate for business and sightseeing purposes, too. Why? Because of absent wifi service in the rooms and not reliable internet connection in the lobby. Even not for additional charge. Not mention the business agenda, but  you need the working internet for planning of the trips, too. Crowds of people are gathering in the lobby for this, it is really absurd, when taking into consideration, that you are in the heart of London in the 21st century... Breakfast is the weak point, too. You can eat porridge or the English breakfast. Unfortunately we stayed for one week and we felt…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1095-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A week in London Town. ,"We chose this hotel for a short break following our daughters November wedding. One of the reasons was the proximity to Kings Cross, it's an easy 10 min walk from the station.  Checking in was simple and fast, we were given a voucher for a free evening meal in one of several restaurants, affiliated to Imperial Hotels, the chain that run the Tavistock. This was a nice gesture, and unexpected.  Our room on the 7th floor was easy enough to find, the lay out was good, I particularly liked the idea of the loo and the bathroom being separate. Linen was clean and changed every day, as were the towels. The bed was very much firmer than I am used to but hotel beds tend to be firm. Our room overlooked Woburn Place, and opposite a huge student residency, don't let that put you off though.…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1095-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock review by Andy and Lorraine,"Recently spent a weekend at the Tavistock hotel, a lovely old hotel with bags of character and loads of lovely art deco features. The lobby and dining room especially which are lovely. The staff are really nice and very helpful. The breakfast was a buffet self service, and had everything you would expect from full English breakfast all of a good quality. Only grumble was the bedrooms too hot, even though no heating on, and the bed very soft and bouncy. The hotel is located in a great position and easy to find with ample parking at the sister hotel the Royal National just around the corner. This was only £17 per 24 hours. The Russell square tube station is just down the road with easy access on the Piccadilly line to the center of London, which is a couple of stops away. Overall…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1095-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Okay for a short visit to London,"The Tavistock Hotel is situated in a good area of London for tourists.My wife and I stayed for two nights this week while we went to see two shows.Checking in was swift and easy our room was neat and tidy.the towels in the bathroom were thin and small,the shower head was fixed and when the shower was turned on the spray hit the bathroom door.The bottom of the bathroom door was damp due to the bad positioning of the shower head.Draughts came through the bedroom window caused by bad fittings plus the noise from the street traffic would make us ask for another room which was not on the main road should we use this hotel again.Breakfast was self service in a large room this was well organised by the hotel staff who found seats for guests.  ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1095-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistok Hotel/London,"Lobby and dinning room are very nice. Service is good. Rooms are quite modest, no shampoo and it was strange.... Space in the room is good, old TV. You sould choose high floor as the stteet below is quite noisy. Excellent location, direct train from Heathrow to the hotel!  Very convinient by tube to any location. No WI-FI in the rooms!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1095-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Impression,"Overall the hotel is great, well situated near the public transports Russel Square underground and some buses that will take you to the center of London.   The staffs are hospitable, very friendly and well accommodating.   I will recommend this hotel for travellers (families, friends, business and couples) who want to visit London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfectly adequate,"Stayed for two nights. The hotel is situated on Tavistock Square, with Euston and St Pancras stations close by. The hotel is care worn, but generally clean. Rooms smallish, although come with tea/coffee making facilities. Double bed small, and only bar of soap in bathroom. Breakfast very average. Staff courteous.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Far far too hot and small,"Central location, but very very small rooms with basic comforts. Very small double bed. Heating on full  blast and unable to have window open due to street noise. Very long queues for breakfast, which was chaotic and unappetising.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"This hotel was clean, and we found the staff friendly and helpful. The bed although a double was a little small and the room could do with being updated. However it was clean and the shower was powerful. Breakfast was o.k. however for us the hotel was in a good location and for what we paid I can't complain.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonably priced clean hotel,When going to London I need a hotel where I can sleep for the night in a clean room. And there should be a shower. Not too much noise in the street because I prefer to have the window open during my sleep. Tavistock gives all of this. And on top of that a free breakfast where it is possible to choose between continental or English. No internet in the rooms but free wifi in the lobby. And I never found the stairs to go down. Used the elevator though it was sometimes a little crowded and with a little waitingtime. 5 minutes walking distance to Russel Square Underground and the Picadilly Line. Which means easy access both Heathrow Airport or the whole London City. My room was towards the street and Square. Would recommand the hotel.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1100-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Value,"Thinking about the price you pay and the location, this hotel offers fantastic value for money.  It is a little dated and busy, but rooms are clean, yet basic.  Breakfast will fill you up for the day and drinks in the bar are very reasonable.  Some good deals if you book direct with Imperial Hotels.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great second stay,"I booked this hotel as I was on a course in central London, and I found the ""Let's Go Weekend"" offer via the website - £130 for 2 nights, bed & breakfast (full english/choice of cereals) & dinner (both nights - 3 courses) & a ""cocktail"" on arrival. £65 for a night in a central London hotel with both major meals is a brilliant deal. Having stayed at the Tavistock before - in 2006 - I knew that the room would be basic, but it was for sleeping in and the convenient location that made me look again. Last time, my room had been next to the lift, and all night I'd been disturbed by the clonking of the doors, the ping when it reached the floor and the noise from people exiting / waiting to get in the lift. This time, I emailed and asked for a room on a higher floor, away from the lift,…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very convenient Hotel,"Very convenient Hotel for British Museum and Central London. Good local Transport. Comfortable Hotel. Clean, Breakfast adequate, not a lot of choice. Only soap provided for shower. Wi Fi in Lobby and Bar, no charge. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"have stayed in many London hotels  booked this at short notice for convenience   Room tired but clean, room like U S  walk in.  Breakfast great Ok for 1-2 nights. No more for me Good value for money in London, not anywhere else At 120 per night with good breakfast and a dinner offer I suggest you could do worse",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not a bad hotel,Overall not a bad hotel. Clean and well located. Rooms a little on the small side .We were on the inside of the hotel overlooking the Fans and incidentally smelling the food. Breakfast was OK but not as good as some.  If you are looking to stay here then get a room on the outside of the Hotel away from the fans.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1105-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Okay, nothing special. ","Staff are friendly and pleasant :)  Rooms are standard, comfy bed, lots of space in the double room, good shower.  Breakfast was a let down, my partner and I love a good breakfast, but wasn't nice at all, so we stuck to cereal and toast for the two days. ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Way too hot!!!,"Location is excellent and the room is very clean. The pros stop here (even though in Central London they are not to be overlooked). The heat was on and since it was that cold outside, the room but the common areas as well were steaming! I ended up sleeping on the bed (as opposed to IN the bed) with the windows cracked open as much as they'd go. There's no internet connection in the rooms and the wifi in the lobby is awful (I was never able to log on). There's no shower gel or shampoo, the tv is as old as you can probably still find in 2014 with just a few channels. Forget breakfast if you don't have a couple of spare hours... They do try as I was given a free dinner voucher which I never used since I was not thrilled by their restaurants. Overall I do not think I would stay here…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",perfectly adequate for the price,"Getting a half decent hotel in central London at a reasonable price is difficult enough but I have had many satisfactory stays here over the years. Paid about 81 pounds per  night booking directly with the hotel on the internet including breakfast. Rooms are small, modern, clean and perfectally adequately furnished in modern style having tea and coffee making facilities. Small but well designed and fitted bathroom complete with bathtub. Toileteries are confined to a couple of bars of soap and there is no safe. Rooms on the inside of the building appear to be quieter. Breakfasts would win no prizes but are adequate enough with a choice of tinned preserved fruit, cereals,juices and eggs, bacon sausage and beans and tinned tomatoes. Coffee is waiter service and hence usually is…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Review by Ian,"The hotel is located close to Russell Square Tube Station & within walking distance of Euston Main Line giving easy access to all points. Very good reception & porter service, buffet breakfast is v/good, the lounge bar & Jaques wine bar, especially the latter for food are excellent.  Unfortunately the rooms are cramped and have basic facilities, definitely not 'Vegas' style plus the inside ones are noisy due to the kitchen extract fans.  Oh and at the front of the hotel there is a basement night club which produces noise.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget Hotel in good location.,"Ok it's not the Ritz, but as the saying goes 'you get what you pay for'. In this respect we found it to be great value for what we paid. We requested a quiet room on a high floor, which is exactly what we got. The room was a good size with a decent size bathroom, okay it's true there was no shower gel or shampoo but we didn't expect it and took our own. Our towels were changed each day. Breakfast was pretty average but we found all the staff throughout the hotel pleasant and helpful. The location is ideal for transport to the various attractions. We would have no hesitation in returning here. Finally it's only a short walk to Kings Cross if you are travelling by train.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1110-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Greta location but poor in every other respect,Great location.  But rooms are small and poorly equipped eg: no shower gel or shampoo; squeaky floor boards; slow lifts; old TV; limited tea/coffee facilities. Breakfast is appalling: poor system; cramped; tables too close to each other; staff impolite; soggy cold toast; greasy hot food;  limited choices; no marmite!,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Close to all Central London,"Great place to stay very central and good feel about the place. Busy hotel great value. Rooms basic but comfortable small bathroom but in central London its a gem. Breakfast great no lack of food here. plenty of restaurants and pubs about, walk east on Tavistock Road for laundry, pubs and Waitrose supermarket not far. Buses into town and Hop On Hop Off Bus around the corner too and the Tube is 5 minutes away at Russell Sq. We walked to British Museum and Bloomsbury all over inner north. Staff were great, Tour desk as well and the bar was very good. Fake 1950's Art Deco inside but looks good. Definitely worth it",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",not bad,No shower gel and no shampoo. No fan in a bathroom so after a bath long time fog on a mirror and unfortunately mould on ceiling. Cold night but radiators heat day time😨A bit noisy night time but not dramatically. ,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good accommodation, good location - bit hot!!","Stayed here on a super breaks trip for two nights.  Requested and got a room on a high floor as recommended by other reviewers.  Room good, clean and basic, it was only for sleeping in after all.  Breakfast good and efficient, reception helpful and bar cheap compared to others in London.  Yes the hotel does have a whiff  of the haddock from the breakfast room in a morning, but its gone by afternoon.  Our only issues were the grotty cup of tea at breakfast and the excessive heat in the room which was unbearable at times - although the staff did bring us a fan which did help.    Excellent location, handy for Euston or Russel Square tube station. Bags can be left if required - nominal charge of £1.  Don't believe all the lousy reports - its fine for a short break.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",do not book this hotel,I booked this hotel online as i looked at the photos. The photos look nothing like what the hotel is like.Best to avoid this hotel.  Rooms are awful. Other reviews have stated the same about this hotel. The owners should be more honest and should spend some money to reburbish this hotel. I was very disappointed and walked out to stay in another hotel.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1115-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Excellent location, pleasant hotel","We stayed here as a family and couldn't have asked for a better base for a short break to London. It is 10 minutes walk (5 if you don't have to walk at the pace of 6 year old!) from Russell square tube and 15 minutes walk from kings cross. The rooms were smaller than more modern hotels, but perfectly adequate, clean and comfortable.  The room was hot but I have rarely stayed in any hotel room that wasn't bordering on being a sauna. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and breakfast was tasty and fresh, with plenty of staff to hand to offer refills of your tea/coffee.  We went on a ""super break"" deal so we had a 3 course meal each on the first night thrown in, but had the choice of several places to eat in any of the restaurants in the hotel chain.  We opted for Poppadom…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed for 2 nights hotel is well placed for Euston and Russell sq tube , the staff are polite and helpful and the rooms are clean . The breakfast is good although it could be hotter there is plenty to have . The hotel is very hot we had to leave the windows open all day  and a bit at night and only needed a sheet to sleep. For what we paid on a hotel rail deal I was satisfied and would return again .",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Run-down over-priced hotel,"Hotel is walking distance from central London, but is overpriced and run down. Staff were impersonal, buffet breakfast was a let down (not very fresh or hot). The rooms are small - with 2 suitcases we could barely move - and in need of renovation, especially the carpets. The bathroom was functional but should have been replaced 20 years ago. No wifi in the rooms.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Impersonal,I've stayed at this hotel a few times and thought it was OK although it is quite large and impersonal. There's nothing special about it but it's usually quite reasonably priced and it's only a short walk to the nearest tube station.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worst hotel on earth!!!,"Stayed at this hotel for two weeks....endured actually. Stinks of fish from the moment you walk through their doors (thanks to haddock on the daily breakfast menu + wall to wall carpet + poor hygiene); I felt like retching all the time. Poor breakfast, no wifi in the rooms (yes, despite the hefty fees - now I learnt there are cheaper hotels with full wifi around) so had to use wifi in the reception area where you inhale secondary smoke from folks smoking just outside and lack privacy/ silence as you make calls. Reception staff are cold and indifferent - they refused to frameshift my stay by a day because my dates had been erroneously written so I had to pay an extra night and when we asked if they could sort out the secondary smoking issue, one of the concierges menacingly…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1120-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Way to over-priced,"As hotels go the better comfortable enough, it's kept clean, the rooms were reasonably quiet but that's pretty much where the positives end. The hotel is well overdue a refurb, the carpets are worn and the general decor is just faded and past its best. The main negative is the price! Given the Tavistock's state and features I'd expect this to be priced at around £55 to £70 a night - not the £110+ they charge. You wouldn't want to spend any time in the hotel other than when you're sleeping and having a wash. There's no WiFi in the rooms, the in room TVs are old fashioned CRTs (as opposed to the more up to date thin LCD type), the cooked breakfast's are worth avoiding. Generally the a stay in the hotel just isn't worth what they are charging! ",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Just the job for a weekend break,"Have stayed at this hotel a number of times, usually booking direct with the hotel, but this time through gala for a great deal less.  Hotel itself is dated, but rooms, whilst small, are clean and adequate. Breakfast is a little chaotic at busy times but always plenty of food. Bar staff pretty miserable, but drink not overpriced as in some places, other hotel staff pleasant.  Only complaint was the heating.......the rooms and public areas were so hot ( stayed mid October so not a heatwave!) had to have windows open most of the time, so they must waste a fortune in trying to heat London.  Area around hotel is nice, easy walk from Euston and plenty of bus and tube stops nearby. Only 25 mins walk into Covent garden, so very well positioned.  ",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",As usual,"I have stayed here several times and it never really changes. I also tried the President Hotel this time which was variable. The room in the Tavistock was 440, not bad, had a hairdryer, very good shower, quiet. Not most recently refurbished but fine. The staff were very good, except one of the concierge who told me the wrong tube station, but a minor point. The staff seem to have been here for ever especially in the dining room. The breakfast is fine not excellent but this isn't a 5 star hotel. I  booked a Go Weekend deal which was excellent value with dinner included, it was very good and the restaurant in the Tavistock is much better than the President. As usual the room was hot, and still no safe boxes in the room but if you know about this it's not a big issue. There really…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",have an excellent stay in Bloomsbury,"Tavistock Hotel in Tavistock square in London is an old knowledge: the first time I chose it for its location, then for other qualities; the service is excellent, the rooms are clean and you can have a good continental/english breakfast. A little inconvenience is the wifi access in the hall only. ",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",smelly run down but centrally sited,"Average price centrally located hotel. Reeks of fish from the breakfast smoked haddock all day long. Good breakfast, helpful staff. Beer not much choice and expensive. Lifts very slow. Ask for a first floor room and walk. Single beds small and a bit hard.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1125-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worst esperience ever! ,"We stayed here for one week. It was the worst experience ever! My cousin is a celiac and we asked for a gluten-free breakfast before leaving for London. Obviously, they pretended not to know about this, and EVERYBODY was rude and unpleasant. Our room was dirty (we even found an animal), small and, instead of three beds, we had two bed and a camp-bed. The shower was broken, so we called the reception and asked for help. The man who came told me: ""If you close the faucet, the water won't come out!"". How was I supposed to shower, then? They changed us the room, and it was a little better. The breakfast was terrible, though: my celiac cousin couldn’t eat anything: her bread was contaminated with gluten. London is great, but this hotel definitely isn't. ",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Simple hotel in London,"In a city where hotel accomodations are ridiculously expensive, this hotel provides good lodging at a reasonable price.  The employees were very attentive and the location was close to the museum and other spots that you would want to explore.  We walked around the city from this point and while there was plenty of walking, we thought the hotel we centrally located enough to come back.  Good value for money.  Rooms were comfortable, clean and all you would want in a budget hotel.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice Hotel,"Just returned from a 3 night break in London.  We were initially put off by some negative reviews we had read, however we were really delighted with this hotel. Check in was easy, and we were allocated a room on the 7th floor.  Room was lovely, clean and everything we wanted.  I would agree with previous reviews that room was very warm, however our windows opened wide and therefore it was not a problem.  We did not have to wait for a table any morning at breakfast, and we found the breakfast to be excellent.  Staff on reception were very helpful in assisting with directions etc for visits.  We would definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",second stay at tavistock,"This is the second time we have stayed the tavistock hotel.We stayed for five days in September while a family member was in Hospital. We complained of the noise coming into our room the  first night we were there and we were immediately moved to a nice quiet room on the seventh floor.  Breakfast is very  good with everything your would expect of a full breakfast. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean,well appointed although the TV channels left much to be desired. I would recommend this hotel for a short break.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fab hotel,This was the second time I stayed at this hotel its a very friendly hotel spotlessly clean food good . It's a stones throw away from the underground bus top just round the corner . Looking forward for my next stay .,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1130-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tired,Good location and price for London but very basic.  Like an earlier review the rooms were extremely hot and the tv didn't work. No hair dryer and only 2 hangers.  Didn't expect much in London for £117 however I did expect a working tv set with a back on the remote control.   ,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, excellent location","Good value, excellent location. Fairly basic, but clean and good service which represents good value. I have stayed here many times whilst in London and would recommend for the budget conscious. Close to Russell Square tube station and Kings Cross.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock 15/16 October,"I have stayed at this hotel a number of times and will do so again; I have been generally satisfied. It delivers exactly what it offers: a comfortable 3-star hotel centrally placed for main railway stations and, in my opinion, good value for money. A minor housekeeping problem was dealt with quickly and efficiently. The room was hot, there was no clear way of reducing the heat and the window barely opened; as the room was on the top floor this may have been to reduce risk of suicide and the results of storm. Breakfast was good, but breakfast room crowded.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very average,"Stayed here for 2 nights.  Was meant to be bed and breakfast with dunner proved on first night.   No dinner was forth coming - apparently not part of our deal anymore despite what paperwork says. However given how average breakfast was I'm not sure that we would have eanted it.  Breakfast itself was very average with very limited choice. Only a couple of cereals available. Cooked breakfast was also limited and the tiast was soggy before putting spread on it, not hot and crispy as most people would like.  The rooms were far too hot even though radiators appeared to be cold to touch.  Couldn't open the windows overnight due to the noise from the generators etc. The one good thing about the hotel was it was fairly central. Oxford street approximately 10/15 mins walk. The hotel is…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",“Excellent Hotel in great area”,"I have been to London a couple of times now and I was in the Tavistock 3 times now. The Tavistock hotel is one of the best places to stay if you are there for business. The location is great - shopping centers and restaurants are in walking distance.With a centrally apt location, this beautifully designed hotel is the answer to all categories of travelers. Rooms are spacious and very well maintained. From lip-smacking food spreads to their restaurant, its a perfect destination to relax in spite of being amidst the busy city of London, We would highly recommend the Tavistock hotel.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1135-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Location,"5min walk to Russell Square Tube Station with food restaurant while walking towards it, walking distance of 5min to Euston Station. 5min walk to British Museum and 10min walk to Oxford Street.  The room and bathroom was big but no WIfi inside the room, Wifi only available at the lobby area  Check-out during breakfast time and it need £0.5 per luggage for a short 15min at their counter (i would rather put inside my room if i knew that earlier; i can't understand why check-in was free while check-out need a charge for this simple services)  The breakfast was terrible, with only toast+jam,cereal+milk and coffee/tea for the complimentary breakfsat. As i'm rushing for time and having a fast breakfast with toast bread,egg,sausage,bacon (the only choices on the table) but only realise…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",seen better days,"Firstly, let me say that the location and price is good for London.  The beds had springs sticking up out of them and need replacing.  The continental breakfast is included and pretty basic with toasted white bread.  For a 5 pound upgrade, you can have the full English breakfast (not worth the extra cost).  There is free wifi in the lobby.  Reasonably priced restaurants are nearby.  The British Museum is a 10 minute walk away.  Grocery stores are in the area.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Adequate ,"Good location but not a hotel I'd  visit again. Very  basic , rooms were so hot  we could  barely breathe and this was in October!!. Bathroom was tiny, rubbish shower which soaked the room. Tap on the sink flooded the side every time you turned it on. Lumpy bed and a tiny TV.  It was clean though which was about the only saving grace. Breakfast was dire. So although cheap I'd  personally prefer to pay a bit more and get a better hotel",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good location, shame about the breakfast!","As with the rest of the Imperial group hotels I've stayed in, this hotel is clean, efficient and is located in a great part of London. The downside, again like the rest of the group,  is the dated feel of the rooms and the breakfast which are truly awful. Just eat the cereal and avoid the rest.  Value for money overall is good as long as you think of it as 'room only'. For food use the nearby pubs, cafes and restaurants, of which there are plenty.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient location,"The hotel is conveniently located close to the British Museum and to the main London train and tube stations. The hotel itself is clean (for British standards) and faces a small park. Nothing fancy, though. Rich breakfast buffet and lots of dining options available in the surroundings. In my opinion, the main downside is that no internet connection is available in the rooms (not even via cable or upon payment). The only connection available is in the main lobby, and even that is shaky and malfunctioning (st hand experience!).  I think that, for an hotel in the very center of London, not so cheap and with many people staying for work purposes, this is a big flaw that needs to be fixed.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1140-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",No frills but great value,"As a base for a visit to central London,the Tavistock is in a great location,close to the British Museum,the West End, and even the City. The hotel is opposite Tavistock Square and is fairly busy,but in central London,it is hard to find quiet! The hotel is large,uninspiring,efficient,clean and the staff friendly.Our room was on the fifth floor at the side,clean small but adequate,the bathroom was fine and the shower worked well. The breakfast was ok but no more.Overall, you get what you pay for,if you want luxury,you will have pay much more,the Tavistock is a good budget choice.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Returning from Berlin,Being a cash concious traveller i was coming back on a later train from berlin  so I booked in at the Tavistock when i got there found reception very efficient and helpfull checking in had a breakfast which was plentyfull and well prepaired also only paid 3.20 for a pint of London Pride my favourite beer bonus.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Theatre Break ,"Basic functional hotel in nice area , rooms functional , with ours evening meal included on first night healthy portions nothing special however . Breakfast is a somber affair from 7till10 staff pleasant however . Good location for theatreland and site seeing on the edge of London Uni campus quite area however ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good basic hotel,"Booking this room was very difficult. Website error, followed by ""central booking office"" being closed for the day, so had to phone back the next day.  The room on the 8th floor with a UK-size double bed (hardly sufficient for two people) was small, but had enough space for small bags. Open clothes rail (no wardrobe). It did get quite warm during the night - windows open only a tiny slit wide. The most troublesome was a constant fairly loud noise from presumably an air con fan several floors down.   Very clean and probably recently refurbished bathroom. Shower with fixed shower head only.  Good selection of cooked breakfast. Just about drinkable coffee served at the table.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good value for money,"This hotel is a bit tired and run down, but clean rooms and good staff. The included breakfast is also very good. Russel square and euston tube station on your doorstep. Due to personal reasons I had to check out a day early, I dident even or expect a refund but was offered one for the night I couldent stay. Thank you for that.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1145-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value in the heart of London,"Lovely clean rooms,cleaned everyday. Brilliant buffet breakfast. Easy walking distance to Russell Square Tube,British Museum and Covent Garden and Euston,St Pancras and Kings Cross stations. Will definately stay there again!",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very bad expericence,In May we visited a Gala Hotel in Paris which was very good. That is why we decided to book the hotel you recommended on your site for London. This was a waste of money. At entering the hotel it was immediately clear that his was of another order. Everything in the Hotel was dirty. On every level used sheets lay on the floor!! They used the vacummclaener at least a year ago. Also in the bathroom. Breakfast was terrible .  ,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Getting a bit better,This was our third stay in two years at the Tavistock and yes we are particular where we stay but it's not so bad! The staff at reception and housekeeping staff have improved even quite pleasant compared to our previous visits. We had requested a room facing front but did not happen not sure what one has to do to achieve this. Room is basic but clean been to posher places where they don't change linen and towels everyday Please Oh Please do something about the heating in the rooms far too warm when getting ready to go out for the evening my wife struggled to put on her makeup it was running before she had finished. Still same choice for breakfast but it set us up for the day.  Unlike previous reviewer our TV worked fine no you don't get all cable channels but your not in London…,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location location,"I've been staying at this hotel on and off for 20 years. The main reason is the location and the price. It's really handy for Kings Cross and Euston stations and is within walking distance (just) of Covent Garden and Soho. It's the kind of place to stay if you're more interested in the time you spend out of the hotel. (I wouldn't stay here if I wanted a comfortable stay in London.) The rooms are very basic and while the staff are usually friendly, you don't feel very welcome. As other reviewers have noted, there's only wi-fi in the lobby. The breakfast is best avoided and hasn't changed in 20 years (actually it's got worse!). But in spite of all its faults, I still have a soft spot for the hotel. Maybe it's because I've been staying here for so long and they've never noticed!…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Where to begin...,"I'm writing this from the lobby of the hotel.  Do you know why?  Because there is no wifi in any of the rooms.  Judging from the rooms, this used to be a retirement home.  My first clue was the string hanging from both the toilet and the bed, which I thought was used to turn on/off the lights.  Turns out it's to contact security in case you've fallen and can't get up.  The reception at the hotel was from a lovely gentleman who clearly had better things to do with his time, and even before I've stayed my first night, I'm considering sleeping under the London bridge.  There are a lot of people here, so it must be popular for some reason... my guess is people checking for themselves at the poor condition of the hotel.  Would it hurt to have a working TV in the room?",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1150-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","No frills basic Hotel, well located with bar and restaurant","One of my favorite areas to stay in London is Bloomsbury and the Tavistock Hotel stands there in somewhated dated decor with a very nice opening onto Russel park. Lovely Lobby and it's close to the underground (Russel Square-Picadilly line). Its fairly inexpensive, clean and comfortable and has good plumbing to boot. It has a full restaurant on premises that is not bad, with an outside terrace. It also has a Bar off the Lobby that is open till late and serves food also. There is good room service but free breakfast downstairs, well is just ok. You don't need to go outside if you want to stay in.  If you wander around  there are many restaurants, coffee houses, bars and all night food shops only steps away. It is a relaxing 15 minute walk from St. Pancras (eurostar arrives here)…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable,"This is a nice comfortable hotel which is in an excellent location for sight seeing in London. I have stayed here twice with my daughter and am sure we will visit again.  Overall the hotel is a little dated, but the staff are very pleasant and helpful and I would recommend a visit here",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend break,The hotel was lovely. Our room was small but very warm. We had to have the windows open all the time. This was fine but we had the early morning traffic noise waking us up. The breakfast is adequate but we have had better in hotels nearby. The location is great and very close to St Pancras and Kings Cross. Wifi did not work on the 8th floor. Bar prices are very good value compared to some pubs we had been in. Staff were very friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location!,"I stayed at the Tavistock for a week while in London on business. I found the location to be excellent very close to tube stations, shopping and restaurants. The hotel is not fancy but super convenient for the business traveller. For peace and quiet stay in room 458 on the 4th floor it faces the back end and is very quiet. I enjoyed my stay. Breakfast is basic but works.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent,"Great location good value for money, Staff really friendly and helpful.Food excellent, Rooms clean and serviced everyday, just cannot fault it. Close to tube stations good restaurants and theatres. We will defiantly be back .",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1155-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Tired hotel, expensive for facilities.","I stayed here on business as I was on business near Oxford Street. The location is excellent only a short walk from Euston and close to Oxford street. You are really paying for the location. It reminded me of a hotel from the late 80s. Uncomfortable single bed, separate toilet and shower. Sheets and blanket instead of duvet. Tiny tv albeit a flat screen. There is no wifi in the rooms which was annoying when I required it for work. There is wifi in the lobby area but this was only working intermittently whilst I was there. Breakfast just ok. The staff were very nice and efficient and the place was clean. I would not stay there again, I'd look around for another hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Used the disabled room on the 7th floor and it was very comfortable. The breakfast was good and we really enjoyed it. We dined at the President Hotel, which was exceptionally good and (for London) was amazingly priced. If you stay a the Tavistock for two nights you get a voucher to eat there for free! Worth considering if you are staying for two nights! We visit on a regular basis and find the rates really competitive. Worth a thought. ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A little jaded but good value for money,"Stayed for one night while attending a conference nearby. Huge hotel which is definitely a little tired in places but spotlessly clean, comfortable, quiet and great value for an excellent location. Not exactly the spot for a romantic weekend but ticks all the boxes for good value accommodation.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Easy access to west end,"Great place to stay, food reasonable price and very good, endorsed every meal. Bed not that comfortable, room very clean and well maintained. Will stay again Room a little too hot, needed window open, machinery noise only.              ",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",We shall return!,"We stayed in the Tavistock in August as part of our five week overseas trip. In fact, this is the fourth time, I stayed here and the third time since 2008. It's key attribute is its location. An easy walking distance from the underground; choose from Kings Cross St.Pancreas, Russell Square, or Euston and if you're feeling energetic, a comfortable walk to Oxford Street. For the money, £120 a night for such a location is cheap. It's Achilles heel is lack of wifi in rooms and the reception area is crammed with guests accessing the overheated wireless router. Breakfast is great and just love the guy at the door checking tickets... He's been there for years. Will stay again in future.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1160-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Beautiful Art Deco hotel, good value but room for improvement","Some reviewers have said that the décor is dated but this is a hotel built in the 1930s in an Art Deco style and that shouldn't be changed. There are some good Art Deco features such as the lovely wood veneered modular 30s bar, the lighting, door surrounds to the bar and restaurant entrances, some original 1930s style doors at the tops of the stair wells and some lovely Art Deco touches in each of the guest rooms.  The problem is that it hasn't been decorated for a little while, the wallpaper and paintwork in the rooms are obviously due for renewal and this does make the guest rooms look a little tardy.  One big problem is that the hotel sits on a busy road junction which means that traffic noise is a real problem in the front rooms (take ear plugs as I did).  However. the pros…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fair but could do better, An excellent location;staff pleasant; the room was clean and bed comfortable.   No wi-fi in the bedrooms; the decor was rather shabby and no toiletries provided apart from soap; charged for storing case.       ,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lovely stay - really nice hotel!,"We stayed at the Tavistock hotel for 3 nights. Staff were very lovely and happy to help. Our double room was clean modern and the decor was really nicely done. Perfect location, could easily walk to most major areas of the city including Kingscross station which was ideal! I have already planned another trip to stay here again next month!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Thieves!!!,"My daughter & husband to be stayed here on fri 12th sept 2014. It was my daughters birthday & also they got engaged, I know she shouldn't have but she left her bracelet & engagement ring on bedside table. On returning from breakfast her bracelet was there but the ring gone! You can imagine how upset she is, she couldn't even speak when she rang me. When u rang the hotel, the manager was ""off duty"" then talking to head of house keeping she told me she didn't know who had went into the room to check if they could clean it!!! This will not be sorted until Monday by then one broken hearted daughter & the ring will have being sold or passed on!!! I recommend NO STAYS HERE! The police are involved & I'm sure it's not the first & won't be the last!!!!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice Hotel,"My wife and I stayed at the hotel recently which was very enjoyable. The staff were very friendly, helpful and polite and nothing was to much trouble. We had a problem which was nothing to do with the hotel and they were only to pleased to help. The room was more than adequate although very warm and it did not have air conditioning so we had to open the window and this meant we could hear traffic noise all night. Breakfast was very good.  Would stay again when in London",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1165-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Location. Dated decor,Used for business an a few occasions.  This is an old and dated hotel which offers adequate accommodation but will be a disappointment for some when they see it. It's near to Euston and the British Museum with a good number of restaurants and fast food establishments to suit all tastes,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Insane password,"I have stayed here a number of times.  It's in a good location, the rooms are fine, though a bit hot without air conditioning.  Though the staff are happy to provide a fan if you ask.  My gripe is the mad password you need to access their Internet.  At the moment it is #f}%6l10Zs9@lYp.  Why can't they have something much simpler??",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised!,"Overall this hotel was more than adequate.The staff were very courteous and helpful.Breakfast was very good,the complimentary meal was horrendous,this was chosen to be taken in Jaques wine bar adjoining the hotel,my friend and I did'nt even attempt to eat it,reconstituted fish is not a first choice to serve in a hotel,more suited in a greasy spoon cafe!The rooms were really clean but as other reviewers stated,there was no air con,therefore windows fully opened were a problem re the noise from traffic.I would use this hotel again as we only paid £149 each which included rail travel!",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",short london stay,"Average quality and value for london hotel. Poor breakfast, wifi only in lobby area, no wifi in room. Foul smell of fish in first floor in room. No face towel in room, had to ask maid for an extra bath towel.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean and good value,Hotel booked as part of a package with tickets to the theatre. Ideal location for theatre and train. not the most glamorous hotel ever as a bit dated but clean and value for money including breakfast. I would stay again. ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1170-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",tavistock renamed as travisty,"reception staff were rude, unhelpful and dis-interested. rooms were basic which would have be ok if it not been for the heat in the room, no air conditioning and to leave the windows open allowed for the noise of the generators to fully enter the room, difficult to sleep with the heat AND the noise that even drowned out the TV, and we were on the 7th floor. On our first night the reception staff then booked a lady into our room who tried to enter the room with a key card in the middle of the night while we were sleeping and she would have gotten in too only I had bolted the door. The lady apologised when I opened the door to her and then 30 minutes later we were woken again by the room phone as the reception staff phoned to apologise. Reception staff also allocated us as…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice location shame about the hotel,"The royal national hotel was a huge disappointment. The beds were uncomfortable and the sheets so hard that I ended up with a friction burn on my face after the second night we were there for 5, the bathroom was one of the worst designed ever you needed to squeeze past the door to use the loo useless if you are disabled the bath too high to get in and out safely. The towels were small and rough. There was no heating in the room so you want to bed cold and woke up cold booked two rooms and one had a leaky loo for the whole of our stay despite reporting it. Wi fi was non existent even in the lobby. The staff were uninterested and most barely spoke English making communication difficult the cleaners must have been nosey as a note was left on sat asking us to contact reception as…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",1975 called - they want their hotel back!,"I've worked around this area for many years, but when a project required enough overtime that we had to stay in a hotel, this time we stayed in the Tavistock... What a disappointment!  The faux art-deco reception looks pretty tired - Not a good start, genuine art deco looking old, fair enough, but fake decor looking tired should just have been replaced. The lifts appear to be ancient and are glacially slow, the hallways appear to have been decorated 20 years ago and the rooms are similarly tired.   There was great pressure in the shower and an abundance of hot water, and the bathroom was clean - the bath felt like the enamel had completely worn through, no danger of slipping, but you wouldnt feel comfortable having a bath with the somewhat abrasive bath floor. Luckilly I had…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London swings,Second time ive stayed here and for what it offers i could never complain. Ample single room an english breakfast that you help yourself too and friendly staff to answer any queeries you may have. The underground is no more than a 5 min steady walk to the west end . I walked from hotel to Regents Park and London Zoo then a great scenic amble to Camden Market back to hotel and your ready for a cool beer in the well stocked bar room.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",GREAT LOCATION,"Easy access to all tourist attractions, just around corner from Euston station, Covent garden 15 mins walk, tourist buses just around corner on Southampton row rooms clean and comfortable good self service restaurants, overall good stay would recommend.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1175-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great for a short stay in London,"Arrived at 9am and given room straight away,420 overlooking square,reception staff very friendly,rooms small but perfect for us as it was only for laying our head down and it was clean.Shower best I have ever had in a hotel,very powerful.Guys in reception area who sell tourist tickets and give directions are very helpful,wifi only available in reception if u can get it,it is very slow.Breakfast was very good and staff in here very nice also,great weekend and will definitely return. Oh and a please and thank you in a very busy city gets u a long way.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not my next choice,"Maybe they have better rooms then we got...., but OMG what a bad room we first got. Tiny room, very old fashioned, and nothing in the bathroom worked.  We complained, and got a ""New"" room wich was bigger, but oldfashioned.  Continental breakfast was included in Our tickets, but serious; How do you mean anyone can survive eating toast, marmelade and sereals?? That is the porest breakfast I have ever been served in any Place in the world, and I have been in several Places.  If you payed 5 pounds you could have English breakfast, but serious: we payed for breakfast, and didnt expect to pay even more just to have a little more deasant meal.  It is sad that the hotel make different for their customers.   God help you if you ""stole"" a little bit of bacon or a egg from the other table;…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good location,"Stayed here 1 night for a work function nearby, room was clean and adequate for our needs, excellent powerful shower. Speedy check in/out, friendly staff, breakfast is continental only unless you pay an extra £5 .Plenty of pubs/ restaurant nearby, would recommend for a short stay, its within walking distance of soho, leicester square and oxford street",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, great base to explore London","Stayed here for four nights in late August.  This hotel is in a wonderful position just a short walk (5 mins) from Euston Station and St Pancras Kings Cross.  Russell Square underground is also 5 mins in the other direction (behind Russell Hotel).  The Tavistock hotel is a clean and basic hotel which has everything you need for a London break.  The room was small but perfectly adequate as we literally slept and showered there and spent the days out and about.  The bar area is a little tired and could do with more comfortable seating areas - in fact a refurbishment would lift this place to a whole new level with the fabulous period features on show.  The check in was swift and the staff polite.  The breakfast was good (I was worried as some reviewers had criticised the food), and…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic Value,"Really brilliant. Went to Jacques for food - best decision ever. Food brilliant. Hotel great, staff attentive, breakfast fab - they know how cook the bacon !! Room okay, plenty of tv channels. Loads of hot water for the shower.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1180-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",oasis of calm in a busy city,"This hotel provided us with an excellent weekend break.  Although it is central for Kings Cross an easy access to the many attractions in London the atmosphere is very calm.  No trouble or queue booking in, very pleasant  receptionist as were all the staff. Stayed on a bread and breakfast basis.  Breakfast was fine self service but plenty tables available and served beverages at your table. Request a room overlooking Tavistock Square park. great view. Rooms small but adequate and cleaned every day.  Will definitely return.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasant staff but awful hotel,"The staff were all very nice. Not very friendly but not rude. Just nice. The free wifi was next to useless. Our room on the 2nd floor wasn't too bad. Until we started hearing music. It turns out there is a club under the hotel, something that they don't make you aware of on their website. It was so loud we called reception to enquire and were informed it was open until 3am! So we had to move rooms. We were moved to the 8th floor to the tiniest room i have ever seen. The floor boards are very sqeaky and it had a crt tele, probably an antique now.  They also don't tell you that cereal and soggy toast is included in the free breakfast but if you want something hot it'll cost an extra £5. We also had to wait AGES before we were offered tea and coffee. I dont think we would stay here…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Old world charm,"If you take this hotel for what it is...then you will enjoy it. It is not a modern flash, bang, wallop style of hotel. It retains the fixtures and façade of something from a bygone age. So there are things about which a guest might reasonably say...wow it could do with a refurb. But others will enjoy the more classic slightly old world style. Also having this style means, that compared with other London hotels, it falls within the budget price bracket. The room I had was an airy corner room with plenty of space. It also had a separate toilet and bathroom facility. Even though it overlooked the main road, it had the advantage of having a park view and, for city centre London, the traffic noise was not particularly intrusive. I didn't use the WiFi as I was told it was only…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good for this price in central London,"The service was very good. When booking (through Imperial Hotels own web site, which had the best prices) I requested a room on the top floor, overlooking Tavistock Square and far away from the lifts. They gave me exactly what I wanted. I can recommend the upper floor rooms as the traffic noise is less and the views pleasant.  The room itself was quite small and simply furnished, but clean and comfortable. The bed was fine and I slept well. The only complaint about the room is the creaky floor boards everwhere, especially in the corridors. A minor issue but it will disturb some. Despite what other reviewers have said, it is possibe to open the windows wide; you just have to release a small catch.  I opted for full English breakfast which was fine: a fair choice of hot and cold…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location but basic rooms,"Good location and near tubes but very noisy. Reception looks impressive, Art Deco, but that stops at the lifts! Our twin room was very basic, bathroom was tiny, only one medium towel each and a tiny bar of soap that was worse than useless. The shower was cranky but tons of hot water. The room was very stuffy, it was a case of open windows and a very noisy night or closed windows and a hot, sticky night. Either way, difficult to get a good nights sleep. No air conditioning. Wifi is only available in reception, so it's a very busy area, but it's free, once you work out the rather complicated pass word. Breakfast was ok, all the usual choices but not very hot and we waited ages to get tea & coffee. The staff were friendly enough but we did have some communication problems, both at…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1185-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Helpful staff in the center of London,"We started our visit with a welcomed early check-in, which was really needed. We had a room on the first floor overlooking Tavistock Square. The room was tiny but quite functional. Coffee and Tea corner is ""filled up"" every day. Only simple soup is provided along with one type of towels. The Wi-Fi connection is good in the first floor, but I cannot tell about its quality in higher floors. When one wants to visit places with long queues he should consult the lobby team. Tickets for the Tower of London and other places may be bought in advance, so when you reach your destination you have to wait only in the ""Ticket Holders Queue"". The staff is ready to google for anyone who is not equipped with smartphones. The continental breakfast is very basic (cereals, fruits from a can, jam…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for a very good location,"OK, so it's not luxurious: decor is a bit tired, breakfast is not that great (particularly as regards the bread and the tinned fruit) but it is very good value for the location. 5 minutes to Euston station in one direction, 5 minutes to Russell Square underground station in the other (a particularly good station if you are travelling to Heathrow: it's a direct line with no changes, and lifts rather than escalators at Russell Square make it much easier for travellers with suitcases). And you're within walking distance of most of central London, as well as Regents Park. I've stayed a few times on short visits, and unlike some reviewers, I've always found staff at reception and at the porter's desk to be friendly and helpful. Wi-fi is only available on the ground floor, not in the…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",wonderful location but noisy,"I stayed at the Tavistock for four nights as leader of a study abroad tour with University students. The location is fantastic. Very close to King's Cross train station and entrance to the ""tube"". It was fairly hot in London at the time of our visit so we had the window open to make the temp tolerable. Found out fairly quickly that we were very close to a major north-south artery that must be the best path for emergency vehicles as sirens wailed every night.   The room and the bath were fine as was the kitchen but our package only allowed the continental breakfast, not the full English which could be had for about 4 or 5 pounds more. My heart thanked me for this however. Very nice staff. There is a fantastic bowling alley/ pizzeria / karaoke bar right around the corner which you…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,Best  I have found in London on my budget. Convenient for bus and tube into city centre. The room and en-suite were clean and tidy. The room was a double which gave plenty of room for a single person. Buffet breakfast was satisfactory but the complimentary evening meal was very disappointing. This was taken at Saracens restaurant in the early evening .Nice room but the food was not  very warm and unappetising. Would stay again for short break due to the location.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Dire, old fashioned and in need of refurbishment","Sorry this place is awful.  Badly in need of refurbishment (blankets on beds and pillows are old and uncomfortable).  The room was dirty, noisy and lacks comfort. The breakfast is awful - tinned fruit, soggy toast and one cup of cold coffee!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1190-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Room was ok by London standards but staff were at best indifferent. I needed to check out before breakfast started and there was absolutely no way they would consider providing even a bread roll from the restaurant the night before so I could have at least something in the morning. Staff were totally disinterested in helping me and I felt very let down. ""British"" customer service at it's very worst.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Decent Hotel,The hotel is simple and in a good location. Although some of the staff were quite rude and unhelpful. Breakfast was ok however more variety is needed. Rooms are satisfactory although they need updating. I would recommend this hotel only if you are looking for a short stay in London :),Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London short break,"My daughter and I visited London and the Tavistock Hotel for 4 days. After reading the reviews I was a bit worried.  On arrival check in was efficient Our room was ready even though we arrived earlier than the check in time.    Room 614 straight across from the elevator, small bathroom, separate loo both clean and well kept.  Only had 2 small hand style towels for use in the bathroom but they were changed daily.  Had to pay £20 deposit for a basic hair dryer loan ( never been to hotel without a wall one in 20 years)  One bed was comfy the other was too soft.  The room was roasting hot so kept the windows open the inch that was allowed.  Breakfast was really good and the selection was excellent.  I would return to this hotel for a short break as it's in a good location close to…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Its OK....,"So I stay here on business, and I do not enjoy my stay truthfully but it is convenient.  Food... Breakfast has improved but still very poor,and I agree coffee is truly awful.  Room... Ask for a updated room firstly, still not great BUT better than others. You can hear everything and it is not up to my standards with regards to cleanliness, so always have flip flops but bedding is clean.  Location... Perfect vey close to everything and the price for London is reasonable. All in all they need to renovate fully, would of been great in the 60,s / 70 s.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",excellent stay,"excellent stay, the hotel was clean and tidy, staff very helpfull,great location booked throu superbreak fantastic deal only 1 little problem the tea and coffee was awfull just take our own next time haha",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1195-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Old, needs updating. Noisy room, horrible breakfast","Old building, rooms tired and don't feel clean. Very noisy when window is open. Good location. Close to museums and central London. Wouldn't recommend or go back. Breakfast - table was dirty, food not nice.         ",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Old worldly hotel but has lost some of its charm!,"I got a weekend deal for this hotel. Good location, room reasonable size, bathroom small & yes the smallest size bath towels ever - my friend commented 'no bigger than a hankie'. The staff were on the not so friendly side but it is a big hotel. Breakfast was okay, food was better in one of the group's other hotels. The square across the road made for a pleasant stroll & looking back at the art deco grand hotel it once was!!",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",very rude receptionist,"We arrived at the hotel around lunch time to be greeted by one of the most rudest receptionist ever. There were 12 of us staying in the hotel which was booked through a company that organises hen/stag weekends. When we booked we were asked if we would like an early check in time  We were told that 4 rooms were ready and 2 would not be ready until later that day (one of which was the bride to be), when we said we requested early check in we were told NO, we then tried again and got no explanation just a very sarcastic NO, the bride to be then asked to speak to the manager and was told again NO, customer service at this hotel is the worst I have ever experienced,  We eventually got rooms sorted out after a phone call to the company we booked with and a visit from the manager with…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Real bargain for Euston hotel,"Excellent Hotel, for price and location. It' only 5 mins walk from Euston. Clean, spacious, helpful staff. What more do you need? Highly recommend as I do other 2 others Hotels in Imperial Group Hotels, all close to Euston/Russell Square. Ask for room overlooking Tavistock Gardens, even these rooms are noisy,but much prettier view. Not as bad as rooms ovelooking Woburn Place though (road running from Euston has traffic 24/7,",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Drab furnishing, in newly refurbished room. No air conditioning forced a choice of comfortable temperature or relative quiet, as busy location. One thin towel each, no toiletries. Average buffet breakfast with limited choice.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1200-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"Check in could have been more welcoming, the foreign staff seemed disinterested.  I had previously telephoned to request rooms on the 7th floor and that was dealt with in a very helpful manner.  The Art Deco reception area is very nice and the hotel is generally clean. We were allocated a ""refurbished"" room but the refurbishment had not extended to painting the window sill!  The room was very hot but this was not the fault of the hotel, just the gorgeous weather. Difficult at night when the window had to be closed because of traffic noise. The breakfast was adequate with helpful and pleasant staff but the bar staff all appeared to have been subject to charisma by-pass procedures. Not a smile or pleasantly to be seen.  A complete contrast was the Jaques Wine Bar, food was good,…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",well located big old hotel,"If you can live with only huge towels (no small ones available) soap but no liquid shampoo provided however upon request, wifi only in the lobby and english breakfast (ok) whereas continental breakfast without yoghurt, cheese and ham (musli instead), this hotel is well located and a very acceptable price considering it is London. Staff correct and printout of boarding passes in a minute. The minicab service they work with is to be avoided, you can much better prices calling ""blackberry"" or ""swift car"".",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",basic but clean and well located,we travel to europe and london very often and always use the tavistock. the staff are a bit gruff sometimes and the rooms are very basic as is the buffet breakfast but it's always clean and does the job when you need a place to stay in a VERY expensive city. it's very well located close to a tube station so very easy to get around. why spend an exorbitant amount on a commodation when you should be out enjoying the city! not recommended for a romantic trip but for any other occasion think its excellent value,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",city break,staff were excellent in this great value for money hotel. situated near tube and mainline station at Euston/Euston square easy to get around London's many tourist attractions and nightlife. London city tour buses stop just round the corner if you wish a guided tour,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Overnighter,"Found the room basic but clean, disappointed on the view but not much can be done about that. It was a very warm, clammy day / night and unfortunately the windows could only be opened about an inch and as a result the room was too warm to get a proper nights sleep Service from all staff was first class",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1205-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Close to train stations,"Nice hotel, sub-par breakfast, wi-fi only works in the lobby, teeny-tiny elevators. But what really got me was that our toilet was in a separate room than the shower and sink. Overall a good location, close to nice parks and Kings Cross, St Pancras, and Euston were all very close by.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel would come back again!,"My fiancée and I have just returned from a 3 night weekend break in London and I must say I have no complaints about this Hotel, yes it is a bit dated and needs a little bit of a refurbishment but it was clean, the staff were excellent and very friendly and helpful, breakfast was good and there was plenty off it.   The rooms were a little bit on the small side but you don't come to London to sit about in your hotel room all the time!!  The location of this hotel is excellent, its just a short walk from Russell Square underground station where you can get to all the major sites in London and even without that its not far to walk, there is also the Big Bus Tours that leave fro  just around the corner and for £31 per person you can hop on and hop off a any of the stops for 2 days…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Decent, no-frills, dated","I visited this hotel in June for a business trip.  The location is very good, as is the included breakfast.  The room is small, but has tea/coffee setup.  No shampoo/conditioner in the bathroom. Clean, but very musty smelling throughout. I would stay here again for a trip on my own, but would look elsewhere if I was bringing family along (rooms are just too small for more than one - I was in a double). Great value for Bloomsbury location.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good as a base on a weekend trip,"Myself and a friend were staying for the weekend to see a show and found this hotel to be the best price for what we wanted.  Based on other reviews I wasn't expecting too much and for me, everything was distinctly average. I really liked the styling of the hotel, with the art deco feel however I did think that the hotel in places looked tired and was in need of freshening up.  Our room was a twin, it was nicely decorated and had everything that I would expect in the room such as refreshments and a flat screen tv. The beds were comfy enough although one of my blankets had a bald patch.   The bathroom is where I think the most love is required. I could be wrong but I think it had a damp problem. Or in any case, when we had a shower there was nowhere for the steam and water to go…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short stay x,After reading neg reports I was a little apprehensive about the place booked it as the room rate was fantastic value.  Not a bad little place at all really ideal for a base for our 2 night stop over.room was small and basic but what more do you need really?! After reading advice we had booked one of the higher floors so didn't have any bother with noise other than traffic!   Breakfast was lovely though I do feel the staff left a lot to be desired not the friendliest people I've ever met especially the miserable bloke overseeing the seating of guests etc he was scarey reminded me of a prison guard kinda bloke...not much hospitality there!!   Apart from that staff were friendly check in and out simple all in all a nice stay in a great location handy for most things wouldnt…,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1210-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient base for our stay in London,We chose to visit the Tavistock as we had stayed before and it was a short walk from Euston and close to the bus routes. Our room was clean and basic but we had a comfortable nights sleep. An improvement would have been air conditioning. we found reception staff & concierge very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was adequate and enjoyable. Would have been nice to have had croissants but then that is only a minor point. Would stay again for London not too overpriced.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central Location - good value,"You can't beat this hotel for its location and price.  It's a 4 minute walk from Euston Station and various tube stops.  It is walking distance to Westminster, Leicester Square, Camden, Soho etc.  It is clean and there is a vast choice for breakfast to prepare for your day in London.  The lobby, bar and dining area have kept the original Art Deco style which is nice.  Overall a great stay :)",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",It's not that bad!,Stayed here for an event nearby and weren't feeling particularly flash so booked the Tavi. Our room was basic but it was all we needed. Breakfast was chaotic but wee rent expecting much. On the whole it was alright. We have stayed in worse places as students so didn't mind it for one night.,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Stale breadrolls, awful coffee, cash only at bar-no wifi in lobby if more than 3 people sign on and no wifi on rooms at","Avoid. Pay more somewhere else and get some basic services. You are in central London, after all. It ended up being comical it was so bad. Only in for two nights, so did not spoil holiday. Had we booked for longer, it would have ruined our trip.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",practical not beautiful,"I've stayed at the Tavistock several times, mainly because of its location near the British Library. The Tavistock is pretty basic.  Cooked breakfast is awful, but they have good cereals.  Don't forget to bring your room card -- you won't get breakfast without it. Staff is friendly and helpful.  If you come in the summer make sure you specify air conditioning -- not all the rooms have it.  It's about 2 blocks form the Russel Square tube, Piccadilly line.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1215-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Carpet smells,"I stayed at the tavistock while attending a three day training. Good points were its very close to russell square tube station,the room was clean and basic. The staff were lovely and i had no problem sorting out some minor issues i had. There was plenty of hot water and the shower had great pressure.  The not so good points were mostly related to smells in the corridors. On my floor is was a smell like fish or pee i couldnt quite decide. It wasnt in the room at the lift or at reception. As you walked into the dining room for breakfast there was a stong smell of fish i was never quite sure if fish was on the breakfast menu or not.        ",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",poor food,"Hotel and staff all ok but had to ask for extra towels as only allocated one small one each, no shampoo or shower gel, only one small soap each. Poor breakfast both days,not much choice,hard poached/fried? eggs and very overcooked bacon,  goodness knows what those on continental breakfast could choose from as not much available Staff on reception could manage a smile occasionally but concierge staff were excellent and should be congratulated!",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",expensive,Awful hotel no toiletries other than a bar of soap and breakfast well don't bother! We were shown to a dirty table which we refused to sit at and then found our own which wasn't much better. BREAKFAST WAS AWFUL and on our way out of the restaurant we were then advised by the manager of the restaurant that he was training staff and making a point of showing us to a dirty table! Never again will we stay here and at £150 for the night this is one of the most overpriced and shabby hotels we have ever stayed in. You would never have this standard abroad in fact for the money you would have 5 star luxury.  The room was basic but clean.,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Kept awake all night by drunken screaming and shouting from nightclub in the basement.,"Kept awake all night by drunken screaming and shouting from nightclub in the basement.  I was in the eighth floor but even that was not high enough to avoid the dreadful noise of drunks.  As for the rest of my stay, the room was clean and well-serviced, but breakfast was badly organised and of poor quality.  I expected better for the amount of money being charged.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Thieves paradise!,"Decided to book this hotel for one night as we had stayed last year and its location suited our plans ( bad idea). Two of my inlaws who happen to be Chinese were enjoying the end of a european holiday and we had arranged to pick them up at the British Museum. We all settled into the hotel after some sightseeing and the next morning went down to get breakfast. My inlaws were homesick and hung back in the foyer to use the wifi. At this point and just when they were queing to be seated two men, one of which was wearing a black jacket with a hood and another who wore some kind of blazer or smart jacket, were circling my inlaws. The Chinese man had a Gucci man bag and his wife an expensive looking camera case. After the thieves had made their selection and my inlaws were getting…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1220-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"We were only in London for two days and this hotel was in a great location to experience as much as we could. It is close to the underground which is the best way to get around and it is just a few blocks from the National Museum. The concierge was terrific and very helpful. He recommended a great out of the way restaurant and helped us find our way around. I would stay here again. The price was good, the room pretty basic but worked fine.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient location,"Stayed here for 2 nights with a friend for a sightseeing and shows. The hotel is close to Euston and local bus routes which we used quite a bit. My friend has a bus pass, so it cost nothing for her, and I used an Oyster card which was really convenient. The hotel is clean, staff very helpful, room cleaned every day and full English breakfast had everything we could have wanted. For the cost, we couldn't fault it",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good and Bad,"Our first stay at this hotel, which is excellently placed for getting to all the major attractions and reasonably priced by London rates. Our room was smallish but reasonably comfortable; at the back away from the main road so no traffic noise - but all these rooms suffer from a constant ""hum"" from the kitchen extractor fans. Long queue for breakfast; and once we did get a table it is a bun fight to get to the buffet breakfast ingredients. However, the food was of a good quality. Left our bags with the hall porters for a few hours; and felt the 50p per item charge to be worthwhile.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",3 day break in London. Great value for money.,"We have just returned from staying in the Tavistock hotel this weekend. I don't usually leave comments but I thought this was worth one. We arrived at Euston station at 9 o'clock, and in the hotel  by 09.20 am. . We asked if we could leave the case in the hotel as check in is not until 2 pm. The reception staff said if we waited approximately 10 mins, , there may be a room available soon. Within 5 minutes, there was a room available. The staff were so helpful. We had checked in and where out of our room  by 10 am, Outside the hotel was the big bus tours, It cost £58.00 for both of us, This ticket lasted for 2 full days, hop on and off whenever we wanted, plus it included 2 river cruises  and 3 walking tours if required. It was definitely worth the money .On our 3rd day, we…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great for short London trips,"I have stayed in the 'Tavi' on a number of occasions for work, but his was the first time I visited for a pleasure trip. This hotel is great value for money and is a very convenient location, within walking distance of Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston stations, as well as a short walk to Russell Square underground station. The hotel itself has a faded charm all its own, a bit run down, looking as if it has seen more salubrious days, but still retains its own character. The rooms are clean and tidy although there is a 'no frills' policy which I didn't mind given the price and location. You will need to take your own shower gel, shampoo etc, only a few small compementary bars of soap given. Another tip is to maybe take a small towel with you, we only got one small towel each,…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1225-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ideal location at a great price,We spent the weekend in London taking in a couple of shows and seeing the sites. The Tavistock was the perfect base for us being so close to transport and walkable to the theatre district. The room was great value and the breakfast was superb. The staff were all helpful and friendly       ,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap and Clean,This hotel is ideal for an overnight stay in London. Very cheap but also very good quality. Check in was quick and easy. Rooms were basic but clean. Breakfast was average but can't complain as it was free!,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good price/quality ratio,"I would recommend the Tavistock for a short stay, for the excellent location, especially considering that it is affordable for central London.  Otherwise the hotel is in urgent need of a modernization.  ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,I regularly stay at the Tavistock. It provides everything necessary for overnight stays at a very competitive price for London. No frills but pleasant clean rooms and good service. Good central location.       ,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Must try harder!,"The Tavistock is in a great location for getting around London but a number of steps away from being a comfortable,  relaxing hotel.  I'm trying to take into consideration the fact that it is in the budget category but there's a generally rushed and crowded atmosphere.  Check in was impersonal and basic.  Our room was small without shampoo and conditioner in the bathroom. The towels were small and well-worn.  Breakfast was extensive but unless you get there early, you will find yourself queuing way through the bar and into the foyer.  I spotted a half eaten bread roll on the floor and informed the receptionist.  Later, the roll had been removed but a pile of crumbs remained.  Sloppy.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1230-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great stay for trip to London,"Hotel b Very close to Euston station,and plenty of underground stations within walking distance  Hotel very clean room small but fine for a short stay. Staff very helpful and best of all breakfast best I've had in a hotel  Would highly recommend this hotel",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An Imperial London hotel that provides good value for money,"OK, its a hotel that hasn't got the most up to date decor, and some of the public areas could do with a little TLC. Don't expect air conditioning, an iron, wifi, bottled water or any other of the amenities that are available at five star hotels in your room. If you want those, they are available elsewhere in a different price bracket.  What you get here is a well located, value for money hotel that is run efficiently but with few frills. All the staff were busy, professional and polite during my two recent stays. The rooms were of reasonable size, and spotlessly clean and tidy.   Rooms located on the front look out onto a garden square, on the east onto a moderately busy road, and on the west, a quieter road. Rooms on the back have a view of the other hotel rooms on the other…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great Location, Good Service at a reasonable price!","This hotel is in a great location only a few minutes walk from Euston station, and 5mins from Kings cross and st Pancreas as well, Tube stations at all 3 Train stations give you access to all parts of London as the hotel resides in Zone 1 of the tube network, The Hotel itself is great value for money, the staff are friendly and helpful check in and check out are quick and hassle free, the rooms themselves vary but are quite basic, but well maintained for their age, the rooms are quite small but really unless you plan on spending a lot of time in your room there's no need for a large room you have to remember you get what you pay for, if you want 5star you have to pay 5star prices. I've stayed here a few times now and have had no problems i really would recommend you choose this…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cannot contact them,"My daughter and I were very pleased with the hotel and breakfast. However, I had money stolen from my room and have been fobbed off somewhat with an email address that doesn't work and a promise to speak to housekeeping. I don't expect the money back, but I do expect more care and attention over this very serious situation.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent money-value and location!,"I've stayed at the hotel for 8 nights, and they were wonderful.   Pluses: very clean, excellent location (located in zone 1 and only 5 minutes walk from Russell Square underground station on the Piccadilly Line), breakfast included, friendly staff.  Minuses: Wi-Fi only in lobby and bar area, early check-out with nearly impossible chance to extend stay spontaneously since the hotel is usually fully booked, safe deposits are key based and located in reception area.  Location: the hotel is located in the same building block as the National Hotel, and is a 5 minute walk from Russell Square underground station. The station is one station away from King's Cross St. Pancras in which you can change to almost all other lines as well as the national rail. In the five minute vicinity to…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1235-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good low priced accommodation in central London,"The hotel is excellently located for Euston Station (5 mins), tube stations and bus routes. Also pleasant small park outside in the square. Easy to reach many attractions, restaurants, shops and pubs on foot.  Rather dated inside and rooms and some areas could do with some TLC.however very happy to stay here .Rooms have tea/coffee facilities, hairdrier and tv, however only soap in the bathroom, no shampoo!! Surely it can not cost that much to provide it. Free Wi-Fi only available on the ground floor (massed numbers of users can be seen around the large reception area and in the bar).The bar, thank goodness, has two real ales on at any time. Breakfast is not the best, but gives you a good selection of hot or continental items. I only wish they had hot drink dispensers instead of…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location but rooms need improvement,"Good location but rooms are small, no air, no wash clothes, no facial tissues, no hair dryers, and bathroom sink has 2 faucets for hot and cold so you have to fill the basin to get warm water. Hotel definitely needs updating. The breakfast was ok but offers no sweet rolls or muffins. I would look elsewhere if staying in London again. ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Superb location but needs smartening up,"My wife and I stayed here end of June. Price wise, it's good value. Position wise, it's in a great (yet quiet) location.  The hotel really needs a lick up paint inside, some cleaning and an upgrade in the bar area where the seating is uncomfortable. Having arrived after a trans Atlantic flight, I also wanted to iron a shirt and change, only to find that there is just one ironing room for what is an enormous hotel; no iron in the rooms. The ironing room is on Floor 1; we were on Floor 6!  The bar area is in dire need of new and more comfortable furniture, and you could clearly see dust in the Reception area. The staff were very polite and helpful. Full English breakfast had a £5 supplement which was fine; Continental breakfast is included.  There is also a Wine Bar which appears…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location and good value,"This hotel is in an excellent location in Russell Square, about one block away from the tube (subway) station (5 minute walk) making it very easy to visit all of London's main tourist attractions.  There are also hop on hop off tour buses right outside the hotel.  There are restaurants and a bar in the area.  Around the block there is a small shopping area.  The rooms are basic, but very clean.  It is good value for a hotel in a nice and safe area of London.  Lovely little park across the street from the hotel.  Staff are very courteous.  Breakfast was included with my room and consisted of a full English breakfast with other choices like beans, fish, porridge, cereal and fruit.  It was great!  Dining room staff are very friendly, courteous and provide top notch service.  The…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"11 of us stayed here in 3 rooms booked at very short notice after our other accomodation fell through. 4 in a room was a little cramped, but we did not spend too much time in the room, so it wasn't an issue. The room on the top floor was incredibly hot, the room on floor 7 less so, and the 4th floor room was comfortable. If we had the windows open, the room was very noisy, so sleep wasn't as good as it could have been. The rooms and bathrooms were clean and housekeeping did a good job tidying up after us! The breakfast was reasonable with both continental and English options.  Staff were polite and helpful. The 50s bowling alley around the corner was recommended to us by staff, and we had a good couple of hours there at a very reasonable price.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1240-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Downton Shabby,"The only positives about this hotel are the staff who were all exceptionally friendly and helpful and the location, otherwise, I would give it a steer-clear!  We spent a week there and it was 5 days too many. We stayed in room 523, great view and not too noisy except for teen neighbors and eorld cup nights when the bar below was in full swing. The biggest negatives (as stated by others) are the rooms - small, old, dirty, beds horrible - felt more like hammocks than beds. I'm sure they have not been replaced since the hotel was first built. The breakfast was the other main negative - staff rude, abrupt, started putting food away before time. Do be aware that different rooms have different breakfasts and you will be charged if you eat from the food trays that are not in your…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but satisfactory,"Stayed at the Tavistock in June for 3 nights,it was for my wife's 50th Birthday and we just needed somewhere as a base for going out to theatre shows etc... The location of the hotel is ideal,5 minutes walk from Euston railway station and about 20 minutes from theatre land. The room was basic but reasonably comfortable,bathroom was clean and functional. We had breakfast included in the deal,this was a buffet style and the food was very good,the restaurant can get very busy at certain times and queuing for a table is not uncommon. For the money we paid (particularly for London) I was more than happy with the standard of the hotel and I would stay there again.....",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Handy for railway / London university and TCR,I stayed here in May 2014. The check in staff were polite and helpful. The room was on the second floor over-looking Tavistock square. This is a fairly busy area - especially in rush hour. The room was your average double bedded affair with associated furniture. The bathroom was well equipped with an over bath shower. To be honest it was just a base over-night and a place to sleep. The bed was not the most comfortable as I am spoiled at home with a Hypnia memory foam mattress and pillows. I never had breakfast in the morning so I cannot comment on the restaurant area. All I saw was reception / lift / lift / stairs / hallway and the room. Would I stay again? - Yes I am booked on the 3rd July. Would I recommend the hotel? - Yes - it is handy for Euston (3 minute flat walk) / Kings…,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Decent hotel, excellent location, good value.","I regularly use this hotel for brief business trips. Excellent location in bloomsbury, really good value. Basic rooms but for the price vs location, works out good value. Staff friendly, decent breakfast selection other than really poor tea/ coffee. ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic good value,"This is an older, art-deco-styled hotel, basic, in considerable need of some fresh paint and new carpeting, but clean and efficiently run. Rooms are very basic, suited to those intending to be out most of the time and to use them only for sleeping. Room lighting and water pressure are very good, and windows have been upgraded and are openable. The location is excellent: near Euston station, King's Cross, Russell Square, and a number of bus and underground lines; there is an Internet café just around the corner, and also a late-opening convenience store; and there are numerous small restaurants (some good, some bad) in the immediate vicinity. The room rate includes a good breakfast, and the staff are friendly and efficient. Used by group tours.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1245-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ok for 1 night,"Stopping in London on a business trip the Tavistock was fairly cheap for this area of London; around £110 for a double room (of sorts). The outside and lobby area are very Art Deco and the whole place has a 'bustle' about it. The bar area is fairly spacious but bland and there is a small wine bar attached, again nothing special. There is no wifi in the rooms but there is free public access  in the bar and lobby. The double room I had was very tight and had very little in the way of extras i.e. no shampoo! My room was fairly noisy but it is a busy part of London. Having said all this I still slept very well in a nice comfy bed. The breakfast was buffett style and was ok. Would probably use again for a business stay.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good place for a 4 day trip,"Very good and clean hotel!! Very nice and quiet position, very close to russel square metro station and to bus station! friendly and very helpful staff!!!! A vert good choice for a pleasant 4 day stay in town!!!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Consistently very good value,I've stayed at The Tavistock Holel on several occasions and have always found it very good value for money.   Staff are helpful and rooms always spotless.   Friends and family agree that this hotel is all they require when visiting central London on business or pleasure.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Probably better in Spring and Autumn,"I've given this an average because that's what it is. There's nothing fundamentally wrong with it, and I've stayed in far worse places for the price, but it could be far better. The hotel is in a great location. 5 minute walk from Euston, 12 minute walk from Kings Cross and St Pancras,(Eurostar) and it's also pretty central for London'e attractions. It is adjacent to Tavistock Square so it is quite pretty and leafy too. The hotel itself is large - I was on the 7th floor. Pleasant atrium , reception area and the staff are friendly and quite efficient. The style is retro - Art Deco in fact, and it's done rather well. All the public areas really are quite a nice place to be. The rooms however feel a bit tired. They are not large, but hey, this is central London and it's not meant…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Does what it says.,"Stayed for two nights and it was a nice stay. If I'm being really picky, the shower head could have done with a clean so the water came out better and there was always a queue for an table at breakfast however, this went down fairly quickly (10 mins).  The room was clean, bed comfortable and absolutely no corridor noise to be heard. The location is fantastic, 10 mins walk from Kings Cross and ideal for a lot of the major attractions. The price was outstanding, two nights B&B including return rail travel from Newcastle upon Tyne £148 (booked through an NuT travel agent) so I'm finding it extremely hard to mention the shower and the queue.  I would definitely stay here again and can easily recommend it.  I noticed that someone complained about only having one towel, and this was…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1250-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central Location,"We spent a week at this hotel and on the whole everything about it is excellent - the hotel is situated very centrally for access to most of the attractions that London has to offer. Breakfast was a buffet style, food  was excellent and plentiful - the only things that, to me, let the hotel down a little are 1. We found our room uncomfortably warm with no air con - leaving the windows open not an option because of road noise [apparently the higher up your room the warmer the room - ours was 729] 2.Because there is no WIFI in the rooms [which I see as a little odd in 2014] the bar and reception [where there was free WIFI were always busy and finding a place was a little difficult 3 We found that the room and bathroom sizes were on the small side- overall we passed a really good…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap but not cheerful,"Only stayed one night en route for Eurostar at St Pancras. Very small room with awful outlook onto centre of hotel with rotting wooden shutters and huge pipes which made a low wavering humming sound through until 3.30am. Therefore no sleep at all before our long journey. We had to leave before breakfast at 6.30 but no offer of a food pack or similar, (or refund). On complaining about the noise, the staff did not look too disappointed and said that the air-con is being done, whatever that meant.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","great location, great price","Just had 3 nights at this hotel and can not praise it enough. Had a free 3 course meal on the first night which was a bonus. The location is first rate for getting around as said in other reviews. every where is almost with in walking distance. only 15 to 30 min from most theatres and Covent garden, in the other direction Regents park , London Zoo and Kings Cross. The rooms are on the small size but more than adequate, lets face it how much time do you spend in your room. The breakfast could of been better but that may depend on what time you stager down me and the wife are not early birds lol. The other good thing about the hotel is the bar prices which don't make your eyes water for a pint ( just over £3 a pint ) unlike O'Neals near Kings X.  Jacques bar which is attached to…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",OK for Central London,"Rooms relatively small but comfortable, the hotel is quite large but with only a small reception desk which got quite crowed when checking out, the lifts also got quite busy at times. The food in the adjoining restaurant was quite good and the set menu reasonable priced for London however breakfast was a bit of a nightmare too many people trying to get at the buffet at once. The bar area was OK with a good selection of real ales.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fair value for price,My room (single bed) was rather small but good enough for showering/sleeping. The location of the hotel is a big advantage if you use the tube. Breakfast is ok; though the same menu is served every morning.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1255-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A Room of One's Own,"Built on the site of Virginia's Woolf's home & overlooking lovely Tavistock Square, where her bust nestles in the lovely gardens, this competent hotel is a good find.  While prices in London these days can take your breath away, the Tavistock is relatively reasonable; service is excellent; rooms are small but clean & the gracious breakfast room w/ white tablecloths & full English breakfast is available until 10 am.  While late-night party-goers on the street can be somewhat noisy, proximity to the Russell Street underground, good ethnic bistros & pubs, banks, post office & convenience shops is helpful & equally lovely & historic nearby Russell Square, a good place for lunch/tea, adds to the appeal.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Location location location,"Excellent location, within walking distance of everything. Camden markets,theatres, south bank, beautiful park over the road...the hop on hop off bus is just around the corner, staff are really helpful. Lovely place.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",a very comfortable place,"After a horrible experience at a hotel nearby, we moved to the Tavistock hotel for 4 nights.  Our room was clean, well appointed and quite comfortable.  The bathroom had a full tub and shower with excellent water pressure.  The only thing lacking were complimentary toiletries which one usually finds in hotels these days.  The front desk staff were very helpful and efficient.  The fellows at the concierge desk were terrific.  They had a very good breakfast buffet and a nice bar area.  My only complaint would be that they do not have wifi in the rooms. You have to go to the lobby area for connection.  This is more than a little inconvenient but we made do.  I would stay here again on another visit. It is conveniently located only a 5 minute walk to the Russell Square Underground…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",highly recommend it for the price,"We stayed here on a theatre break for the weekend we were pleasantly surprised by the service and courteous staff from the desk staff,porters waiters after reading reviews on trip advisor .................... The rooms although small are clean well furnished and warm with a fantastic shower. Breakfast was fresh hot filling and plentiful .............. Will definitely stay here again  Thank you for making my birthday weekend special  Thank you  The only negative note I have is the traffic noise (YOU ARE IN THE CENTRE Of London) there is traffic noise!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Clean and comfortable, basic but lovely Art Deco charm","Stayed at the Tavistock for a girls theatre weekend.  Not sure what to expect but loved the original Art Deco reception area.  Rooms are adequate clean and comfortable beds with the Art Deco theme continued all be it with MDF.  No frills so don't expect shampoos, shower gel etc and we were only given one towel each.  We asked for extra towels and the very pleasant staff obliged immediately.  Breakfast was ok quick turnaround self service again very pleasant staff although first morning they ran out of tomatoes and toast and the coffee was a bit strong.  However you spend very little time in the hotel and the location perfect for tube station or walk into London.  Saturday night after the theatre we returned about 2230 and after a drink in the bar returned to our room. As it was…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1260-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cant fault it.......with exception of the noise!,"Well my 1st thoughts were what a great hotel.....decent sized room, nice & clean & comfortable. Just what you want really because you dont spend much time in your hotel room when in london do you really??? Staff friendly enough. Food in the wine bar was lovely & very reasonably priced for central london with rather large portion sizes. Well located. Got a free 3 course evening meal which i had at a sister hotel. Was nice enough, but not as nice as the food in jaques wine bar in the tavistock hotel. HOWEVER......when it came to trying to sleep, it was almost impossible! The noise outside was just ridiculous really.....not traffic noise, i would expect that,but music blaring from what sounds like the bowling alley at the royal national hotel just next door (over 18s only after 8pm…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Free internet severely limited,"Wi-fi internet access is available only in the small hotel lobby and bar, and this creates a heavy demand on the network when a large number of guests are present. The outdated practice of a hard copy user login and password is limited to one device, and I gave up trying to connect after using two sets of logins.   As a result, I was unable to complete important internet-based work during my stay, and this was unacceptable. We'll stay at other hotels with more up to date internet access (in room access for multiple devices, universal consistent logins) during future visits.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel in great location,"I needed to stay in Central London for a couple of days to visit my son who has a tiny flat with no spare room for me. So I wanted to be in walking distance. This hotel is handy for Euston, the British museum and a whole host of bars and restaurants. We walked to everywhere we wanted  to go, so that was a cost saving. The staff are friendly and helpful, free wifi in the lobby and ground floor, I would have liked that extended to the rooms, breakfast included in the room price, was adequate, nothing too flash, but ok if you like that sort of thing,  All in all, I was pleased with my booking , secure parking available at the hotel next door, for £27 a day which seemed a bit steep, but it is London,",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Traditional value,"Have stayed here on a number of occasions over the years when on business because of a number of reasons; the location, the character of the place (almost in a time warp - Art-deco style) and it's sheer value for money (for central London at least). Having read other reviews it seems I may have been lucky but I can only report what I experienced; the rooms, not perfect, but adequate. The staff have always been friendly/efficient (especially the chaps working in the left luggage), the breakfast (inclusive of price) is acceptable. I have chosen to stay here again next week - hope this doesn't jinx it!  In all - adequate for a couple of value nights when on on business",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfectly adequate,"I agree with other reviewers that you get what you pay for. The hotel is very reasonable - it is clean, the breakfast is good, it is in my favourite location in London - just down from Euston station, underground at Russell Square handy, a short walk to Oxford Street and Coventry Garden. The bar is reasonably priced and opens until late. I don't know about other reviewers but when in London I want a base I do not want to spend hours in an expensive hotel! therefore for my wants a 5 Star rating.  Ignore the fitness centre mark I pressed by accident and could not remove.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1265-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"The hotel is all of the things that other folk have commented- yes it's tired, scruffy, basic and the rooms are small, but the staff were friendly and the rooms were clean. The bar was cheep, and we had a free meal when we got there that we were not expecting. Breakfast was adequate.  But how much time are you going to spend in the hotel? We slept, showered and went off to see the sites!  This is a cheep, basic hotel in a fabulous locality. We had a wonderful weekend and would rebook the Tavistock for another visit. If you want frills and fancy, pay at least twice as much- this is Central London folks! What do you expect!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location but poor in quality,"I stayed for over a week in this hotel. I choose to stay because of its location and proximity to many places.  The rooms are very small and hardly one can move in the room. The cot (bed) often moves to different direction because it was place on rolling wheel. The room has a very old TVs and one need to struggle to switch to other channels.  Very old remotes and old TV set!  The breakfast is very standard and lacks variety and spread.  No fruits served during the breakfast.  The hotel lobby has internet access but the same facility was not available in the rooms.  The staff are efficient and quick in offering support/service.  The hotel needs some innovation and should work on making more tourist friendly.  If you are planning to stay for a longer period, look for other options.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great for west end,"My daughters and I stayed here to go see a show .The hotel is very quaint and the porters are so friendly and helpful .The hotel is looking tired in places but this adds to its charm and reminds you of the olden days .There is music playing and it is a nice touch .We booked a disabled room which was OK , shower was smaller than I expected plus there was only 2 plug sockets and the tea /coffee tray is appalling given the room size.Additionally there were only 3 towels which were not enough for us . However the room was a good size and we heard no noise from outside . The lifts are not enough for the hotel and need updating .Breakfast is small but a good selection and the room is well lit and set out in art deco style .This is a perfect base for west end and is close to king cross…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location. The rest just OK.,"I spent one night at the Tavistock hotel on a bed and breakfast basis. The reception staff were efficient and I was checked in quickly. The room was a twin so was of an adequate size, but generally looked worn. Furnishings and bedspreads looked very dated and the room was in need of a coat of paint. Cleaning could have done with more attention to detail as there were crumbs (not mine) by the side of the bed. On a positive note, the room had a lovely view of Tavistock Square. I had a light meal in the Jacques Bar. This was reasonable, cheap and served relatively quickly, probably because I asked for a menu and then asked to order. Others were not so lucky and I observed other customers leave after waiting a long time to place their order. Some of the waiting staff did their…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tired,"We booked this hotel through superbreaks with train fare included evening meal and breakfast for 2 mornings, their was eight of us so it did not work out expensive.The hotel lobby is the only decent part of the hotel,rooms are really outdated small and noisy if you are staying at the front of the hotel (room 709).The shower water went everywhere, 1 small wardrobe with 3 hangers ,the room was stuffy with the windows closed.Very central for Kings cross and underground stations plenty of pubs and restaraunts close by.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful breakfasts were ample with a varied choice.We did,nt pay much so we can,t complain.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1270-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Well Located Hotel With Basic Amenities,"We arrived at St. Pancras on the Eurostar and were able to walk to the Tavistock from the station (10 min). The staff, although not rude, were not very welcoming (would it have killed them to crack a smile?). We had stayed in a horrid hotel in Paris and were pleased to see that we had a decent sized room (for a budget hotel in London) overlooking Tavistock Square. The bathroom was also a good size  and had a tub which I appreciated. Although the decor is a bit dated it is not shabby. The hallways are wide and well lit. The hotel is in one of my favourite London locations, close to the British Museum and transportation. We booked through our airline and got a very reasonable rate. It was quite warm in London and the heat was set a little high but we were fine with the window…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Clean, Safe Hotel in Excellent Location","My wife and I have stayed in the Tavistock Hotel when in London for several years. It is in an excellent location with the British Museum only a few blocks away, an underground station one block away and several small restaurants and pubs in the area. It is near the University of London which means there a several good bookstores in the area.  The hotel provides good basic services: Wi-Fi free in the lobby area, a full English breakfast, bathrooms ensuite with shower and large bath tubs, clean rooms and a cooperative staff. If you are making a quick stop over in London or spending several days I recommend the Tavistock. If you are a family with children, I recommend its neighbor the Royal National Hotel, which has triple and quad rooms.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",weekend in London,"For a weekend break in London the tavistock is ideal.Rooms are clean but basic,beds are a little on the soft side but that depends on personal preference. Shower,attached to the bath is hot and the  water pressure is good.   Tea and coffee making facilities in the room   Staff are friendly and attentive and immediately sent up extra tea and coffee when we ran out. Breakfast was a buffet and as much as you want,usual full English breakfast or continental. The location in Bloomsbury is Ideal for busses to Camden town,Oxford st, and the theatres in the Aldwych area. Russel square and Holborn underground stations are nearby. I would recommend this Hotel for basic,""somewhere to sleep and have a good breakfast"" weekends or longer.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good standard hotel,The Tavistock is a good quality hotel offering 3 star accommodation at competitive prices clean tidy and friendly the hotel team do their utmost to help and support both overseas and frequent customers well worth the price and great location ideal for all types ,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good overall package,"Stayed several times with a group of friends and for a central London location, decent (if not inspiring) rooms, ok breakfast all at a reasonable price this is a good option.  Even has a ""Boris"" bike stand just across the street so that's available as well as tube and bus links.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1275-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean and excellent value in central London,"Just stayed for the second time at the Tavistock. Yes, the decor is a little tired, and the rooms could not be called luxurious, but this hotel represents excellent value in Central London. The most impressive thing for a hotel in this price bracket is that the rooms are so clean- the housekeeping staff do an excellent job of ensuring this. All the staff I have encountered so far were very pleasant and helpful. The single rooms appear to be of reasonable size- no claustrophobia-inducing cupboards here, often the case when booking a single elsewhere!  Don't expect the Ritz, but if you want a clean and comfortable place to stay in Central London at a reasonable price, consider the Tavistock.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Nothing elegant:  just dependable, great location, + ever-helpful staff","I've lost count of the number of times I have stayed at the Tavistock.  My review title says it all.  If you are looking for 5-star luxury, go somewhere else.  If, however, you take the time to realize that the location could not be better (2 blocks from Russell Square tube stop on the Piccadilly Line) plus throw in the fact that the staff are a bit restrained but always friendly and helpful (especially if you act that way to them), this can be a wonderful place to stay.  Yes, it would be great if the WiFi extended beyond the first-floor lobby area, but not if that brought with it a room-rate hike.  For the price, location, friendly staff, and (in my estimation) great full English breakfast, the Tavistock cannot be beat.  And a block and a half from the British Museum!  I can't…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One night in London,"This is a convenient hotel for Euston station and the BM (although there is a nearer one in this group of hotels). It's well priced for single travellers. The bed was a little on the hard side. The breakfast was acceptable, and everything was clean with helpful staff.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",location worth two stars,"This is one of the examples of you get what you pay for. The hotel is in a wonderful location right at the heart of Bloomsbury and next to Russel Square Underground where you can catch a train to Heathrow and close to the British Museum and Library, lot's of bars and gastro pubs around and if you have business at the UCL, this is more than perfect. This should reward the hotel the two stars. The rest of it is nothing really worth talking about. It's huge complext with hundreds of rooms and they are not take care of as they usually are in smaller places. It's not that my room was dirty, but it wasn't really clean either. The hotel has no charm at all, thus if you're looking for friendly charming staff, this is not the place to come. Staff is professional, deals with you since…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A pleasant stay,After a long time search my friend and I found this hotel in London . The area is very convinient staff polite and the rooms were overall clean (ok it could be better but in contrast to other hotels we expected much worse) .To any of my friends travelling to London I would recommend it .,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1280-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Hotel near Euston/Kings Cross/St. Pancras,"Because of a hastily arranged meeting, I needed a cheap hotel near to Kings Cross at short notice.  I had forgotten about the collection of Imperial London Hotels group hotels along Bedford Way/Southampton Row (I last stayed in one in the 80s) until a colleague reminded me of them. The price for a single room with breakfast was less than ""Room Only"" at any of the Travelodge hotels in the station area. The hotel has been refurbished since my last visit but they have retained the Art Deco theme of the décor. The room was clean and tidy with tea and coffee making facilities.  The bathroom was also clean and tidy with plenty of soap tablets large enough for more than a couple of ""hand washes"" [another plus point over the aforementioned Travelodge chain] though the bath takes a fair…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great for a London Stay,Have stayed at this hotel and one of the other Imperial hotels in London a few times.  For the price this hotel is in a great location and is clean and comfortable.  Breakfast is buffet style but there is a decent choice and the restaurant staff are very friendly.  The rooms overlooking the park are better for the view and the park is nice just to sit and relax on the way into the city.  Close to tubes and Euston/St Pancras. This time we booked a double and ended up with a family room which was huge. Would use this hotel again no problem at all.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Night club in the basement of the hotel !!!! ,"We booked a Superbreak with Thomas Cook. 2 nights b&b with train included. The hotel was in a good position near Russell square. Sadly we couldn't get in our usual hotel the President it was full. The hotel was lovely and clean and the breakfast was excellent. But unfortunately we weren't told that there is a NIGHT CLUB in the basement of the hotel. OMG the noise !!!!!! was shocking it made the room vibrate and we where on the 7 th floor.  Room 726. We rang down and complained. They just said sorry and they would tell the Dj to turn the music down lol. It didn't happen, this went on till 3 am, both nights. The Night club is on Friday night and Saturday night the 2 nights we stayed there. Please be aware if you want to sleep don't stay there on a Friday or Saturday. I have…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",no more than one night thank you,"Had a one night stop to facilitate doing a show in the west end. The front of house stuff is fine and the staff pleasant enough. We did book on a budget through Super Breaks but wow the room was small!! Ive never been in a bathroom that tiny. WE slept Ok though there was a lot of noise from a night venue nearby. Its not badly located about 10 minute walk from Kings Cross and about 20mins to our theater. We booked on a B& B basis however the breakfast is a very plain continental style affair with toast and fruit/cereals, you can have a full English for a £5 supplement. Incidentally if you are booking a theater break do it yourself on line ""Super Breaks"" put a huge chunk on top.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Returning for my 5th visit in July,"I am looking forward to my 5th visit of 18 days to The Tavistock in July.  I love this hotel.  As other reviewers have pointed out it has state of the art 1950's decor and looks a little worn in places.  However, from my point of view that makes it comfortable.  The hotel and staff are both very welcoming.  The location could not be better - 3 minute walk to the tube and served by several buses.  The square across the street is beautiful and has benches allowing a restful visit.  Sunday afternoons reading The Observer in Tavistock Square is very relaxing.  The breakfast is excellent.  The breakfast staff are very friendly and some of them are long term.  Don't forget your Breakfast Card,  There are no little bottles of body wash or shampoo.  I drop by a drug stores (chemist?)…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1285-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good location, bit tatty","Went to British Museum exhibition, so very easy to walk, and handy from Euston where we arrived. Had to have a twin room as no doubles available, and facing onto the inner courtyard. Not a terrible problem as only using the room to sleep and shower. However, it was cramped,  very stuffy and hot (in March) so sleep was not easy as opening the window was too noisy. Wi-fi only worked in the foyer, so if course this was packed with people. Not too good when you are trying to work out routes and places to visit. On the upside, breakfast was excellent and restaurant staff were superb, they deserve great praise.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Phantom Of The Opera,"Happy with Hotel for the price...Good English Breakfast, the staff were very friendly and quick with your Tea/Coffee served by them.......The only draw back was the hotel was too HOT, even with the radiators turned OFF.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good if you can get a budget deal,"We got a budget deal through Trivago on our weekend stay and for what we paid we have no complaints. We had a twin room on the 7th floor which was comfortable and had all the amenities we would expect from a three star hotel (it's rated as four star). The bathroom was a bit pokey and the room itself a little bit spartan. Perhaps some pictures on the wall to brighten things up? Breakfast was buffet style so plenty of it, lots of choice and it was reasonably cooked. We didn't use the bar or eat in during the evening as we had a dinner booked elsewhere.  The location is very good, on several bus routes and not far from Russell Square underground station (Piccadilly Line), Euston and Kings Cross/St Pancras. Its about a 25 minute walk to the junction of Tottenham Court Road and…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Tavistock Hotel, near Euston, Kings Cross, St Pancras Stations.","Everything about the room was 'acceptably adequate', without any aspect being plush, or luxurious.  Price of the room was reasonable for being in central London, and only ten minutes walk away from main stations and underground made it hugely user friendly.  The first night (of three) we were granted a free three-course meal in Jacques (next door), but you could only select from a very limited and uninspiring menu with this offer.  The portions were certainly generous, well presented, and it filled a need we had for quick meal before a show, but doesn't reflect particularly well on the hotel itself.  I would rather have had a '£20 off' voucher to use there, and then would perhaps have enjoyed the experience of dining at Jacques rather than just tolerated it. Decor of the…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Alright for a few nights,"Good location, but otherwise just an okay hotel. The breakfast was minimal. You'll be better of having breakfast at Costa or getting something at Tesco Express (both are located short walk from the hotel towards Russell Square station). The shop right next to the hotel is expensive, wouldn't recommend unless you're in a hurry and absolutely need something.  The wifi does not work in the rooms. You can get a password and username at the reception, but it only works for four hours (less if the wifi kicks you out, you'll need a new combo to log in again).    The shower was difficult to set to a nice temperature. There was no shampoo, just pieces of soap that were replaced with new packages after each cleaning. I was very disappointed by this. Such horrible waste!  The teacups in…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1290-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice Stay,"We went to London in Februaryto see a show that had been pre-booked as a gift for us. Usually we drive everywhere but this time we decided to take the train....... After a stressfull journey due to train changes & delay etc we arrived at our hotel. Check in was easy but when we got to our room it was a twin & not a double. I phoned down to reception who said to go back down. Our room was changed without question.. no problems. Our room was clean,warm and comfortable.Breakfast was excellant and there was lots of it. The Hotel is situated within walking distance to the tube station,theatreland, good shopping area & lots of places to eat Our stay was nice despite the cold weather and yes I would stay here again",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget friendly stay,"I just wrote a review on my travel blog which I'll share here. I cared about three things when it came to accommodation in London: location, cost (cheap), and cleanliness. During my browsing I came across the Tavistock Hotel and it was most fitting for my budget and fit my location desire.I knew from the costs and reviews that I should not expect the Ritz  and for the most part, the Tavistock Hotel was what I expected.   The Good:  -Early check in: Not sure if this is something everyone would experience, but an amazing part of my trip was I was able to check into the Tavistock at 10am. I e-mailed beforehand and was told mostly likely the room would not be ready so I arrived expecting to simply drop by luggage off, but tried my luck, and I could check in! This was FANTASTIC and…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, great water pressure","There is a bit of shabby chic to be found here at the Tavistock. The Art Deco is well preserved, and the staff serving breakfast garrulous and friendly. The room is cute, clean, and small; a place to sleep, not hang out. No wi-fi in the room, only in the lobby.   The water pressure of the shower and size of the tub are lovely - we brought our own toiletries and recommend you do the same, but after a long day of sightseeing this was a nice little retreat.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Suitable for one night,"Stayed for one night in twin room on 6th floor. The hotel itself is OK but really needs a complete revamp. Public areas not very clean but room was fine. Breakfast was average and very busy. This is not a hotel I would stay in for more than one night however, location is excellent. Not all staff speak English. Front of house staff are OK but not very welcoming. ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Satisfactory,"This is my 4th(I think) stay at the Tavistock. It was ok but not as good as all previous stays. My room was on the 6th floor, all clean, a twin room, one bed rolled when you sat on it, the other didn't, the window didn't close, the TV remote didn't work so the volume was full all the time and couldn't control. These were not major points so I didn't complain. As many say the hotel can be very hot so the window wasn't a bad thing in fact.this room didn't have a hair dryer and some do, you can borrow one, a £20 deposit is required I had trouble returning it as they only had twenty pound coins to give me back so I had to wait half an hour for someone to come with a key to open the cash box.Most rooms seem to have been renovated now but others I've had were much nicer than this…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1295-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad for thre price,"Stayed just one night here after attending a presentation  in Pall Mall. Rooms are a little 'compact' but  if in London  you only usually need it to sleep in. Tiny tv , but again just to catch up on the news etc it was ok. No shampoo or shower gel , but knew this in advance, lots of the little bars of soap. I understand if you ask in reception for either than can provide, think this is a good idea to keep costs down. Could not get the wi fi to connect on my phone, but that may have been me at fault. Rooms were quite warm so at this time of year it was fine, not sure  what it would be like if it ever warms up in London. Breakfast was ok, nothing mind blowing , but hot , coffee a little bitter , but starbucks is around the  square if you need a proper coffee fix. One thing that…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very good for the price,"Many good things in this hotel when compared to other hotels in the same price range:  English breakfast is included, free Wifi in the hotel lobby, generally good and friendly service.  Our room was a little bit worn out, paint missing here and there but it was otherwise clean.  Beds are not the best but ok.  Only on electrical outlet in the room but as I always have an extension cord in trips lasting more than a few days, that was not a problem.  One more good thing is that the water taps are not water saving ones which are really irritating.  Hand wash sink, however, had two separate taps...  When I booked our room (6 nights), there was an offer for a free dinner in one of the chain's restaurants.  We had our dinner at the Indian buffet restaurant in the same block.  I booked…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"Just back from a couple of days in London.  Stayed at this Hotel and found all the Staff in the Hotel extremely friendly and helpful.  Rooms although basic were homely and very clean.  The breakfast was tremendous with a choice of cereals, different fresh juices and a superb array of cooked items.  The Staff in the Restaurant were very obliging and kept on refilling our cups.  Would definitely recommend The Tavistock Hotel.  Will definitely be returning for a longer break.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central hotel at a budget price,"Only problems with this very central hotel a) Traffic noise - so ask for a back room b) No shampoo, so bring your own!  Room was a good size,  decent breakfast.  Very handy for British Museum.  Very reasonable prices in bar, concierges/reception staff helpful.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice place to stay,"Big clean room, friendly staff and reception, lots of breakfast. Interesting old building. Nice location between the British Library and the British Museum, and close to a lot of other convenient places.       ",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1300-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not for business visitors,The hotel staff at reception was very friendly. The room was small and ok size for London but extremely basic with stained bedding and blankets that looked like they were made out of some plastic material. There was no wi-fi in the rooms. The staff at the restaurant for breakfast was appalling - the tables were dirty and they just kind of brushed them off in front of me. From the whole experience the best thing was the location of the hotel. ,Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great find,"We were booked into this hotel on a group booking, so we had no choice, we thought it would be dissapointing experience - however the opposite was the case. The staff were friendly, plus the rooms were clean and tidy. What did it for us was the location. You couldn't get much better. Pluys the breakfast was great.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value and very close to Euston Station,"This is a straight forward 3* hotel and part of the Imperial chain. It's ideally located for Euston station, at less than a 10 minute walk away and all of the other main attractions are also easily accessible, by tube, bus, or on foot. Our room had a pleasant view overlooking Tavistock Square and it was clean and functional. The shower is really powerful. We had no problems with noise. Full English breakfast was included in the price of the room. I wouldn't choose to pay for it otherwise, but it was hot, filling and adequate. Based on the room price though, it was good value for central London. I paid with the wrong bank card when checking in and didn't realise until check out, totally my mistake. Teresa on reception was super helpful and sorted it really quickly and without any…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great price, great location","My fiancé and I stayed at the Tavistock Hotel for 6 nights altogether with a break in between. The rooms were a standard size for London and the price was reasonable combined with the fact we got a continental breakfast included. The WIFI was fast, it would have been better if you could access it in the room. The price of drinks in the bar was excellent for Central London considering most places jack the prices up, Tavistock kept quite modest which was nice, you could also use the WIFI in the bar which was nice sitting around on the net with a English Ale. We needed to store 2 bags there for 5 days in between our stay as we were heading over to Europe and it was CHEAP to keep our bags there, 2 bags for 5 days was 5 pounds, cant get better than that!! All in all, a good hotel in…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Just OK,"Stayed in May, 2013, with a group of friends.  Started with room overlooking Tavistock Square, but bed was wet (don't know what THAT was), and was moved to another room in the back.  No view, but at least bed wasn't wet.  It was very hot in the rooms -- can't imagine what it would be like in the Summer.  As one of our other friends from the UK said, the hotel is ""very tired"" - lobby and breakfast are the best bits.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1305-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",average,"simple, reasonable value for central London location. Two main annoyances - there was no internet access in the room, you have to sit in the lobby in order to go online and check emails. As I was in London for a business trip, having to work like that was very inconvenient and uncomfortable. The wake-up call also never happened, which was a close call to me almost missing my meeting",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,Stopping at the Tavistock hotel in Russell square good price for rooms nice and clean all sheets cotton staff very helpful land hotel very local to oxford street Tottenham court road 20 mins walk always working in London so would stay their all the time .,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Would not use again,"Turned up at my hotel to find that the room had not been booked and had to pay again. Rang to complain but no one answered the phone, sent emails and got no reply, will never use again The hotel was fine and helpful;, Gala was not ",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London weekend,"Hotel is in great location, easy walk to Kings cross, Piccadilly circus, Covent Garden,20-30minutes The room was clean, Hotel lacked atmosphere although staff were freindly. Breakfast was average all in all OK for weekend break but could be so much more if it had a little TLC.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value,This hotel while not fancy was good.  It was convenient to the tube as well as buses.  Rooms were smaller but clean.  The full breakfast which was included in my stay was better than the usual.  I would stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1310-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not exactly helpful customer service,"I arrived late at night, while raining after a long trip . Although I showed them NY booking from my mobile (confirmation mail) they insisted on printing it. Of course I didn't carry a printer with me... I asked then if I could use it the printer they had in the desk besides me. They declined for no reason and they sent me with my luggage to print it  an Internet store a few meters away.  The room was fine and the breakfast mediocre               ",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great value,"just spent 4 day break herethursady to monday, friendly service, very clean & great english breakfast. close to euston station & 20 mins walk to picaddily. ideal for short city break ,will use again!!       ",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Review,"This is the third time we have used this hotel.  The check in is simple, the staff are friendly the hotel is clean and food is ok.    The location is brilliant for Kings Cross, Euston or St. Pancras.    My only moan is the towels.  There are not enough if you wish to bathe and wash your hair and they are very very thin.  They have been dried in too hot an atmosphere and consequently smell of burning.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location & clean,Great location near by the centre.  Great staff attitude.  Clean warm rooms Wifi available only at the entrance foyer and not available in the rooms. Poor breakfast - you must pay extra for having the english breakfast. No face towels in the bathroom bring your own. Bring also your shampoo and conditioner. Shower column annoying.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A port in the storm,"We only stayed one night - out of necessity - as all the trains to the North West (where we live) had been cancelled owing to storms. We had travelled from New Delhi to Heathrow, and had arrived at Euston in time for our cancelled train. We were pleased to find vacencies at the Tavistock, where we'd stayed many times before, and had a pleasant but brief stay there. It's nothing speaial but good value for money and well situated for Euston and for museums, art galleries and restaurants. ",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1315-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",We hit lucky with our room & the staff were smashing,"Reading some of these reviews, I can't believe we stayed at the same hotel. The weekend was a birthday gift to me from my best friend involving a 2 night stay at the Tavistock and tickets for ""The Bodyguard"" on the Saturday night. Reception was friendly &  efficient & we were allocated a 3rd floor room which had recently been refurbished to a good standard. We had a lot of storage, a separate bathroom (with shower) and toilet which was helpful but there was no shower gel or shampoo provided & the towels are bath towel size rather than  bath sheets. However this was the only criticism we had in the time we stayed at the Tavistock. We had a good flat screen TV and the beds were very comfortable. We decided to eat out on the Friday evening and Maurice, one of the porters, gave us a…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London trip,"Eleven of us travelled down to London for the Welsh match at Twickenham.The result was awful for the welsh but England were the better side.Thankfully the Tavistock made up for much of our disappointment.It provided basic ,clean and comfortable accomodation at a reasonable price.The rooms are small and quite dated but they provided all we needed for our two night stay.The staff were ever helpful and the brealkfast filled the spot.Again basic offerings,plenty of it and pleasant staff.The big bonus was that its position meant that we could travel easily to anywhere in the and even to the ridiculously distant Twickenham.Not five star but not 5 star prices either.Enjoy.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good 3 star for London,"Very good clean hotel with good size rooms for London.  Excellent location and very pleasant staff.  Breakfast was good enough.  Would certainly make a return visit.  Allowed to check in early and check out at 12 o'clock.  Would not advise you to use the Jacques Wine Bar for food, we had a complimentary 3 course meal and it was dreadful, should maybe stick to serving wine.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",fantastic holiday in London,"Me and my family consisting of my husband, my son and I had a great holiday in London last summer. We stayed at Travistock hotel and we were very pleased. A nice hotel close to the tube and central London. The hotel was good, but the breakfast was very repetitive and not particularly inviting. Staff at the hotel were very nice and accommodating when we had questions. Their wifi connection was bad and even though we were made ​​aware of the free wifi only worked in the lobbythere were even there bad connection. The rooms were good and spacious. Our overall experience of the hotel is very good and we would recommend it to others.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap hotel in London but very basic,"Six of us meet up twice a year for a reunion. We decided on the Tavistock hotel and to be fair the room rate was very reasonable for a central London Hotel. It is odd to pay in advance, but having looked at some of the other guests it seemed like a reasonable idea on the part of the hotel. The staff seemed a bit young but we were processed quickly enough. Do not stay on the 8th floor because the left hand lift is missing the button marked eight, so we could only go up in the right hand one!  The room was small, the bed just about met the dressing table and it was impossible to sit on the stool. The television did not work, but we established that the TV was fine but the socket was dead. It all looked a bit tired and the spare chair was in the recess that was the wardrobe. The…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1320-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel vs Bad breakfast,"everything is good about this hotel (rooms are clean, the staff is nice, it is perfectly located near the Russel Square) except for the breakfast which is not as good (there is not a big selection, french toasts are usually cold, the orange juice has more water that juice).   Regardless, if you just want a place to sleep a good night and enjoy the city it is a good option. ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value for money for a central location,"My wife and i enjoyed our stay at the hotel which was clean, comfortable and offered good value for money for the central location, close to Euston, St Pancras (for the eurostar) and Kings Cross.  The hotel is close to the British Museum and Russell Square tube station and a Waitrose in the Brunswick centre.  The centre also has a range of shops including tesco nearby and coffee shops with free wifi.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Commercial travellers and touring coach parties,"I stayed here earlier this week whilst attending a conference. Booking was made by the organisers. Reminded me of the sort of establishment that used to be frequented by commercial travellers (I know I am showing my age here and realise that the world has moved on hugely) also several touring coach parties so the place was busy. You can't fault the location with plenty of eating and drinking establishments within walking distance. Overall the place looked tired and in need of some TLC. Room was comfortable, clean but very much on the small side. Breakfast was the usual buffet affair, might have been good when first served but was luke warm at best and both sausages? and bacon were swimming in a pool of fat and eggs yolks were solid. That said should that be to your liking there…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Don't know what to say,"This is the first time I have been stumped for words.  Never before have I had no positive thoughts about a hotel we have stayed in but this place was awful. Where do I start?  The rooms were poky, sheets torn and fraying, towels likewise. Don't have a shower unless you want to wash you hair also.  Fixed showerhead with no movement whatsoever. Rust showing everywhere in the bathroom.  Agreed they do supply a decent door hook but put your washbag on it, and you won't be able to get out of the bathroom. Breakfast was dismal.  Overcooked bacon, greasy eggs, bland sausages, topped with overcooked and dried out baked beans and tinned tomatoes not a fresh one in sight.  Cold soggy toast and serving staff who treated us as if we were having school meals. You were very lucky if the…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Won't stay here again.,"Beautiful, original Art Deco features in the public areas but the rooms themselves are bland, basic and tatty.  The room was spotlessly clean and the bed linen was fresh and crisp.  The towels however were small, thin and grey.  I had been travelling most of the day and felt very tired when I arrived, so I decided to have a sandwich or something from room service.  Unfortunately communication with room service was very difficult, the person on the other end of the phone could hardly speak English.  My first and second choice of sandwich was unavailable due to lack of ingredients and it was suggested I go downstairs to the restaurant and see if they could make a sandwich for me.  I had just come out of the shower and decided to forget food and just go to bed. And so to breakfast;…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1325-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Ok if you are on a budget, cheap for London but very basic.",Stayed here for a night with friends. It was ok but very run down like it was stuck in the 1970's! it must be pretty typical of the Imperial chain of hotels in London as we have stayed in the President before which was virtually the same. It needs doing up but if you want a reasonably priced budget hotel in London its ok. The breakfast wasnt that cracking but it did the job. Handy for stations & underground but really so are most places. It did us for one night but I dont think we would stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Best Location,The apartment was a short walk from the Fielding Hotel and easy to find. There is a lift to take you up to the third floor. The main bedroom is spacious and has a very comfortable bed. Will rent again.       ,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Wouldn't come again,"I visited the Tavistock with my mum with two walking sticks and my son with a wheelchair. I'd booked our trip through Thomas Cook using super break. However, we didn't get off to the best of starts when a very curt - foreign (from further time spent here it's apparent there are no English staff) - receptionist, informed us that she would have to move our room. She then went on to tell us that she would now ""have to move rooms around"" - not very welcoming at all!! The bedroom was big but sparse. Very noisy, a lot of comings and goings into the cupboards next to us. There Is no denying that a coat of paint is more than needed, but the Art Deco feel is very nice. The concierge is only helpful if you want to book something. I asked for some help getting a taxi at night as I was…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",wonderful mid week break,"2 friends plus my wife and I booked a mid week break at the Tavistock Hotel in Russell Square, London. A 5 minute walk from Euston Station and a 5 minute walk to the nearest underground station. We had an evening meal on our first night and breakfast for the next 3 days. There was a good choice on the evening menu and although the breakfast was self service there was a plenty of variety. The  food was well cooked and plentiful. It set us up for the day so we only needed a snack at lunch. The hotel was very clean and the staff were all friendly and helpful. The only complaint I had was even on the 7th floor the rooms were very hot, even with the windows open. One guest referred to it as the sauna floor, after our stay I now know what he means. The hotel was well placed as we…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good central hotel,"Stayed here for my 40th birthday celebration with 3 of my close girlfriends booked through superbreak. I asked for a room at the front of the hotel ( no noise issues ) and these rooms are refurbished - nice and clean albeit small. Breakfast ok, thou luke warm food and coffee was disgusting, very unhappy moody breakfast resturant manager not what you want to see first thing on a morning. However, good central location which is what we wanted and we got a free meal at a choice of 5 different places one night which was great - would go again but not pay for the breakfast. ",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1330-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice area with good communications,"We, the family, have stayed at Tavistock on two occasions and been pleased both times. The hotel is nice by London standards and as the title says, the communications are good. Buses downtown right outside the door. Russel Square subway just around two corners. You can spend the day in busy central London and then take a short bus or subway ride and find yourself in a much quieter part of the city. Still there are plenty of options for food and drinks nearby.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good,"The hotel is well placed to get around London, 5 min walk to St Pancras, 15 mins to Covent Garden etc. the area is very nice. The rooms are adequately sized they are clean and have tea and coffee. Breakfast is OK. Very well priced for London.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Well located hotel,"Some problems for guests  choosinge from the continental breakfast and English breakfast. Very well located, near Saint Pancras Int. Station and Underground. Close to British Museum. Nice staff, clean rooms       ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Best bargain in Downtown London,"Can't beat it for location.  For its value, hotel is clean, coffee/tea and color TV in the room; pleasant breakfast room service. Helpful, informed, concierge.  Rooms are small, but adequate; price is reasonable.       ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Spartan, OK, internet misrepresented","Room: spartan, but OK.  Didn't always get hot water in the shower/tub. The lack of shampoo was disturbing.  Breakfast: very good  Internet accessibility:  this is misrepresented, since it's only in the lobby and renewable every 4 hours. This should be improved and the hotel should be honest about it.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1335-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value & Location,"Just come back from 2 night stay at this hotel (17 & 18 January 2014).  Excellent location, clean and very functional room.  Staff very helpful, especially when I discovered I'd locked my key for the suitcase lock inside the suitcase!!  Hotel Bar prices excellent.  Having just paid £11 for two small glasses of wine in a pub it was a pleasure to pay £4 for two small glasses in the Hotel Bar.  Perhaps only negative point was that the bath towels were extremely small, bit like trying to dry yourself with a face cloth.  Hand soap only in the bathroom.  Would go to this hotel again, walking distance from King's Cross, Covent Garden, Theatres and main shopping streets.  Great.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic value for money !!!!,"We stayed in tavistock hotel London 27th dec 3013. Situated in Russel square .  Staff really friendly !! Rooms standard but perfect as your in London and don't spend time in room ! Double bed , tea and coffee in room, hair dryer , fresh towels and needing daily and a bath and shower! Check in times says 14.00 but we arrived about 12.00 and our room was ready . When leaving there is a 50p charge to hold bags. Breakfast is a help yourself buffet style breakfast, both full English and continental. Variety of breads and cereals . Tea and coffee and fresh juices !! Perfect breakfast before your long day out in London ! The nearest underground is Russell square about a 5 min walk .  The hotel was clean and I would definitely stay here again .",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here whilst attending study weekend so needed to be close to university, though would recommend of visiting London for other reasons. Twin Room which was very clean (room 310) though the towels have seen better days and the bath towels are on the skimmpy side. Bedding clean and fresh and atmosphere great in the bar and breakfast area. Really close to tube (Euston Square) to get around London. One improvement would be for breakfast quality - is 'ok' but main reason for rating score.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"Tavistock Hotel has a good location for those travelling by train into Euston / St Pancras / Kings Cross. Looks out over Tavistock Square which is quite pleasant. There is some traffice noise -  as to be expected in Central London but the windows keep most of it out. Comfortable, excellent breakfasts. The staff are courteous and quite a few of them have been there a long time. Parts of the hotel have a slightly faded feel, but it is clean, warm and well kept up to.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else.,"This is a below average hotel. The service and attitude of the staff is lacking, with a few exceptions. The central heating is set to maximum at all times and leaves the hotel including ones room(which cannot be individually regulated) very unpleasant. It has a decent location, however there are better hotels nearby for similar money. The breakfast is poor - do not pay for this if not included.   The clientele seem more on the back-packer ""let's get wasted"" lines- be warned for noise and unruly behavior that is difficult to escape.  Stay elsewhere. ",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1340-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent place to stay in London,"The Tavistock is rated a 3-star hotel, but I would rate it as good as you could expect a 3-star to be. It has an ideal location, especially if you are travelling via Euston station, as it is less that 10 mins walk away. Nearest tube is Russell Sq (4-5 mins walk), & buses to West-End pass hotel every 7-10mins. The staff are very friendly. The rooms are very clean, & beds comfortable Our room contained a fairly new television, & had tea making facilities. Breakfast was superb, full English or Continental. Wifi was only available in foyer & on the slow side, which may cause a problem if you need to use internet a lot. As I said, it is a 3-star hotel, it doesn't have a swimming pool or sauna, nor do the rooms have a fridge or trouser press, however, if you are a normal, average…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap and Cheerful,"Went for a 2 night stay for grand daughters christening. Good value package included return trains to Edinburgh. Good central location. Friendly staff, wholesome breakfast. my dear old mum left her bag with passport and money in the restaurant and they phoned straight up to return it. It has a big turn over of guests mainly continental but for such a central location very good value indeed.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Secure Place to leave your Luggage,"I stayed here for 2 nights in December. Reasonably price (for central London). Rooms are basic. The heating was very powerful and made the room so hot that I once had to open the window during the night.  Breakfast is pretty good - especially the bacon. I recommend getting the English breakfast option.  The hotel is only about 7 minutes walk from Russell Square Tube station.  My room (608) had a nice big bath tub. The water power was good and the temperature was hot.  When you check out, if you want to leave your luggage at the hotel and collect it later, you can leave it in a securely locked room behind the porter's desk. They charge you just 50p for that.  One thing which was a bit strange was at check in I was asked for my passport number. I'm a British citizen. When I asked…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great stay yet again!,"Just returned from another great stay at the Tavistock. My rating is based on value for money, location, cleanliness, staff friendliness and breakfast and other facilities. Guests should not expect a 5 star luxury hotel for the budget price, but everything you need is provided by this hotel and I have stayed there many times over several years and have always been very pleased. The location is second to none, close to Russell Square tube and the British Museum etc.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Fantastic value for Central London,"I stay regularly at this hotel as it is very close to Euston station (5 mins walk) Totally satisfactory for a short stay, the rooms are clean & comfortable, if a little old fashioned. Not five star, but if you just need a bed and a decent breakfast for a very good price, look no further !",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1345-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Friendly,"Nice clean hotel, staff are friendly. Housekeeping efficient, although the rooms are on the small side, (really small). Breakfast was good, variety a little slim, as there was no cheese!  Excellent location of hotel. Close to all the major sites in London. I walked with my daughter to the British Museum, Oxford Street, Covent Garden, and Trafalgar square!  Had a wonderful time, the hotel was a good place to come back to after a hectic day of shopping and sightseeing.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Decent,"We stayed at the Tavistock for a week and came to love the place! But as anywhere there are pros and cons, so I'll list a few!  Cons - 1. The Internet. There's only free Internet in the lobby, unless you're lucky like me, we got weak signals from level 1. Everyone uses the wifi in the lobby and that slowed things down majorly. Also they use a printed code thing that expires every time you step from one room into another.  Extremely annoying.  2. The staff. The staff on general are good but the bad ones drag them down. The breakfast room staff especially,  im sorry but old lady with the attitude, you have to be nicer to the guests and not scream at them from across the room. There also seems to be a racial segregation of staff which was concerning.  The white staff were all front…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"A very nice hotel, star rating spot on, great location for everything London!  Walked to the hotel from kings cross station, about 15 minutes. Russell Square tube station just around the corner. Travelled for a long weekend.and was really pleased with the location. Had a fantastic pre theatre dinner in Hix restaurant Brewer Street Soho.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very Handy,We made the trip to do a show and some christmas shopping we find the Tavistock situated quite close to euston station so it is very handy and it is of a good overhall standard.  Hubert & Sandra Truman,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value,"We stayed early December for 3 nights with a party of 6. Good location ,close to the tube and good bus network. Rooms basic but clean and warm. Just quite a lot of noise from the bowling alley below (room 223, stay at the other side , we got moved). Our room was just above and kept us up to 3 am ,although our friends close by where not too upset. We got the free meal deal for staying 3 nights and it was good with large portions. Breakfast was basic but good with attentive staff. Bar basic but very reasonable, pints of beer from £3.10.  We where all pleased for the value of this hotel and would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1350-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London Weekender,"The Hotel was nice and clean and the staff on the whole friendly. Rooms small but for the price what you expect. Good location for buses and underground. Break fast fine and plenty off choice.  There is a nice Indian Buffet, Greek restaurant nearby also supermarket/ corner shop.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Better than expected!,"This was a brilliant very central hotel, I came not expecting much and was nicely surprised. Decor little outdated but staff were lovely and we were very rarely actually there. 10 minute walk from euston and a 5 minute walk from the nearest tube station. Breakfast was lovely and worth including when you book. Also the hotel bar has very cheap drinks for Central London and very comfy. Will definitely stay here when I next visit!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",London Stay,The hotel was nice and clean.  Room was pretty small but we only slept there.  Free breakfast wasn't that great and wait staff wasn't friendly but the concierge was extremely helpful and friendly.  Excellent location!  That made it worth staying there!,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Great position very colse to subway, bus and walking distance. Room clean but very small a bit noisy. Poor breakfast. Overall good value for money, when you consider we payed 40 euros per person per night",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good Location, Good Value","I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend for just under a week last August (2012). I made the reservation based on a suggestion from a friend to check out this branch of the Imperial Hotels chain. I was told that the hotels are clean, safe and well located. We came into London on the Eurostar so the Tavistock was only a short walk from the station which was done easily with our roller-board luggage. Upon checking in we went up to our room and found a clean, well updated room that had multiple windows and a fairly newly renovated bathroom. During our stay, we found the hotel itself to be reasonably quiet and well attended. The add on breakfast was a good value with all your staples including bacon, eggs, fruit and cereal. The hotel is located right across from a small park and…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1355-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"I did not have a good experience staying at this place however I would still say that the hotel is good value for money for Central London. The staff is anything but courteous and the breakfast is best avoided. The room I stayed in had an issue with the lock also!   All in all, I would rather stay uptown on my next visit rather than at this place, but in case you have to put up downtown, then this really isn't that bad an option.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good price for central London,"As a hotel this place is pretty good.  It's hard finding a reasonably priced hotel in central London and this place is fine.  (It is ideal for anyone visiting Great Ormond Street Hospital, which is very close by.) I would stay here again because it ticks the price, cleanliness and location boxes.  However having had the breakfast on my first morning of my two night stay I could not contemplate eating there again.  The scrambled eggs were execrable and I felt rather sad for the pigs who gave their lives up for those sausages.  (Having said that, the food might do if you just wanted to load up for the day to save money and weren't too picky about taste/quality.)",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Ok hotell. But bad breakfast!,"Good location and the rooms ok. The wireless worked bad, specially in the morning and evening when everyone was trying to go online. The breakfast was a disappointment. You travel to England and have to pay extra for a English breakfast. And the breakfast that was included was small and the coffe and tea came late too us. If you pointed that out you got a bad replay back...",None,2.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value,"I booked an overnight stay with breakfast for myself and my wife at a very advantageous price. The hotel is very well situated for Euston, St. Pancras and Kings Cross stations, as well as the British Museum and countless restaurants. The room was on the small side, but spotlessly clean and more than adequate for our purposes. The bathroom was alright, it had a hairdyer but only soap. so bring your own toiletries! Breakfast was plentiful, a good range of buffet and hot dishes, but the quality was decidedly ordinaire. All in all, I would book again if the same price were offered.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","No issues, would stop again","Easy registration, we had room 730 in seventh floor, bed comfy, shower hot, bath nice, pillows ok. Quiet, good breakfast. Staff ok. A great location with easy access from Waterloo station (168 bus, Russell sq tube or £8 taxi)  Nuff said...............",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1360-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent,"Freiendly staff at reception, good fast straight forward check in. We was on the third floor, the room was perfect, bed clean and comfy, bathroom with white fluffy towels, and a good shower. There was a hairdryer in bedroom, kettle, coffee,tea, suger and milk. We also had a male cleaner, which kept the room spotless and supplied coffee , tea, milk and sugar everyday.  Breakfast starts at 7:00am - And they have every thing you want, part from mushrooms and blackpudding, they even had yellow fish. Staff were very friendly.  Excellent location near tube staition, walk down to the Strand and you can catch any bus.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",a huge disappointment,"Not my first time in this place, and i waited to return. Stayed in the Tavistock hotel for 5 nights. room on floor 7 Great location. 5 min walk from euston station and to Russell Square Tube Station, pretty good for getting to most attractions BUT   No air condition  It was so hot in the hotel and rooms it was unbearable  Old tv with a slim selection of channels Noise: The road and bars nearby make it a very noisy place to stay The small single bed was uncomfortable  The pillows are dreadful Bathroom has very old sinks, the Shower was so low it hit me in the chest Skinny towels, four bars of soap in the bathroom, but nothing else   I'm not going back if I can avoid it.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Stayed 2 nights with friends to attend a company Christmas do and the theatre. The hotel was clean but a little dated. Our rooms were adequate size but poorly equipped for the standard of hotel and price paid - I recently stayed in a budget B&B in Blackpool for a quarter of the price which was better equipped.  There were only 2 small bath towels, of very poor quality, I understand we could have requested more but I would have expected to find at least 2 hand and 2 bath towels. The tea and coffee provided consisted of 2 packs each containing one tea bag, one coffee sachet, 2 sugar sachets, a flimsy stirrer and paper napkin - both the tea and coffee were bad! There were no tissues other than toilet roll and to get a hairdryer I had to go to the housekeeper's office on the 8th…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget hotel with character,"This was the second time we've stated at the Tavistock. It is very well situated in Bloomsbury, a short distance from the nearest tube station and easily walkable from the West End (about 20 -25 mins). The hotel has an attractive, stylish Art Deco reception area and restaurant- most of the fixtures/ fittings appear original. The room was fairly basic, but clean and in pretty good decorative order. Breakfast is served in the large restaurant, and there is a choice of 'full English' or 'Continental'- the staff were professional and polite, the food reasonable. We like this hotel because it is traditional, unpretentious, appears well run and is pretty good value for money considering the location overlooking Tavistock Square. I would have rated it  3.5 stars because, in my opinion,…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tired Tavistock,"This hotel has the potential to be a fantastic hotel. It has a superb situation in central London, but it is very tired looking. There are some wonderful art decor features which need renovated, the corridor carpets looked sad, the bar could do with some new furniture, and the television in the bedroom had enough dust on the screen to write your namein. All that said the staff were very obliging, the rooms were generally clean, and the breakfast was good. Comw in Imperial this should be your flagship, rather than your tugboat.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1365-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location!","We booked this hotel and we didn't think it would be much good but we were totally wrong when we walked into the hotel. Friendly staff at reception straight forward check-in and up to the room on the 7th floor, the hotel is like the tardis-bigger on the inside! The room was perfect, 2 beds, bathroom-shower/bath everything you need. The rooms might be on the small side for some people but are perfect for those who just want to rest after a days walking around London! The 2 negatives about the room - there wasn't any hand towels just 2 bath and one to put on the floor and the rooms/corridors get very warm, we had the window open all night. Breakfast starts from 7am - And they have everything! Fantastic staff down there as well very friendly and happy. That day we were going out…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",First impression misleading,"My first impression was that I had booked into a tatty hotel, later I was able to see the positive features  and was not at all displeased. The corridors yes look tatty, particularly the doors which  refurbishing, replacing or at least a good coat of paint would work wonders. The bathroom was very uncomfortable and small, but eventually came to terms and managed to move in the confined space. On the positive side, the room quite ample, spacious and comfortable, the bed linen very clean, staff helpful and English breakfast superb. Excellent location and all in all a good place to stay proved by the fact that I have booked again, perhaps very good would be a slight exaggeration!",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is still has it's original style,which is so Art Deco that it should be applauded,I for one was amazed. The room we stayed in was small,basic and very clean.the towels were small,so we asked for another two and got them,no problem ! The breakfast offered you a large choice,was hot and tasty,really set you up for the day.this hotel is in a great location and an easy ten minute walk from Euston.great for a short stay.i would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very basic and no wifi in rooms,"Bathroom door looked like it was recycled from a hostel.  No shampoo or tissues provided.  Old tv, eventually got it to work.  Two very small thin bath towels A colleague had a boiled egg that had such a black outer yolk it must have been there for ages, toast soggy and bacon felt dried out from the heat lamps Wouldn't stay again, thankfully didn't spend ant time in room other than to sleep, would have hated to have to try and work in the room, not very big",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","An old place, with no charm","Hotel is very big, with no touch of personality, no decoration of the rooms, corridors. Reception OK, no more. Rooms small, unfriendly, bathroom nothing special. Beds OK. Attention : No Wifi in rooms, you have to go in the lobby to find a mediocre connection.  Breakfast room huge and noisy, service unfriendly (as is the whole place).  However, prices are reasonable and the situation nearby main train stations, university and metro/bus lines makes this place practical even if dull and unattractive.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1370-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget Hotel in prime location for London sight-seeing/theatres,"Located in Russell square a few mins walk from the Tube. Check in process was smooth - they will keep your bags for you if your room isn't ready. Foyer area is distinctly lacking in atmosphere should you need to spend any time there. A friend and I stayed here on a cheap weekend deal. Our twin room was clean, comfortable and adequate, looking out over Tavistock square. bathroom was fine, with several small bars of soap but no shower gel or other toiletries. The TV did not work, not that it mattered to us.  There are not enough lifts to cope with the guests - sometimes we had to wait ages for one and when it arrived it was full. Easier to use the stairs (if you can find them).The hotel is on a corner of 2 main roads and can be noisy. We had full English breakfast included in our…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great stay,Great hotel.................stayed here lots and they are doing works on the hotel. Beds and rooms good with ensuite and bath. Lovely staff and good breakfast. Only down side is you can not be guaranteed a double room.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good location,"Nothing fancy but in a good location for getting around London, room a bit small but adequate, needed the heating on as it was cold, the pillows are dreadful: so thin. The room was clean and kept tidy, but the bathroom was freezing as no heating in there, and the floor got soaked every time the shower was used. Breakfast adequate you could eat as much as you wanted, shame there was no yoghurt to go with the continental breakfast. Don't know if we would stay there again, prefer the Imperial.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",stayed 19 to 21 november,"enjoyed our stay good, service staff friendly, breakfast average, very easy for public transport to all attractions. Within walking distance from London Kings Cross and Euston railway stations. would use this hotel again.                                                               ",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great location,"Good location, clean and tidy, helpful staff 10/15 mins easy walk from Euston, 20/30 mins walk to theatre land. dropped of bags early, and left them after we had checked out so we did not have to drag them around all day. Breakfast ok, rubber eggs, not much choice of cooked breakfast for veggies.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1375-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Welcome Rest,"Found this hotel in the internet, good priced London hotel close to three main line train stations. A little tired in bedroom decor, but query lobby in 1920's style. A fabulous included breakfast with lots to choose from including fish. If you are looking for a respectable, reasonable London hotel then this has to be a contender, will certainly stay again. ",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value, good location: just remember it is a budget hotel","This hotel is a very good choice for the solo budget-conscious traveller or visiting academic researcher as the location is nearby many of the major names in London University’s college network as well as key tourist sites of interest. In fact, the global subscription-only Eduroam wireless service actually worked fine from my room because of the nearby proximity of university buildings, despite there being no formal in-room wireless available via the hotel itself (which is par for London’s cheaper places, even now unfortunately). One of the things I like about this place is the 1930’s style art deco features that still form a part of the lobby and public rooms which add some atmosphere to what is otherwise a fairly ordinary budget class hotel in central London. Nevertheless,…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Dated, tired but just about acceptable","After a promising, charming art deco design in the lobby, the hotel got progressively worse as I approached my room.  Dated, shabby interiors and fittings.  I think the lift has transported me, TARDIS-like, to around 1982!  The room was quite large, the bathroom had no room to swing a cat, and only provided a couple of bars of soap.  Tea and coffee in the room which was fine and the beds were comfortable enough and clean.  Thin walls was the worst aspect.  The Chinese people in the room next to me started having a party about 2245, and had I understood Mandarin, I'd have been able to hear every word and possibly joined in the conversation (!) - luckily it didn't go on for too long.  Although my room looked onto Russell Square, it was not as noisy as I was expecting, and it was a…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good experience,"I found this Hotel very good value for central London. Good location, the staff were polite and the room was clean and quiet. Breakfast was good too. Would definately return or recommend. Art Deco feel was very nice.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap and Central,"we just returned from our 2nd trip to this hotel , if you want a base for a central London based break this is ideal . Tube station Just around the corner and a short walk if you are more in to walking . we stayed 2 nights to visit a family member  and go to afternoon tea / show that was given as a present from our kids.   the art deco decoration in the communal areas is nice but not every ones taste but we like it.  we didn't sleep to good but we live in the country side so being in the hustle and bustle of the city with the noises that go with it wasn't the hotels fault . so take your ear plugs. The room was clean and looked newly decorated and the bed comfy . breakfast was good but could have been hotter for my personal taste, but when catering for lots of guests we…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1380-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Clean, basic room but excellent value for money surprised at how much space we had for central London. Good selection at breakfast, continental & cooked  - buffet style - cheap and cheerful. Would go back and would recommend to others. Really well located, just a short walk to Tube. ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Noisy,"Stayed in the Tavistock hotel for 3 nights. Great  location. 5 min walk from euston station and pretty good for getting to most attractions. We never got a good night sleep in the 3 nights, the beds were solid but the main reason was the constant noise from the lifts. It sounded like giants were moving furniture around. This was very regular from early morning till very late. I suppose we could have asked to change rooms but I couldn't see this being a remedy as we were already 5 rooms from the lift anyway.  The breakfasts were pretty average with some chaotic goings on. We actually missed the last breakfast we paid for because of this. I personally would recommend elsewhere. ",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pretty good value for Central London!,"I was working locally, and needed a clean and convenient hotel within walking distance of my location. I was pleasantly surprised by the interior, as I'd always thought the place looked a bit tired and dated. Quite a lot of refurbishment must have taken place recently, as everything looked surprisingly good, and still kept the ""deco"" feel. The staff at Reception and check in were functional, but could never be described as being welcoming, interested or friendly. The wine bar food was very average, and a bit pricey, but probably in line with the area in general, but the staff were very offhand and disinterested and inattentive. If I stayed there again I would definitely go out to one of the Italian or French restaurants nearby which offer far better value and friendly service. …",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value in a good location,"Located in Tavistock Square - so only a 5 minute walk from Euston Station, the Tavistock is very convenient for a visit to London. The nightly rate is very reasonable for London and by booking online and looking at ""Deals"" it is possible to get an evening meal included in the rate if you are staying for 2 nights. The rooms are small but adequate. Certainly no frills - one towel per guest and no air  conditioning but the windows actually open and that was fine in October. Buffet style breakfast was generous. There were hot and cold choices and everything was replenished regularly.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",a disappointing experience,"Booked as part of a Super Break Theatre weekend  Good points - Hotel is situated very close to all theatres, Convent Gardens, and to Russell Square Tube Station. A couple of mins walk from the station and we were there.  - Our room was clean, with fresh bedding. Two pillows per bed which were not bad quality.   Bad Points  - The staff were awful rude, sulky, sullen, with no customer service. At check in we were not told we had to bring our breakfast slip with us in the morning and that breakfast was until 10.30am. We arrived at breakfast at 10.20 (with no slip!) and were told we didn't need it now as we only had 5 minutes. Food was okay quality, although no difference between the poached egg and the hard boiled as it had be sat there so long. Tea was brought to the table if you…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1385-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"Basic hotel. Does what it says on the tin. Reasonable price for central London. Reasonably clean. Friendly staff. Nice bar, reasonably priced drinks.  Good breakfast.  Ideal location. Good value for a short break.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,We were in London for various reasons and the location of this hotel was perfect as there was more then one tube station near by. The rooms were cleaned daily and the housekeeping staff were wonderfully polite and always greeted you with a smile. The breakfast staff were also brilliant considering the breakfast room looked like chaos when it was actually very well managed. I have no complaints at all about this hotel.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","location, location, location","Treated my sister to her first trip out of US 18 yrs ago.  Previous London trips had convinced me that Bloomsbury was the best area for our stay.  The Tavistock's affordability sold me.  By no means the nicest or most spacious place, it was more than adequate for one week there.  I'd definitely go there again since I prefer to spend on food and theater rather than lodgings.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A good deal for central London,The Tavistock is a basic but well run hotel offering clean rooms and friendly efficient staff. It is well located in a very pleasant area and a 5 minute bus ride [from Russell Square] to the heart of shopping in Oxford Street.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic! A bed for the night!,"I stayed at the Tavistock on Wednesday 6th Nov 2013 with a friend as part of a theatre trip package. The hotel served it's purpose as a bed for the night but sadly is very rough around the edges. The decor in the bedrooms and hallways is very tired and dated. The twin room had the two normal beds and also a camping bed set up which took up the only available space in the room but was quickly removed on request. I requested an iron and was directed to an 'ironing room' on the 1st floor where I found the cheapest, most basic iron (probably £4.99 from Argos) and an ironing board with a sheet over it. Honestly, the money that the hotel must make, they could put the same standard iron & board in every room, or have a supply that can be delivered to the rooms on request. Aside from…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1390-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great hotel, location great...clean rooms...","Visited this hotel for two nights, great location for theatre land, within walking distance of many attractions. Clean rooms, bit small but adequate, reasonable prices I the bar. Great morning breakfast, had lunch in adjoining small restaurant, which was very nice. Staff were all very obliging from reception staff to porters who were very good with directions... Would stay here again.....",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend break,"Stayed for a weekend break . Returned to this hotel after a terrible stay in the royal national , lovely staff lovely  food in the wine bar and breakfast , rooms on 3rd floor are nicer than 5 th but still clean comfy beds ",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient location,"we went to London for a two day break and booked the Tavistock Hotel following reviews we saw on Trip Advisor.  The hotel is close to Euston station and close to theatre land. The hotel itself is a bit dated, the room was small and the décor was like something from the sixties.  However in saying that the bedding was clean as was the room. There was a tv, kettle, hairdryer available in the room. The staff were pleasant and helpful. Breakfast is ok, self service so if you are up late then its just warm and no more.  We had a 3 course meal for free on the first night which was  ok in the Jaques  restaurant which is in the hotel itself although you can use other linked hotels. If I was returning to London I would use the hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Does the job,Have stayed here 6 years running. To me it does the job the breakfasts are great eat as much as you can if u are continental breakfast u can opt to pay £5 and have a cooked breakfast. The rooms are basic but the beds are comfy and they are always clean. Front desk are always willing to help and very polite as are the catering staff in the restaurant. It's in a great location Holburn and Russell Square underground 5 mins walk Kings across and St Pancras at a ten minute walk we don't tend to use the underground we just walk everywhere straight down Southampton row links u onto Strand easy access to cross Thames also British Museum 5 minute walk covent garden 10 minute walk Buckingham palace about 20-30 minute walk everything is within reach. I have to say try and stay on lower…,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Very basic hotel,"Great location but very basic hotel. Old and very used of everything even the bathroom has very old sinks etc, old but not charming, old as being old. Breakfast was poor- we had a continental breakfast that was too basic: tea or coffe, simple Cereals with some miserable thin toast bread, some jams ( cheep ones). For a fiver extra you could get the English breakfast that looked basic too, but it had the porridge while a continental breakfast does not have a porridge. The room was warm which is great, but I could not see any air condition around for hot summer days. The staff was just okay- in the reception and in the breakfast room the staff looked a bit miserable.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1395-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad for the price,"We have just returned from a 4 day break to London staying at this hotel. On arrival Reception staff were welcoming and efficient. Our room 511 had a good view of the park opposite. The room I would describe as small but adequate for purpose. The twin beds were comfortable and the room was clean. Old TV, coffee/tea making facilities, wardrobe (3 coat hangers) Bathroom was again small but clean. Soap provided but no other toiletries. The rooms and corridors are a bit tired. Breakfast was again adequate but nothing special. Staff in the Restaurant were very smartly dressed and provided a reasonable service. On occasion issues with clearing away one course to provide space for the next. Tables were on the small side and not helped by the size of the jam holder which took up far too…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Stuff,"This is my tenth stay at one of the Imperial Hotel establishments and I have never been disappointed. What can I say clean rooms, helpful staff,  good  quality hot breakfast and great location. A free welcom dinner to top it all.  I shall definitely be back.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good value,This hotel was great value for money. A great location too. The staff though out the hotel were polite and helpful. The breakfast was ok but became a bit dull after a couple of days but there was plenty to eat and the food was hot. Our room was kept lovely and clean.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",GOOD TOURIST HOTEL,"A good reasonable hotel located near Russell Square, only 5 minutes walk from Russell Square tube station (Piccadilly line) Rooms very comfortable, nice comfortable beds and soft pillows & crisp bed linen, Bathroom nice and clean and shower very powerful, towels changed daily also flat screen TV with full  freeveiw channels. Breakfast substantial & tasty for class of hotel, sets you up for the day. Hotel staff very polite and pleasant. Would recommend this hotel highly for a weekend in London at a reasonable price and so central ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Satisfied,"We have stayed at Tavistock Hotel several times because of the value for money, the location close to the railway stations, to places we want to visit and to central London like Oxford Street. The hotel has no luxury, but everything we need.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1400-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent value,"This hotel is not luxurious, but has an excellent location. Many places are walking distance, like The British Museum, subway station, shops. The room is basic, but very clean, white crispy linen, comfortable beds, clean bathroom with a good shower; no amenities except for a small bar of soap. The rugs in the room and corridor look new (third floor). A little noisy at night  in a room facing the street and low floor. The English Breakfast is adequate: eggs(scrambled and fried), beans, tomatoes, mushrooms, ham, bacon, sausage). The staff is helpful. In the morning the elevators are packed, and may go back up before reaching the lobby.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",60th birthday,Perfect for a trip to london..i always stay russell square as its perfect for shopping and the theatre..quiet room a bit small but heybu are neverbin your room.out at 9am back at 11.30..breakfast great,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",nice hotel,"didn't expect the hotel to be up to much, but it was a really nice hotel. beds were so comfy! after all the sightseeing and walking just what I needed. rooms were lovely and warm and shower was powerful. I was on 5th floor facing the park and such a nice view. central enough to walk into main bits of London and only a 5 min walk away from Russell square underground station. staff were friendly and helpful. breakfast was ok coffee wasn't great but the orange juice was nice.  there a atm and phonecharger in reception.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Terrible,"This was a really cheap subsidised deal through work. We thought as price so cheap we could manage a basic hotel for the weekend. Location ok. Lobby ok. Staff have no customer service skills. Passageways to rooms were filthy and the whole place smelled of a elderly residential home. Room tiny basic and grubby although sheets clean. Now for the heat. It was so hot in the hotel and rooms it was unbearable even with windows open. Radiators off yet still so hot. So uncomfortable coupled with the smell of hotel. Breakfast was bad. Piles of cold toast like rubber. Fatty bacon, cheap sausages just overall poor cheap produce. Hotel is just taking advantage of where it is but full price over over £100 per night is laughable. We were unlucky enough to be affected by the train…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Unhelpfull staff,"We stay here for 3 days ,the service was terrible the staff was very unhelpful from the woman at the reception to the waiters at the breakfast bar,we arrive at the breakfast bar 10 minutes to closing time,they were refusing to let us have breakfast and the waitres even turn the back on us!!! I wouldn't recomend this hotel to anyone ,even tho it seems to be cheap for the money we pay was not worth all this unpleasant experience !!! ",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1405-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Decent accommodation and a wonderful location,"A friend recommended The Tavistock to me as being a reasonably priced, comfortable, no-nonsense hotel: she was right.  I have just spent two days there and will certainly return.  The Tavistock Hotel has a charming, rather old-fashioned, genteel feel about it, which I loved.  The lobby is well staffed and the receptionists and porters are all polite, kind and helpful.  It was good to be able to sit in the lobby in a comfortable arm-chair and use the free wi-fi (not brilliant but perfectly adequate for dealing with e-mails and Internet searches, though downloading newspapers proved impossible).  Being in Bloomsbury and in easy reach of the British Library, the British Museum, restaurants, shops, buses, the underground and three main-line stations (Euston, St Pancras and King's…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good but too hot!,"My third stay at the Tavistock, I was again very pleased except for the overwhelming heat in the room, even with the windows open it was very hot, ( stayed end of Oct) the radiators were stone cold but still hot in the room. It seems all rooms are refurbished now and clean and comfortable perhaps a little basic, still the only problem for me is no safe in the room. It is noisy with the windows open even on the side street. The staff were friendly and polite. I was on the 'Lets go weekend ' deal which was excellent value for money and the food in Jaques (included in the price) was good and generous. This is not a luxury hotel but I think for the location and price excellent value and I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonable price and great location!,"On the recommendation of a friend, we recently stayed at the Tavistock Hotel, Russell Square, London. It was recommended primarily because the price was the most reasonable in central London, and the location is excellent. It was clean, quiet and the staff was helpful and pleasant. The rooms were not very large, but I have stayed in smaller rooms in London at higher prices. The breakfast served each morning was adequate, but did not change at all from day to day. The hotel was an easy walk to numerous underground stations and bus stops to anyplace you'd want to go.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",GREAT VALUE!,"We recently stayed at the Tavistock Hotel, Russell Square, London.  We found the hotel to be very clean, relaxing and the staff to be very helpful and friendly.  Although the rooms were not very large, there was everything needed.  The only problem we seemed to have was with flushing the toilet and apparently that was a problem in several other rooms on our floor.  AThe breakfast served each morning was very good and a great way to start the day. Location of the hotel is excellent...close to British Museum and downtown with access to all kinds of tours available. Staff was very helpful in recommending and arranging tours for us. I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends travelling to London.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for London hotel,"Stayed here just for 1 night.  The room we had was overlooking Tavistock Square, although it wasn't huge I have been in smaller rooms in London.  Plenty of hot water, only had 2 bath towels so not sure if the hand towels were just not there or normal practice.  No air conditioning in the room but for the time of year it wasn't a problem for us.  The breakfast was very good, good choice and the food was hot and the staff very efficient.  We dropped off our luggage when we arrived in London and were able to leave it there the next day whilst shopping prior to catching the train home, very helpful staff.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1410-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent value for the budget traveller. Nothing luxurious but everything you need. Recommended.,"You have to realize that the Tavistock is a budget hotel, but it really does provide the average tourist everything one needs. Very convenient location to St Pancras, King's Cross and Euston stations. Also very close to UCL, LSE, and the British Museum. Several tube stops are 5-10 minutes by foot..  A cool Art Deco lobby greets you when you arrive. The price is right, and judging by this hotel's popularity, you won't do any better for a value proposition in central London.  My kids attend school very nearby and they made the reservation for me for value and convenient location for my 5-night visit. I was quite satisfied. Free wifi in lobby and bar, reasonable drink prices in the bar, comfortable bed, decent (if a little monotonous) full breakfast, wine bar, even a bowling alley…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap hotel bar,"I did not stay at this hotel but just popped in for a drink before going to the Bloomsbury Theatre. This is the nearest ""watering hole"" to the theatre. Prices in the bar were inexpensive considering the location. The toilets were awful and I felt this may reflect the rest of the hotel which tries to have a pseudo Art Deco feel which just does not work. Based on this brief experience I am unlikely ever to return.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average,"Average rooms, way too hot (central heating so no chance to lower it), a little old and not very big (the double bed). Very poor continental breakfast and overpriced (and not looking very good) english breakfast. Good location, specially if going by train.       ",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Walking distance of Kings Cross, Euston & tube stations","Stayed in hotel for 2 nights on a Superbreak.  Basic hotel, good buffet breakfast, evening meal in the brassiere, included in Superbreak deal, was good, 3 courses.  Only problem was breakfast first day huge queue to get seated and had to forage around for a clean cup, saucer and cutlery; ended up having tea in a paper cup which was easier than trying to capture a waiter to provide cup and saucer.  Second day waiting staff in the breakfast room seemed to be much more organised and very attentive.     Took a Big Bus Tour of the City, excellent value for money, hop-on-hop-off ticket valid for 2 days, bus stop around the corner outside Royal National Hotel.  Room and bathroom clean.  Beds comfortable but we were exhausted after walking for miles around London.  Would have been handy…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good Location, Efficient Hotel","This is a member of the IHG London and continues their tradition of quality service and price. The rooms are affordable for the centre of London and the hotel itself is conveniently located near the Russell Square tube station, British Museum and the LSE. It is also close to good pubs, cafes and laundries.The breakfast is very good and their is a reasonable bar. The rooms are clean and are good for those more interested in going out than staying in; this is a good hotel to sleep, shower and dress and then hit the town.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1415-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Well placed for everthing,"If your looking for a well priced hotel with in easy walking distance of Theatre land, Covent Market and The British Museum this hotel should be considered.  Basic Hotel but clean and with great breakfast, we had a three course meal included the first night stay which we chose to eat in the hotel brasserie, the food was really well cooked and delicious.  The Hotel staff are very courteous and pleasant.  Hotel rooms are very basic and a little tired, but very clean and the beds are comfortable, the only complaint if I had to complain would be the pillows as in most hotel I have stayed in they are terrible, and the lack of towels.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Total disappointment,"We booked this hotel for 2 nights whilst travelling by Eurostar. The nights were 1 prior and 1 on the way back.  Both times they couldn't find our booking.  The 2nd time they were particularly bad as we had only confirmed an hour or so before.  They finally put us in a tatty room on floor 6 and as I am disabled this was very unfortunate.    The worst problem was the attitude of the reception staff.  They were appalling both times.  Rude, unco-operative with poor English. On the first night we struggled to eat in the hotel as they said they were full although half the tables remained empty.  Finally we explained that I could not walk and we were found a table. As we were leaving early the next morning we asked for breakfast but were told it was too early.  No offer of an…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",OK hotel for first trip to London,"I stayed in this hotel since it was offered in a combo deal with the airfare. Very good location, walking distance to underground, museums, theatre, etc. It probably needs an update but generally was comfortable.   Service was good and my room was cleaned each day of my stay.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget facilities for a not so budget price,"To say i was underwhelmed would be an understatement. When I booked a 'special offer' at this hotel I thought I stroke a great deal. It was £110 for a twin room, single occupancy, apparently reduced from around £200 if I remember correctly. In this context I guess it was a matter of managing expectations, because I must confess I was indeed hoping for just a little bit more in light of what was advertised as the original price. I entered the reception and was greeted by 5 members of staff bumping into each other behind the desk and talking amongst themselves more than to me; then 5 min later I entered a dated boxed size room with two single beds which made me grateful for my average height. Other features included an antique tv with option of up to 5 channels, a built in…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,"This hotel is very useful if you plan a short stay in London. The location is good, short walk to 3 major railway stations and to the tube. In fact, this is why we chose the hotel – we arrived in London by train in the evening and we had to catch our flight the nest morning.  It is a large hotel with lots of tourists so the service is efficient but not very personal. The rooms and all the facilities are very basic. If you plan a longer stay in London or a vacation consider another place. One can find much nicer and more modern hotels at the same price in a different location. Traveling in London using public transportation is very easy so you can choose a different location and enjoy a better hotel.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1420-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location and Affordable,"This proved to be a great choice of hotel for our group. The location is perfect, close to transport both the bus and tube or walking distance to attractions. The rooms were very clean and comfortable with a good bathroom and plenty of hot water. It was chilly when we stayed so the rooms were a comfortable temperature if you opened a window but that may not be true in the heat of summer. A great breakfast and I must commend all the staff who were always smiling and willing to help with any advice needed. I would stay again for sure as its an affordable London option.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Clean and functional and value for money,"You get what you pay for, this is a budget hotel, rooms are basic and clean but rather dated  Its a very busy hotel but breakfast was nice with plenty of choice but very busy  If you want luxury pay more and don't stay here",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value for London,Spent 2 nights with English breakfast. The hotel is convenient for Kings Cross station being a 10 minute walk. Check in was quick and pleasant and our room was clean and large enough. The hotel is convenient for buses in to Trafalgar Square. The bar in the hotel is pleasant and wifi there and  in reception is ok. Breakfast is very busy but was good and efficient with pleasant staff throughout. After checking out my wife discovered that she had mistakenly thrown 1 of our rail tickets away in the bedroom. The 3 cleaning staff on the 2nd floor were marvellous and spared no effort in finding the ticket-brilliant! They would not accept any recognition-they said they were just happy to have helped. For that reason alone we will return.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",City stay,"Stayed one night. Used as a base near Euston Station. Less than 10 mins walk from station. Great location for our short break,15 mins walk from theatre area. Staff friendly. Room compact but adequate & clean. Breakfast was good, attentive staff. Great for a short break &good value.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Review of the Tavistock Hotel, Tavistock Square, London WC1H 9EU","I stayed here for one night while on a business trip to London. I've normally stayed in the (cheaper) County Hotel which is close by, but it can be very noisy, and having a quiet room with en-suite facilities was important for this trip.  I can confirm that my room was quiet and clean. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom well-appointed with a good shower, The breakfast, which is included in the room rate, was excellent.  I anticipate making this my London base from now on. It's about £20 more than the County, but well worth it in my opinion.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1425-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good value in a convenient location,Providing you are able to get one of the recently  refurbished rooms you will get value for money staying  here. Breakfast was OK overall with the hot food good quality. Staff were friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Just OK,"I don't think the average American will ever feel like they got a great deal for a hotel in London, based on what is available, price and the weak dollar.  We love the $69 internet deal for a chain hotel in the states and that just isn't much of an option in a major European city.  That said, The Tavistock did an OK job.  It was dated and tired inside, no WiFi in the rooms, no AC.  Lots of street noise thanks to patrons of a nearby bar.  That said, it was the best hotel experience we could have hoped for in our price range.  It was very close to the Russell Square and St. Pancras stations.  It was reasonably clean, breakfast OK and comfortable beds.  Considering the price, I'd book here again.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient London Hotel,"We stayed in the Tavistock for three nights mid September this year and found it very convenient to all places of interest. It was good value, clean and pleasant staff. Not luxurious but ideal for people who are on business or sightseeing all day. Buffet breakfast was satisfactory with quick and efficient service.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Period exterior, tired inside,  very budget.","First thing, take your own shampoo etc.  The only thing the hotel provides is small packets of solid soap.  The hot water was plentiful though.  My room on the 6th floor was ludicrously warm.  No wifi in the room, old CRT TV, with a slim selection of channels, skinny towels.  No hairdryer.  Everything about this place screams budget hotel.  I'm not going back if I can avoid it.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",gala reservation services,"I made the on line booking with tavistock hotel and phoned the customer services to follow up with my booking, quoting my booking number and yet, I was told that they do not have any record of my booking. This is unacceptable as my guests were arriving the next day. Please make sure that the people that man the phone lines know what they are doing.  The hotel make a false representation when they say that breakfast was included. They should include that you have to pay more for a continental breakfast.  Most hotels offered wifi services in the rooms and tavistock is not doing that. I find that rather disappointing being a 3 star hotel.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1430-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We have stayed in this hotel 2 days in September. We didn't book this hotel ourselves. After 1 horrible hour in the hotel we have booked over our agency, they moved us to this hotel. The rooms were just fine for a short trip, WIFI was for free,but a bit annoying to always get a code at the reception. Breakfast was typical english but no big choice for people not eating bacon,sausages and eggs. Overall a good experience.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location and price,We had room 207 on the second floor at the front. The room was very warm but clean and the beds were very comfortable. We heard the noise on the street but were so shattered after a day exploring  London that we had no trouble sleeping. The bathroom was clean with a great shower and plenty of hot water however there were only 2 towels and no shower gel or shampoo. We weren't bothered as we prefer to use our own but some people would expect them. The staff were fine-helpful when we needed them. However the waiters in the breakfast room on our first morning did not seem to want to clear tables and waited till they were asked. The waitresses on the second day were much better and were very friendly and helpful. We had the English breakfast which was well cooked and you could have…,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Basic, but good enough","I have stayed many times at the Tavistock....The accommodation is basic although some rooms have been recently renovated and are so more comfortable. The breakfast are buffet style eat as much as you like and consists of continental, full English, a range of cereals and smoked haddock....Grapefruit and orange segments are tinned. The staff are generally ok and as you come to expect with such a large hotel some are very helpful and some appear indifferent. Fronting Tavistock Square Gardens and within a stones throw of Euston and Russell's Square tube stations and Kings cross a short walk away, the location is excellent.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central London,"Well you get what you pay for and I doubt you would get better value in central London. The room was large and clean, a little scuffed around the edges and the bed was not particularly comfortable but what do you expect for less than £80?  Good breakfast choice and as it was an unlimited buffet, you can eat well.  I have stayed here before and would do so again.  Very convenient location.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location but showing it's age,"Our week at the Tavistock was comfortable and basic. The location is perfect and was a joy to have as a base to explore from. The price point is fine, the room was clean and an adequate size and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The downsides to this hotel is it's dated decor in the room and lobby and the continental breakfast was bland and minimal...white toast and jams, 3 bowls of fruit segments (grapefruit, orange, prunes), muesli and dry cereals. Would have enjoyed yogurt or a hard boiled egg.  If you wanted an english breakfast be prepared to pay an additional GBP5 each every morning. The lounge and lobby are the only areas with wifi and each day you had to take a code from a basket at the concierge desk which often didn't work. Make sure you ask housekeeping for a…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1435-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Have stayed several times at HOTEL TAVISTOCK - reasonbly priced for the price you pay. Hotel is clean and breakfast is very limited, but again, one considers price paid.  Wish to share this experience. On the eve of our departure, I hired a taxi service from the hotel concierge to pick us up at 6 a.m to take us to Victoria Station. We were advised that charge was gbp19 to be paid cash direct to drive.r  On the day on service, someone  (Pakistani guy) from the concierge  called us  advising us to come down at 5.30a.m as there were some diverstions and thus avoid arriving late at Victoria station.  We obliged and boarded the taxi waiting outside hotel. After driving for a couple of minutes, driver started complaining about diversions and there and then told us that he will be…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short stay,"Usually stay at the President - but it was full. Here the room was small and hot, and if I was staying for more than a night would find it cramped. Comfortable bed. Clean. Lifts odd - sometimes they went up and down before finally letting me get to my destination.  Breakfast fine - good choice. Didn't use facilities much but wifi didn't work for me in the bar.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel,Stayed in the hotel for three nights and found it to be comfortable. The breakfasts were very nice. The only down siide was the temperature in the hotel....VERY HOT!  Would I stay here again?Definately yes! Handy for the tube.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent value,Excellent value for money.  Very clean breakfast ok. Staff more than helpful. Littlle dated in the public areas. But hey ho for the price you will not get anything better  in London. We had a 2nd floor room at the front of the hotel looked like it had been given a refurb. 4th time we have stayed here. Excellent,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",No Frills!,"Positives:  * Location: Very close to London Euston and the tube network. * Rooms: Clean and basic. Ours overlooked the park which was nice. * Facilities: Left luggage facility (for a small fee).  Negatives:  * Noise: The road and bars nearby make it a very noisy place to stay. * Service: Whilst the reception and concierge staff were friendly the same can not be said of the breakfast staff - we were made to sit by a dirty table, the clean cutlery was just chucked on the table, we had to wait 15 minutes to be served tea despite asking twice and we were not served once with a smile! * Facilities: If you need to iron something then you have to take it to the ironing room on the first floor.  If you are on a budget then this hotel is perfectly reasonable for what you pay.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1440-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"Cheap and cheerful, good breakfast, handy for nearby stations and attractions. The  tap in bathroom which was a bit small was a bit leaky, room itself was fine and nice and quiet. The small bathroom was however made up by the fact that we received a free three course meal on arrival which could be used at any of the chain of hotels. We chose to eat in the Tavistock as we were tired after our travel back from abroad and we really enjoyed the meal. Overall we found this hotel to be good value for the money we paid.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not too bad a place for a reasonable price,"We had a family room which was quite spacious, the bathroom was reasonably clean and the location of the hotel was great (very close to Russell Square station and a few other stations).  Staff very mostly very unfriendly and the room is slightly dated but other than that, I guess I'd have to say it wasn't too bad a stay, especially since many other hotels in the area either cost an arm and a leg or are downright awful.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The only thing going for this hotel is location and price,"I spent a night at this hotel while at a work conference in London. The location was very good, 10- minute walk from Euston station, and the price quite good for a central London hotel. There was some beautiful art deco features too in the lobby and dining room, the service was alright, and it was clean, but that is where my praise ends. The room smelled, of old and smoke, the blanket was torn and the decor, room and hallways looked like they had not been touched in decades. The small single bed was flimsy and uncomfortable, and the full English breakfast (included in the price) was like going back in time to when England had no fine cuisine. I suppose you get what you pay for, but if you want a clean hotel, reasonable price and good location and don't care if it looks and feels…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",shopping and visting London,stayed at Tavistock Hotel many time and always pleasant stay however this time my stay was excellent due to change a lifestyle have a accessible room. I have to stay I have payed  a lot more money Breakfast is always busy but with the number of rooms and guests they do a good job.  Staff always pleasant some must have been there since I stared visiting the hotel and still remember you  pleasant stay in all,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Where do I begin?,"this year I have done H K, N Y, Paris, Turkey and now London and this hotel as by far the worst, almost 3rd world standards. the WC in the room smelt like a city centre public convenience. The miniscule 4'6"" bed was very uncomfortable. The Shower was so low it hit me in the chest. No air con , so window was open all night and London's 24hr traffic was so loud. Bar is like a 1950's railway waiting room. Breakfast was ok. the hotel is so old fashioned and tatty it needs urgent renovation or demolition!! At £100 = pernigth for a double room it is extremely bad VFM. At least the sheets are clean. My advice? Avoid if you possibly can.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1445-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"A friendly, efficient and clean hotel. Minutes away from Euston Station and within easy walking distance of many interesting areas of London.  Jaques Bar, within the hotel is pleasant and has good food",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Capital City convenience,"Attending a Conference near the Mall, we found the Tavistock Hotel which is no where near, but is on the number 91 bus route and takes one from outside Starbucks in Tavistock Road on a scenic trip through the City to Trafalger Square and close to Carlton House Terrace where the meeting was being held.   The Tavistock hotel is a sort of retro art nouveau design mixed with modern touches.  Just as well since the lifts take forever to arrive even though there are several.  Fortunately we were on the first floor so walked. The Staff were incredibly helpful and utterly charming, and our check-in was done with speed and efficiency and when we lost our breakfast card, simply issued us with another without any complications.  Remember this is a city centre hotel in the heart of London…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've stayed in for years,"It's very cheap for its central location, but the quality of the rooms and services is poor. The room I stayed in was tatty, with stains on the floor and walls; the bed was poorly made; the breakfast tasted either cold or rubbery or both; and perhaps most annoyingly there is no proper wireless access - you can only use it from the crowded lobby, and even then the connection is extremely poor. Staff were unhelpful - they gestured glumly, rather than helped, when asked. The hall floor outside my room creaked noisily, so light sleepers beware. Apart from location and price, the only other positive thing to say is that the bathroom was clean.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent Stay,"Brilliant hotel. We had seventh floor. Shower a bit week, but room clean and tidy. Bed really comfy. Breakfast great. Went to Jacques winebar in the hotel for food. Excellent welcome from the staff and the food was fabulous - all freshly cooked with huge portions. Don't forget of course the squirrels in Tavistock Square opposite the hotel. You can hand feed them - so cute !!",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Lacking in customer services.,We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. We arrived late evening on Friday and after being booked in we went for our evening meal in Jaques the restaurant linked to the hotel.  The 2 members of staff we very rude to us making us feel very unwelcome and we all felt embarrassed by the way we were treated. We were pretty much told that they were tired and had had a long day. Other people came into the restaurant after us and were not spoken the way we were.  We complained to the main reception but nothing was done other than an apology. Many of the staff were rude in fact there was only one gentleman who said his name was Ben he was the only member of staff who was cheerful and polite.  If they re-trained their staff in customer service then this would be quite a nice hotel sadly the…,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1450-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",They should be more cooperative with ther customers,"Overall the hotel was average to good. The room was clean. The biggest complaint I have is that when I arrived at 22:00 after a very long journey, they wanted my voucher printed (I forgot to print it). I showed them the email that was the voucher and told them to send it to them and print it. They refused and they made me go to a nearby internet cafe (tired, cold and with my luggage) and pay 1.5 pounds to print it...",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Close to central london,"Very close on the tube to covent garden  Lovely room over looking Russell gardens, this hotel does need an upgrade in the interior aspects as it looks like a posh hotel from 1996. However staff were friendly on reception however when I rang to confirm the booking the person on the other end didn't know what costumer service was  The breakfast includes full English breakfast. - toast- tinned fruit and selection of 2 cereals the only down fall teas and coffees are not the nicest.   Room was clean with small flat screen telly. Lovely clean bathroom   Plenty of coffee bars around with a mini shopping centre near by.   24 hour tesco by the tube station",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap but not so cheerful,"the hotel is 2 to 3 miles from Covent garden, 1 mile to the British Museum. We spent 3 nights over a w/e.The radiator was red hot and would not cool.. a very loud disco played fri. and sat. Kept us awake on the 2rd floor.the mainstair well smelt of smoked fish.,badly. dont bother going.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Small but clean rooms in good location.,"This hotel is very convenient to tube stations, parks, restaurants, groceries and shopping. Rooms are small: we had two twins with about 2 feet on each side and maybe 4 feet at the foot of he beds. Small desk but well lit and good hair dryer. Hot pot with tea and freeze dried coffee. Windows open out to a beautiful park and it was not too noisy to leave open all night. Bath is small but clean. Bar soap provided but no lotion or shampoos. One small bath towel per person but no hand towel or face cloth. Breakfast limited but fresh: cereal, toast, juice, coffee and fruit. Free wifi in lobby only. Staff friendly. If you are only looking for a place for basics, this will suit you fine as is very clean and convenient to everything. ",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Reasonable, overall - but not without issues","Giving a single whole-figure overall grade for this hotel is difficult, because there is a real mix of the good and the not-so-good. Three and a half stars out of five would probably be a more accurate reflection of our experience.  Firstly, the good stuff. The hotel is in a very convenient location for people arriving by train from the Midlands and the North, as it's about a 10-15 minute walk from the major railway stations of Euston, St Pancras and King's Cross.  Being also only about five minutes at most on foot from Russell Square underground station, most popular areas of London are readily accessible.  The cleanliness of all areas of the hotel is also very welcome, and there are plenty of staff on hand to deal with questions, etc.  With eight floors to the hotel, the lifts…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1455-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Liked it!,"3 stars means ""average"" on Tripadvisor but i would like to mean ""good"" with this rating. It's not easy to find a good, clean & new hotel with reasonable price in central London. I've tried several hotels near Paddington and Hyde Park in the past, some of them were really bad, a few were good.   This time i couldn't find any hotel around 55-60 GBP near Hyde Park so i had to try Tavistock even though it's a bit higher than my usual budget. That was a satisfactory choice. The hotel was big, my room was a bit small but this is typical for London budget hotels. Breakfast was satisfactory, but I've only eaten once at the big breakfast salloon as it is always a pleasure to have breakfast in Covent Garden.   Speaking of Covent Garden, the location was really perfect, I could reach…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,"Goog location, average hotel, breakfast is not as good as you excepect. No Internet at the room.  Clean rooms. It took them one day to change the hair dryer which was smoking with short circuit !! Safety concern Expensive for its service but good location ",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Convenient,"All staff friendly, breakfast buffet very nice.. Also got a complimentary 3 course evening meal at the sister hotel.  Beds were not comfortable at all but the room in general was fine.. The hotel over all needed a lick of paint and generally needs modernising.. Apart from that I would certainly stay here again as it is near most landmarks and tube stations at russel square.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","You can't get a better location for the price. An easy 10 minute walk to the British Museum and a further 20 minutes to Covent Garden. it its across from anice Tree line square and garden,It is near everything in the great Russell Square area. equidistant between Russell Sq. tube and Euston tube and main rail station. Buses that go everywhere stop right across the street. I have been staying at this hotel for almost 20 years. It is an Art Deco gem. This is an old 30's era hotel and the rooms reflect the age in size. They are not huge but the hotel is clean and many rooms are recently updated with new Art Deco echoes, new beds and flat screens. Some rooms are still in transition from the turn of the 21st century upgrades but all baths have been redone. The halls, elevators and…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"I came with my son to watch football. The hotel is about 5 minutes walking from the Picadilly line of the underground. The area has resturants and supermarket. The Picadilly line arrives to many central places of interests like Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace and directly to Heathrow. Rooms are small, but we didn't stay at the room during the day and came to sleep only. Breakfast is good enough. Good for the price you pay.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1460-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tavistock Hotel,"Excellent location, great staf. Pleasant atmosphere. Close to everywhere The bed was comfortable. The buffet breakfast room was Excellent. Best value for money considering London is a top value capital city for tourism and business ,overall enjoyed my time here.  Sure I come back to stay in this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reasonably-priced Central London Hotel.,"This hotel was very busy in July, full of tourists and business people milling about in the foyer. My rear-facing bedroom was quiet, sparsely furnished, no frills, but clean, and the bed was comfortable. Towels and sheets were frayed and the whole place could do with a lick of paint.The buffet breakfast room was vast and extremely busy, and it was clear that the staff had trouble clearing tables in time for new guests to arrive with laden trays. There was a good range of cooked food and I'm not sure how the staff checked on whether people had paid for the cooked versus the cheaper continental breakfast, as there was a scrum in both areas whilst I was there. The coffee is served by the staff, who remained smiling, despite the rush. Very handy for Euston and West End for one night…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, clean and basic.","Stayed here for one night as part of a superbreak with my hubby. Let us check in early, room was clean and bed ok. Breakfast was full English and buffet style. The hotel is dated but has some lovely art decor features. Staff were friendly and helpful. Location is great tube and rail close by. It's a basic hotel and obviously well used but for somewhere to lay your head after a busy day in London it's great. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",1 night stay,"A convenient location, 5 minute walk from russell sq tube, lots of convenience stores and eateries near by. The Hotel is easy to check in and out with  no hassles , hotel decor a bit out dated but to be expected from large old hotels , quiet at night if you get a back room busy road to right of the hotel. Not bad value for money considering London is a top value capital city for tourism and business ,overall enjoyed my time here.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Sad and dated,"It's a busy time of year for tourists in Central London and hotel prices at a premium but when it costs over £100 night B&B you expect a reasonable quality. There were plenty of staff around and public entrance foyer and bars have a certain moder ""Art Deco "" style but there was an air of sad and dated. Bedroom was so small you stub your toe squeezing round bed and furnishings dated to last refit about 1970 and fluorescent strip lighting. The ensuite bathroom was clean but very basic with small towels and small bars cheap soap . We were. It expecting luxury but felt this was well below the standard we expected. Best thing was the firm mattress. Two tea bags and 2 coffee sachets don't go far ! No mini-bar so that saves money ! After returning from a meal out, we found the Tiffany…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1465-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","central location, 10 mins walk from Russell Square underground","Stayed as part of superbreak. 10 mins walk from Russell Square underground. Felt very safe, even walking back from underground late at night. Rooms spotless, all staff very helpful. Lovely view to garden at front of hotel, but rooms with no view quieter to rear of hotel .You get what you pay for . would stay here again. Can leave luggage in locked room for 50p/day.Food basic.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Rude and sullen staff,"I was booked in for two nights. On the evening of the second day I could not get into the room. I was told I should have checked out that morning.  The receptionist could not tell me where my things in the room were (confidential papers, clothes, medication etc.) I asked to see the manager but was refused - I repeatedly asked where my things were...it was clear they had no idea. After 10 minutes I was given a key to the original room. The staff were very rude and unhelpful.  They obviously had no concern for the customer...it is a very busy hotel with hoards of tourists and don't care about customer relations because they can always get bookings.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Friendly staff,"As a group visiting London for the Rugby Challenge cup final, the Tavistock was ideal! The location is great close to tube and rail links, also plenty of bars and pubs in the area. The rooms are compact but clean, ours had a view over the gardens. The breakfast was good and all the staff are really friendly and help full. There are a couple of things that could be better ie the rooms are very hot and the coffee in the room was cheap not very nice, but for the reasonable price you pay you can't complain? Would definitely use the hotel again for a weekend.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Affordable price and great location,"This is one of my fav. choice when I visit London. Don't expect a new design hotel with an incredible service, but if you are looking for a good location with an affordable price, this is your place. Rooms are not big and the rooms on the east side are a bit noisy. Wi fi is available only in the lobby and the connection speed is very low.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",No Airconditioning,"I would have expected more from this chain. There was no air-conditioning and the room was boiling hot. If I had opened the windows, it was too noisy for a good night sleep. Apart from that, location wise can't go wrong and a lovely garden in front. Ask for a room with a garden view. My room faced block of flats!",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1470-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I booked a single room recently & when I arrived & saw the room, I considered it ""average."" The ""view"" at the back from this room was of a dirty roof & yard. On the first night, there was an absolute racket coming from outside at the rear until 2330. I was on the first floor & I advise anyone to refuse Room 138. The second night, the noise of loud music & shouting continued until 0200. I called reception then & told them to change my room in the morning. At 0600, a van arrived at the back of the hotel to unload timber & obviously something metal by the noise they were creating. Hence, very little sleep. The noise comes from a bowling alley & is immediately below!  In the bathroom in Room 138, the ventilator in the bathroom was almost completely clogged up with filth, & I mean…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"Certainly stay there again, central to all areas Walking distant to London , trains, buses,tube station Russell square 2 minutes with plenty places for coffee And eating put Hotel Clean, room service for cleaning was on the ball ,         ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great location, good hotel","After a swift exit from the terrible Mentone in Cartwright Gardens, Bloomsbury, I was able to book into the Tavistock by walking in and asking for a room as they had cancellations. Room very nice (was very hot as London in midst of a heatwave), bathroom also very nice. Housekeeping staff brilliant, full english breakfast great, friendly staff at the bar. Will be back.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","For short staying, but perfect location (central)","I had single room , it was really small, but I had all i need - bathroom, bed (smail one.. but comfortable), very positive thing is that they have free wi-fi but at the ground floor at reception. It is good choice for solo travellers who want to discover London on their own - everything iis very close to the place, almost in walking distance. And 3 trainstation also very close - so you can also plan you trips outside the London. But if I stay with my husband in the holidays , i would take more comfortable hotel. And this one littel bit noisy, a lot of young people.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Hotel Nice As Always,"Having traveled to London five times in three years I have never had to book another hotel since.  The Tavistock Hotel was recommended by a friend who knows London quite well & as a keen walker I wanted to stay somewhere within ten to fifty mins walk of local attractions.  Tavistock Hotel near Russell Square is within walking distance of Shaftsbury Avenue, Euston Station, Oxford St & Covent Garden to name a few places. ten to twenty mins walk at leisure.    I prefer to fly & using the tube from Russell Square to Heathrow Terminal 5 is only a few mins walk from hotel.  Inside the hotel offers comfortable lounge space & fine bar area. The atmosphere of the friendly staff & breakfast staff is extremely pleasant & sometimes amusing when dealing with the usually busy morning rush. …",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1475-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Nice hotel in London near St. Pancrass Station,"Nice hotel, good neighbourhood (British Library!), nice location (ideal for people coming to England by train), good prices. The room was alright, not noisy even if there is a street nearby. Friendly staff.              ",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",The best feature is visible by a quick visit to reception,"The Art Deco features are largely limited to reception. The hotel was clearly beautiful at first, but now it's very much a big cash-generator for a company (apparently a family business) that has either no inclination or maybe no funds to invest in it. I've stayed more than once (because of a deal with an employer) and found that rooms in both the (older) front and (newer) rear of the building are tatty and badly in need of redecoration. There are televisions and (fixed-head) showers, and at least in my rooms there were also baths. The bathroom has hand soap provided. There is a TV and a kettle with basic tea & coffee facilities. No hair-dryer. Terrible fluorescent strip lighting. Decent view over the square if you get a ""front"" room (actually a side road so not overly noisy). I…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Better options nearby,"I stay in central London twice or three times a year, for business. My first time in this place, and a huge disappointment. Even though they advertise  free wireless, it is only available in the lobby area and the signal is bad. The room is basic, and without a fridge in July, there are not many options to get cool drinks. The room was stuffy and opening the window only made it noisy. But the worst of the worst is that when I checked out I asked to add my company details to the invoice and the person at the front desk was unable to do it!!! Since I checked in I asked if I could get an invoice wit my company details, and I was informed I could only get it when I check out. When I checked out, the person at the front desk informed me that he could not change the reservation…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A great hotel for the price,"My husband and I spent 4 nights here through Superbreak hotel and rail package. . The hotel is less than a 5 minutes walk from Russell Square tube station. When I read reviews of a hotel, , I like to know the important things such as:  if there's a hairdryer, fridge, tea and coffee making facilities!!! We stayed on the 7th floor and had a great view of the square. We also had a view of the BT Tower displaying ""its a Boy"" The room had 2 single beds, a small TV attached to the wall, a dressing table with a hairdryer, tea and coffee facilities but no fridge! There was a trouser press but you could ask for an iron at the reception if you needed one.. There was no safe in the room. The room was clean and comfortable. They only provided 2 small towels but were happy to give more if…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What Breakfast???,"After coming down for a 2 nights stay in London this weekend was sorely disappointed with this hotel. The greeting at reception was terrible and when asked any questions the reception staff couldnt speak english and tell us any information. The room was very basic there was no fridge in the room so couldnt store any water and boiling hot in London. No AIRCONDITIONING!! The bathroom was tiny and when opened door kept banging other side . Bath with a shower could barely get over as was so high like climbing a steep hill.Beds uncomfortable as were the pillows.  This was an expensive hotel costing £100 per night to include breakfast and when went to breakfast was greated with continental only and if you want a hot one you must pay £5 each on top . There was only tea, coffee, or…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1480-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect Bloomsbury location,"The Tavistock is a large hotel with a stylish art deco entrance and bar, and is situated in a perfect Bloomsbury location, overlooking the delightful Tavistock Square.  By London standards, it offers good value for money, though the rooms are fairly basic and there is no air conditioning. Nor does it offer additional frills like shampoos and shower gels, etc. But the rooms do have a telephone, television, tea/coffee-making facilities, as well as clean towels and soap, and all rooms have ensuite bathrooms. It also provides an excellent English breakfast, available in a large and busy breakfast room on the ground floor, which is self-service buffet style. The real value of this hotel, however, is its location, within easy walking distance of the British Museum and very close to…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Rudest staff I have ever come across.......EVER!,"After booking this hotel for its central location I was looking forward to a fun filled weekend in London with a group of friends. This joy turned to horror upon dealing with the staff at this hotel. RUDE, CONTRADICTORY, SARCASTIC AND PATRONISING are the words I can publish in this review. This really was the worst customer service I have ever received. The room was clean however due to the amount of noise from the crowd gathered outside the takeaway below I got very little sleep. ",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Central hotel near tube and parks,"This is a nice, well priced, period hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. I think the rooms might be very hot and stuffy in summer as in May it was pretty warm. My room was basic and clean which was fine.  A good breakfast. I was able to leave my case in the store room for the day I arrived before check in for free and for after check in it cost 50p for the day for my case.   A small fridge and air conditioning would be good in the rooms.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","lovely staff, clean hotel and greay place to stay","I would often stay here for work of leisure and every time found it to be consistent. The lady, Tessa at the reception was the nicest, politest woman I have ever met at any major London hotel. The rooms were always clean and tidy with fresh towels waiting in my room. Regardless of the time I arrived (often late) the staff were always there to lend a hand.  In the Morning, there is a buffet breakfast with a choice of the usual grub. The gentleman always greeted me at the main restaurant door with a smile and it was lovely to see the same face each time I was there. I look forward to seeing Sabrina in the morning at breakfast. She had a warm smile everyday and was always to hand. She would often greet me at my table and ask how my stay was going and it was nice to know that they…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",My London Home,I have been staying at the Tavistock for many years.   It is a good hotel and the service is friendly and the rooms are good.    One thing that I do finc annoying is that your WIFI is very difficult to connect to and it is a pain to have to log on using a different user name and password each day.  I know that to provide this service in the rooms is expensive however I do think that to have an open hotspot in the lobby and bar area that could be used throughout my stay without having to log on each day would be an added benefit.  I would also like to  comment on  the staff in the breakfast room.  I have enjoyed their friendly service for many years.  The gentleman at the door is welcoming and when we arriive once we see him we feel that we are 'home'.  There is also an Indian…,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1485-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location,"We arrived at the hotel around 1.30pm and were given a double room on the 8th floor, my goodness it was so small and extremely hot - no air con!! We rang to ask if we could change rooms and were given a twin room on the 6th floor which was a slight improvement although the beds were extremely soft. There are no toiletries at this hotel other than a small bar of soap and no fridge in our room. The staff on reception and the concierge desk were extremely friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good and the staff were great. The hotel is in an art deco style which is very tired looking and in desperate need of an update. However we thoroughly enjoyed our stay in London but don't think we would choose to stay at this hotel again although the location was very good.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",very disappointing!,"Very disappointing experience with this hotel! The location may be good, but not much else is apart from that. The staff at reception couldn't be less welcoming. I was handed the card to the room and a bored receptionist didn't even bother to tell me anything else, not even the breakfast hours or place. The room was another bad surprise. On the 8th floor, very small (a double, they said! if that was a double, I wonder what a single looks like), extremely hot, with a strong greenhouse effect in the hot July summer, no air conditioning, windows opening just 2 cm so air could hardly enter through that. A bed of some undecided size on wheels, so when I lied down, it started to roll with me. The so-called ""closet"" was just a niche in the wall by the window, with a shelf and four…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Avoid the top!,"The first night we arrived late and were given two rooms on the upper floors. Dirty carpet.  Outdated furniture.  No AC. It was so hot and the mattress was so soft and worn that I barely slept a wink.  The next morning I asked to see other vacated rooms.  The 2nd through 4th floors have been updated and are at least 10-15 degrees (F) cooler.  We asked to move to those floors. Better for taking the stairs when the lifts are busy and a bed that I could comfortably sleep in. The guys who run the concierge desk were super friendly and informative. For internet, you have to get a login slip (good for 4 hours) and sit in the lobby which is often crowded.  I miss the days when you could sit in the lobby or the bar and talk and meet new people.  Now, it is full of everyone on electronic…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",lovely hotel,went to stay for 2 of the hottest nights in London 31deg!! arrived at 10.30am check in not until 2pm but our room was ready and we checked in with ease. room was nicely decorated a bit small but very clean. great location for all sights 5mins walk from Russell square tube station. had our first evening meal free in the hotel it was very nice. good choice on menu. staff very nice. Breakfast was a help yourself set up excellent choice of cold or hot food presented nicely.staff a little grumpy! but it was very very hot. The hotel itself was a  lovely art deco building with lots of character we would stay here again,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Nice location, rooms still to improve","Very good location, 5 minutes from Russel square. We spent a good time there, but there are some things you have to be aware of. The man in charge of the breakfast was really rude, no English, no costumer service, nothing. Porters are really helpful, and staff reception.. Some of them are really nice, a not very tall young man and some are not that kind... The worst was the room, a bit old fashioned, with no A.C. and no fans either. I will come back, but in another season. ",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1490-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A lot better than reviews suggested,"We stayed here in July for one night. Room was very clean and bathroom was AWESOME! Power shower over a bath and super sparkling clean. The bed was really comfortable and I slept like a log. Location is great, close to transport links for sightseeing etc. Staff (except for porters) were miserable but efficient. The porters had a smile and were keen to help. Breakfast was very average but adequate. This hotel was such good value for money. I was very impressed, in general.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Trouble free stay with FREE wifi!,"The bonus of my stay was the free wifi in the public areas. The location was perfect for 'sights' I planned to see. I was worried about this hotel after reading some reviews but I had a basically trouble-free 7 night stay - early July 2013. I think some reviewers need to consider that if they want the 'Ritz' then they need to pay for the 'Ritz' - and stay there. My room was on the 3rd floor so not too hot - although I'm sure I would have been wishing for an air conditioner if the temperatures had risen into the high 20s low 30s while I was there. The 8th floor where Housekeeping is situated was hot when I went up to drop off laundry, and I did hear some guests asking for a fan to be put in their room. The only bizarre incident was setting off the fire alarm for my room while I…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Worst sleep ever!,"Although the location is really good the hotel itself needs a really good rennovation. The staff was rude and uninterested and the bed awful. We woke up tired and with sore necks. Although the price is good, I would definitely prefer to pay more and have a good night sleep.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Decently located tourist hotel,"This hotel is in Bloomsbury overlooking the lovely Tavistock Square. the amenities are somewhat lacking---bad wifi, not great food and fairly rude staff. But for the price and the clean rooms (and recently renovated on the upper floors), it is worth it.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Appalling staff!,"I am currently staying at this hotel and cannot wait to check out tomorrow! It's so bad that I'm writing this as a current guest. The main issue is the disgusting attitude of the staff here. Rude, arrogant and patronising. They were sarcastic to us at check in, changed there minds about procedures three times in the space of 5 mins and were so uncooperative my husband and I were outraged and it spoilt the start of our weekend away. We asked for a double room as this is what we had booked, but as a gesture of 'not so good will',after our telling off from reception we were given a twin room which has so much noise going on outside we can't sleep! Hence writing this at 3am!! I have no faith at all that our issues would be rectified hence staying in this noise polluted room- staff…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1495-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location,Basic but clean rooms. Could do with more towels no hand towels or flannels just small bath towels. Staff were very helpful. Very handy for Kings Cross/ St Pancras and Euston stations. Would stay again.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Return visit to the Tavistock Hotel,"We have just returned, from a three night stay at the hotel.  We have stayed at the hotel, at least four times before on our trips to the capital.  The hotel staff are very friendly, and helpful, and nothing is too much trouble, for any of them. A useful attachment to the hotel, is Jacques Bistro,  which is well worth visit for an evening meal, after a long day shopping, and not wishing to leave the hotel again.  The bar is also well, stocked, with a varied selection, of beers, and spirits,and it is nice to end the day,with a couple of relaxing drinks.   Since our last visit, all the windows, have been upgraded, to UPVC,and as this time, we had a room, at the front of the hotel on the first floor, overlooking the gardens, this was ideal. It can get noisy when the rush hour, gets…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value,"Having just stayed at the Tavistock for three nights my husband and I would definitely recommend this London hotel. Our room over looked the park at the front of the hotel and when we closed the windows there was no noise so had three nights sleep, always welcome when visiting London. We were entitled to a three course complementary meal on our first night, we managed two courses as the portions were large and we agreed that the food was very good. Breakfast was included in the price again food very good and plenty of choice. Great value would stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Excellent location. Great prices,"I stayed in the hotel for 4 nights. After reading some of the reviews on trip advisor,i was doubting my decision to stay at the hotel. Although the hotel was basic, its location was excellent,the rooms were cleaned every day.There was clean towels and hot water available and a wide selection of tv channels. There was free wifi available and a buffet breakfast. I will definitely be visiting this hotel again. ",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good location, but that's about it","Good location near the Russell Square tube station and the British Museum.  Hotel itself is just ok. I had a nice view of the square, but my bathroom ceiling was mildewed and the beds were small. Continental breakfast is ok, cereal, canned fruit, juice and toast, but I would have appreciated fresh fruit and yogurt.  Upgrading to the English breakfast for 5£ isn't worth it, in my opinion, since that includes eggs, overly salty bacon and mushy sausages, and oatmeal. Internet is only available in the lobby and is spotty at best. ",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1500-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Could be so much better,"After giving up on this hotel 3-4 years ago, I decided to give it another try now that the scaffolding has come off the front and the rates at the Bedford (its much better sister hotel) have gone up much more than the Tavistock's.  I have to say, I slept well in my courtyard facing room, but oh those beds!  They are just as bad as I remember--narrow and with the cheapest possible mattresses.  At least this one didn't have the lumps and bumps that finally did it for me last time. But this hotel would go up in people's estimation if they just invested a bit more in the mattresses! Their single room rates are probably the best value in London, especially when using Euston.  OK, the staff are not always friendly, but many times they are.  Breakfast is acceptable if not imaginative. …",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Night stop for Eurostar,"The hotel is near Russel Sq and the nearest UG is Russel  Square(10-15 min-ish).For an over night for us it was good as we had a room with a double and a single.and was acceptable. The price was the best I could find at the time for the proximity to St Pancras, and you could walk to in about 20-25 min.The room was good as there was very little noise even being within the inner part with air con etc going on.As we had a 07:00 dep from the Hotel we enquired about grabbing something from the breakfast room  unfortunately they could not allow us to get in earlier for breakfast as it started at 07:00 we did ask but so be it. Again as a stop over it's ok. If you want wi-fi you can get a code from the Consierge desk and lasts for 2 Hrs I think. Location wise it's ok for East end and…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","bed,noise,food.","Stayed here the 28/06/13 for two nights with my partner.Room was small, at front of the hotel and very loud music/traffic.Bed was really uncomfortable!!!!!!! Breakfast cold and rubber eggs, no clean glasses for orange juice so was given plastic cups.Would NOT ever stay here again, 200 pound down the drain.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Appalling bed - Room 406!,"I chose this hotel because of its' location, 5 minutes away from the concert I was attending in the evening and close to Russell Square tube.  I stayed in a single room which could have done with a little attention but not too bad.  The main problem was the bed!  I've stayed in many hotels over the years and not once have I encountered such an appalling bed - lumpy springs poking through making it impossible to sleep on.  I had to phone down to speak to the night porter at 11.30 p.m. who managed to get me two blankets to put on the bed, covering this with the top sheet, I slept under the top blanket and bedspread.  I told the receptionist when I checked out but I doubt very much if this problem has been resolved.  Thought the shower was poor too.  Thank goodness I was only there…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","O.K, NOT MORE THAN THAT","very good location,near bus stations ' tube is not far away. rooms are moderate, clean,great view from the window to tavistok squre.stuff unpleasent,and the concierge are helpless,,,we had to explane them,,, continental breakfast - poor and noisy,stuff -eat chewing gum!",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1505-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value For Money,I have stayed in this hotel many times and this stay was as good as ever. I booked a Lets Go Weekend - you have to do it over the phone but £125 for 2 nights bed breakfast and evening meal is great value. Tip - if you want a quiet room ask for one at the back. The rooms are adequate and the one I had this time on the 5th floor had been refurbished. The breakfast is better if you get downstairs early. The staff were very helpful and polite. The location near to Euston station is ideal - you can walk to many places and are not far from Russell Square tube. It costs just 50p a bag to leave your luggage -  cheaper than at any London terminal. I would defiantly recommend the hotel if you want a value for money stay rather than plush styling.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Cheap and central,this hotel is at functional as it gets...the location is perfect as its very central but that is about it... the room is your average hotel size but is in desperate need of a renovation. the breakfast was awful with the waiters totally disinterested in giving us a good service. the most irritating thing was that we arrived around 1230pm and to be at a conference at 4pm so we asked if our room was ready so we could rest a bit as we had a very early morning getting there...the room was only ready at 2.45pm which didn't even give us time to go up to our room!!!,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Rude Staff,"Upon arriving there were two Japanese tourists in front of us who were not so good at speaking English. The man at reception was very rude to them and almost began getting angry with them! It was absolutely disgusting behaviour and I felt embarrassed that he was one of their first experiences in my country. It was also shocking because his first language wasn't English either. To me the reception staff had zero eye contact and mumbled instructions about our room and breakfast arrangements etc.  The breakfast staff were also arguing between each other and even us as to where we could sit. Zero finesse in handling crockery made for a very noisy breakfast experience. The only staff I found to be polite, who smiled and made eye contact were the porters.  Here are some tips for this…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Perfect London base,"I stayed here last summer with my sons for two days of sightseeing so all i wanted was a clean, friendly base within walking distance of central London.  That's what i got, lovely rooms, placed next to each other (three sons 15,14 and 12 so didn't want them miles away but they are a bit old to share with mum). Staff were all helpful and friendly, breakfast was great. The usual continental and cooked selection which suited my boys perfectly.  The Tavistock is just round the corner from the British Museum and walking distance from Kings Cross (seriously .... getting the tube from Kings X to Russell Square takes longer). Ive stayed at the Tavistocks sister hotel, The Imperial, a number of times with work and that too is lovely.  If youre looking for a decent, handy base, look no…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Poor,Stayed here purely as had vouchers to use and choice was limited. Decision was based on proximity to Euston as you can leave your luggage at a cost which I have never known any other hotel charge! Room basic although clean. Staff very curt bordering on rude. Breakfast was a joke with the food poor although after waiting in a long queue we were shown to a table that was piled high with dirty plates etc. It took five minutes of pestering to find a waiter to clear who then they left the dirty table cloth. It served a purpose although little more.,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1510-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"This hotel has only one positive aspect. It's 5 mins waloing from Euston Station and 2 mins from Russell square, that is central London.  Apart from its location it's overrated and overpriced. Poor rooms, holes on the walls, carpet with huge holes and smelly. Bathroom very small, no windows and not even a working aspirator. The room was very hot and no chance of ventilation but opening two tiny and dirty windows, which meant no sleep because of the London traffic  Breakfast was just horrible  Forget it. There are better places around",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Appalling Customer Service,"Lucky enough to get tickets for two, first week of Wimbledon. Therefore booked train, hotel (reserved on credit card) and the odd restaurant, two months before. 4 days before our trip, got a phone call from the hotel to say the credit card had been declined (there had been some fraudulent activity on the card in the interim and they had issued me with a new one).  No problem, I said, I can give you another credit card.  Sorry, they said, your rooms have gone..  Couldn't believe it.   Later spoke to the management who couldn't care less.  Been to this hotel many times over the years. Never again !! Impossible to find a room in London four days before Wimbledon starts for less than the price of a second hand car Don't know what we are going to do",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Overrated, overpriced and poor","I am not one to be naturally negative, I stay in a variety of hotels most weeks. I have never felt the need to be critical of premises who do their best for clientele - however......  On arrival, reception staff were obviously under pressure, even though there appeared to be others standing round with nothing to do....  I was allocated room on the top floor. The lifts were small and very busy.... This hotel was stiflingly hot on the top floors, with no means to reduce the heat,,,,  the floors creak and groan (on the upper floors) which means you are treated to residents walking the length of the corridors. There was no hot water in the basin, though the shower was good. Towels were well past their best. The night before, I stayed in a well known budget chain hotel in Glasgow -…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Comfortable and down to earth,"Initially I was concerned when I read some of the reviews,I need not have worried my room on the third floor facing the side of the square met all my needs.Comfortable bed,clean bathroom with lots of hot water,flat screen tv,tea and coffee in the room.If you needed anything all you had to do was ask and reasonable request were met.The breakfast was more than adequate and it was lovely to have tea and coffee served at the table.I have to say have stayed in pricey hotels and breakfast can be like an army assault course,this is not the case here a very relaxing feeling that went with the Art Deco surroundings,it must have been a stunning place in its heyday.The one thing I found annoying was the amount of whinging guests looking for things to complain about,I can only imagine they…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Tired but clean and good location,"Large busy hotel  Initial impression was desperately in need of a refurb. But the staff were always helpful ( if a bit deaf when you wanted coffee at breakfast). Room clean and mid sized. Very, very hot at night but I was on the top floor lower rooms might be better. Breakfast was fine but didn't eat any other meals in the hotel as people said the food was cheap ish and  poor quality. Only paid £79 a night for a double room including breakfast so for a mid week high season central London hotel not bad.   Did fel sorry for the tourists as really was quite shabby. With a bit of TLC the 30s decor could be Beatiful.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1515-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great budget stay,"My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in May. Mainly chose this hotel because of the location and the price. Our room overlooked Tavistock Gardens which was nice. Nice sized room, and fairly comfortable bed. Good that we could adjust the bedding to suit. Most hotels these days don't layer their beds, and you either have a sheet, or a hot doona. The rooms were too hot. The airconditioning needs to be turned down. You shouldn't have to open your windows to cool your room down.The pillows however really need to be replaced. Nice to have a room with a bath. Ample breakfast in nice breakfast room. Chose not to pay and extra 5 pounds each for the option of a full breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good hotel with failings,"I stayed in this hotel for one night. I found it very comfortable with an excellent breakfast. But there were failings. Firstly, although there were tea and coffee facilities there was only one tea and one coffee per person. Secondly, when it came to running a bath I couldn't turn on the cold tap so had to wait until the water had cooled down enough! Thirdly, when I tried to pull out the bath plug the chain came away so I couldn't drain the bath! It would take a pair of pliars to remove the plug.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",basic,"stayed twice april and may.both times in room on second floor facing a roof in centre of buiding.room was hot but window opened so was ok if a bit noisy.the only noise was the odd door shutting.no extractors in bathroom so was very steamy.cooked breakfast looked ok but continental consisted of toast like rubber as it was pretoasted and left under a heat lamp, 3flavors of corn flakes and packet juice.coffee terrible but lady serving it was helpful.All the upstairs carpets and walls looked rundown but public areas in reception were ok.all in all,small rooms,a bit shabby but fresh linen every day. Tthe great thing was being on piccadilly line direct to heathrow 3 pound offpeak",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value for the heart of London,"I stayed at the Tavistock for a week in May.  The hotel was recommended by friends and it did not disappoint.  The 4th floor room was very clean and reasonably quiet considering that it overlooked a fairly busy intersection.  The bed was a little lumpy but being exhausted taking in the sights soon made for a good night's sleep, despite the mattress condition :-).  It was great to make tea in the room was most welcome after a long day of sight seeing in sometimes cold, and rainy, weather.  A full English Breakfast buffet was included with the price and was great, especially the scrambled eggs.  Hot tea/coffee was served by very efficient and kind dining room staff.  The location was excellent, between the Picadilly and Northern Lines, and getting to and from sight seeing points…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A grand old dame that needs revitalising,"We had a weekend stay. The rooms are small but servicable. Whomever changed the windowsill in my room (plastic, not my taste) should have been supervised to ensure they replaced the torn wallpaper. The extractor fan in the bathroom of room 830 does not work, but I'm sure they're aware of that, having been made aware by the chamber staff. Nylon backed foam rubber blankets on the beds! Who would have believed it? No bath towels supplied, but I daresay they would have been available on request. Why is the bed on casters?  Try and read in bed and the bed will roll away, only 9"" or so, because that's all the room there is between the bed and dressing table.  Satellite TV is not as advertised, fewer than 10 channels. Breakfast is good, you can hardly go wrong with this though. The art…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1520-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Disappointing Hotel - good location,"Stayed at the Tavistock for one night late last week. Location is good being close to Kings Cross Station and central London. Opposite the hotel is a pretty park/square and the hotel itself has some impressive and beautiful art deco features.   Check-in was stressful and after 15 minutes of waiting whilst the rude and unhelpful gentleman checked the computer we were given the same room number as the other group in our party - we had to query this and eventually got correct rooms. Whilst at reception we also witnessed a member of staff on the phone to what we persume was someone complaining and the conversation ended with the member of staff getting angry, slamming the phone down and saying 'you can p*** off'.   The communual areas are run down and rough. The carpets seem to get…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An utter shambles,"This has got to be the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. The rooms are filthy with paint peeling from the walls, clear signs of dampness and some rather dodgy looking stains on the carpets and walls (photos will follow). The hotel is incredibly noisy, although the noise levels were not helped by the fact that my bedroom window was hanging outside its frame!  I'm here on business for two days but, rest assured, I will be checking out after my first night.  Truly appalling!",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A little too expensive for what it offers,"The hotel is ok: the rooms are clean and not as tiny as sometimes happens in London; the breakfast is ok (coffee sucks, but hey, that's UK for you), there wifi in the lobby and the towels are changed regularly. Everything is quite clean. The beds are not great, but not horrible. There were a lot of complaints about noise from people staying on another side of the corridor, so take that into account - though I myself did not experience it. Location is quite good, very close to tube, within walking distance to centres when one can eat and so on. Very close to the British library!",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Nice neighborhood, but stay somewhere else if you can","Staying here on a business trip, and having just arrived from the States, I was placed in Room 139.  Having enjoyed a lovely hot bath after a long day-and-a-half of travel, I put my head down only to be awakened about an hour later.  It turns out that Room 139 is right above a bowling alley!  At that point in the evening, the bowlers had had several libations and were cheering loudly with each strike.  Happily, the front desk put me in another room, which meant packing and unpacking when what I really wanted to do was sleep. Other than that, the other disappointment with respect to business travel was the paltry wifi, available only in the lobby.  When all of the Internet-surfing guests glommed into the lobby, the bandwidth couldn't handle it.  Oddly, the free wifi in the park…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Tavistock Hotel, Tavistock Square, London","Stayed two nights, close to British Library and Universities. Good breakfast, clean, liked the art deco features BUT - I never slept for two nights. In the basement of the hotel is a Bowling Club which plays disco music until 3 a.m. The first night I got up and got dressed to find out where the Boom, boom music was coming from. The girl in the bar just laughed and told me it usualy stopped at 3 a.m. It did, but that only made me aware of the huge air conditioning unit buzzing close to my window that made the room vibrate. The second night the disco music and air conditioning unit again prevented all sleep. The staff did not care and were very rude. When I checked out the woman on the desk just said that she had a pile of complaints about the music from the club but it was…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1525-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",birthday weekend in london,"booked this hotel through superbreak inc rail from doncaster to london . arrived early morning we were not able to check in but could leave our suitcases, on return later in the day we checked in & were pleasently surprised to learn we had a complimentary meal on our first night , there were a few restaurants to choose within the same chain of hotels , but as it had been a long day sightseeing we opted for jaques bar which was in the hotel. but the menu was very limited & the food poor!, on speaking to someone else they said the indian buffett at the nearby national hotel was great (should have chose that) the rooms were basic but nice & clean towels changed every day of our 3 day stay if you like a nice cuppa in your room i suggest you take your own tea & coffe as the ones…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","An interest option, to keep money for other touristic attractions","Great localization, near to the Russel Square tube station. London is a city where the hotels are very expensive, specially to the foreigners. The Tavistock hotel has an affordable price, then you can have more money to enjoy other touristic attractions, usually expensive too. The rooms are simple, but clean and organized.  You can walk to visit the British Museum, London University and other beautiful places (including pubs!) near the hotel.  Choose the england breakfast, you´ll pay a little more but you´ll have a considerably better meal.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good central London location,"Like many London hotels, the public areas are good, based on art deco styling. The rooms are small but comfortable,  with all the usual facilities.  Breakfast is good and large, service in the restaurant each morning was a little haphazard, but essentially delivered. Jacques wine bar  was good with low key light meals as well as good lunch and dinner. Location is good with buses, taxis and nearby train stations.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good base to explore,"stayed at the tavistock hotel for a weekend in London, hotel room small but very clean, excellent base to explore London by foot or by tube, breakfast was good, plenty of choice. staff friendly and efficient and helpful. would stay again.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",another hard to beat at this price imperial hotel,"Right next to tavistock square gardens  garden, great art deco ground floor.  As with other Imperial hotels, rooms are serviceable  and comfortable.  Breakfast is a buffet, either continental or full English depending on the rate paid. Better than the normal budget chains, and well placed to walk into the centre of London or to kings cross/ st  Pancras",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1530-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Value Central London location with excellent weekend break offer,"I have stayed at the Tavistock several times and the ""Lets Go Weekend"" is an excellent value offer. You get B & B and a voucher for either lunch or dinner at one of the other Hotels in the group.Also a free drink in the bar etc  The Hotel is always busy and many of the staff have been there for years and are very helpful.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not worth the price - no matter how low.,"Stayed at Tavistock on business. Although the location is great - the hotel is awful. The rooms are run down, mattresses are old and lumpy, and the amenities are lacking - no hand towels, no bath mat, no hair dryer, no thermostat and no clock. The wi-if is awful - only available in the lobby and overloaded. It was awful. I'd rather be camping in a tent. ",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",rude staff,"The hotel is well-situated, wich is positive. The rooms are extremely tiny, and noisy. Even the courtyard is noisy. Wifi is only available in the lobby, so when you're back after a long day you have to stay downstairs to plan your next day's visites. The staff was not helpfull no smile. At the check out we wanted to correct the invoice, change the name to a firm's name wich caused a terrible scene. The staff at the desk was rude, even the threated us, if we continue this behaviour (means asking for the change of the name) they won't do it, because they dont have to do it...it was aweful. They weren't polite at all. It wasn't a good experience.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Old and in desperate need of refurb,"Stayed 2 nights at the Tavistock hotel as part of a train/hotel package.  Reception is nice and airy and the art deco theme is very quaint.  The room was small, but ok for a base, but not so keen on the black mildew on the corner of the walls.  Wall paper peeling away from the walls too!  The bathroom was very clean, which is the only reason I didnt make a fuss about the state of the room.  No hairdryer in the room. The bar prices are very reasonable considering you are in the centre of London, but the bar staff look very miserable like they dont want to be there! The buffet breakfast was edible, but a warning, DO NOT drink the coffee, it tastes like tar.  On the second morning, we were sat at a dirty table, drink spills and food all over the tablecloth.  When the waiter…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",We'll stay again,We've stayed at the Tavistock several times when visiting on business a pleasure.   A really comfortable and dependable 'Art Deco' hotel.   Staff are helpful and the rooms whilst typically small like most London budget hotels are clean and comfortable.    Buffet breakfast is more than adequate and bar prices don't hurt.   We will certainly stay again on our next visit.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1535-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",One of many hotels in London,"I stayed in Tavistock hotel couple of times because it is located close to several places  I wanted to visit. it is old fashion hotel with small rooms and old furnature which needs  serious repair. Staff is not too friendly, the more so, they did not awake me as i asked early in the morning when I was leaving to the airport. (Heathrow is about 1 hour by  a Tube from here.)",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Short break in London,"Great hotel for short stay ~ well situated, good value for money and friendly staff. Rooms basic but clean and comfortable. Package included meal on first night of stay and breakfast each morning. Will definitely visit again!",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",lovely refurbishded room,since last stay lovely refubishded room that goes with the art decoy of the hotel also new windows great budget room breekie is basic but if fills a hole for the day nice bar a t nighttime excellent location for oxford street and theatre land,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good base for Tourists,"We stayed here when visiting London as tourists. Close to Russell Square and Euston Square tube stations.and Original Bus Tour stop so very handy. We were also able to walk back from Shaftesbury Theatre after a show. We stayed on the  8th floor and although the room was comfortable enough it was very hot. Had to sleep with window open even in May which meant it was noisy from outside fans and police sirens etc. The lift was slow and had a mind of its own.Towels were thin and small bath size, only got one each until asked for extra. Staff were friendly and helpful. We were able to check in early and left luggage after checked out so could do more sightseeing until later.  Inclusive dinner on first night was good, breakfast was adequate although not much choice, no croissants or…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good base for tourists.,"Suited us just fine for our two night stay,the room was clean and quiet[as requested],situation near to bus stops and underground,staff were helpful and polite,breakfast basic but adequate,would stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1540-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",This hotel is for people who can sleep everywhere,"It's a clean hotel located very conveniently. The auxiliary staff is very nice and helpful. Unfortunately, these are only pros. Rooms looking at the Tavistock Square and Woburn Place are noisy due to endless sirens - day and night. The courtyard sounds like a small airfield thanks to numerous powerful fans - day and night. And only one side facing the Education Institute is more or less bearable with exception of weekends when a cheerful youth is celebrating loudly into early morning. If you close windows you still hear noise and sweat. The front desk would not advise you on the quiet side. Continental breakfast is a shame, any U.S. motel will feed you better. You can get an English breakfast for $7.50, it's a little better.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Good value clean hotel, excellent location","I am very fussy, this hotel is clean, rooms are excellent for London. I can stay and have done in hotels with higher star ratings which are poor. I stay here for personal and business use and I really cannot fault it for a comfortable stay and good breakfast. Give it a go I am sure you will not be disappointed ",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Weekend with the girls,"We booked into the Tavistock Hotel as part of a weekend deal with Superbreak, train, hotel and theatre. The hotel is perfectly situated for Russell sq tube station,and it was easy to find. When we arrived we were too early to check in but were allowed without any problems to leave our luggage with them. The staff were helpful and pleasant. When we did check in late afternoon our rooms were as to be expected, clean bed nice cotton sheets, bathroom was clean and towels available. The room was very warm, so I would hate to think what itr would be like in the hot summer months. We slept well the hotel was not noisy and our rooms were not to the main road so no traffic noise. Breakfast was very busy but we didn't have to wait long, it was acceptable fruit, yoghurt, toast, cooked…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Old hotel with tiny rooms,"We stayed in this old hotel a while ago and upon check-in found our room very small. Furnishings were very old and the equally tiny beds were soft and uncomfortable.  As our room was facing the main street, it was quite noisy throughout the day and night.  There was also no air-conditioning in the room and it was stuffy especially during summer.  The hotel corridors were also very stuffy due to lack of fresh ventilation.  Traditional English Breakfast buffet was served in the morning with the usual fare of porridge, baconand eggs, etc. Only positive aspect of this hotel is its location close to the Russell Square subway station.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",10 for location,"The hotel is located very near the british hotel, with a good service of busses and two tube station nearby (Russel Square, Euston Station) so it easy to reach and very convenient for any trip to London. Rooms are quite small, but clean, staff very polite and helpful.  Biggest fault... the lift is always busy and not easy o get  (it is a big hotel and quite often full booked) and continental breakfast is quite poor.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1545-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",k & w,"hubby and i have just returned x very clean,breakfasts excellent and very near to tube station. would  highly recommend, Russell square very central x two mins from euston,  staff very helpful , The showers were very powerful and room cleaned every day, only one fault was maid walked into room before 830 without knocking  all in all  i would highly recommend the tavistock for a holiday hotel",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",An early departure due to illness.,Due to illness I had to leave the Tavistock Hotel early spending just one night as a guest together with my husband. (We had been booked in for two nights.) The staff were without exception polite and helpful. However I wish to draw particular attention to one of the waiters in attendence in the dining room at breakfast. This lady realised I was not well and that my husband was blind. She showed great understanding of our plight and was very helpful in looking after us. I am very grateful to her. Because of my illnes I did not pay sufficient attention to my environment during our short stay but I would use the Tavistock again should I visit London again.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",musical trip to london,"my daughter and I are just home from a 2 night stay at the Tav. What a great place to stay.We arrived from Scotland at 8.30 a.m walked 5 mins from Euston station and we were there. The girl on reception checked us in straight away, no messing about with times. room 351 was more than we were expecting from previous comments, the shower alone was worth the money. we don't know London so armed with out wee map off we went. We found all the hotspots all within walking distance of the hotel, so much so we were walking around for hours and kept finding somewhere else of interest round the next corner or over the street.We booked seats for THE BODYGUARD and already had tickets for THE JERSEY BOYS both of which were BRILLIANT. next morning buffet breakfast , all the usual stuff, which…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Inexpensive, but . . .","Well, as they say, you get what you pay for.  In this case, the Tavistock Hotel for ₤78/night, including full English breakfast and, thanks to a special being offered, one free dinner.  To be fair, I've paid less for much better via Hotwire (most recently, the wonderful Crowne Plaza in Shoreditch for $100/night), but no great Hotwire deals were available for the two nights I needed a hotel in London.  I've stayed twice at other Imperial Hotels and always found them inexpensive but dated and in need of an update.  The room was on the 6th floor and facing Tavistock Square -- a beautiful view, a great location, but beware -- noisy due to the traffic below and no air conditioning or fan options in the room so either a warm room with windows closed (relatively quiet), or a cool room…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Proximity to city- a plus,"Stayed there for 7 nights after being booked there because it was close to our headquarters in Tavistock Square. Price wise a bargain since there is also a restaurant come cafe attached with very reasonable light meals. There are also a number of decent pubs in the vicinity as well as proximity to two main railway stations.  Back to the hotel- the room was clean and quiet on the 8 th floor and very compact. The heating is however not regulated and so can get quite hot, so I switched off the radiator for the duration  of my stay and opened the window which has a safety catch. There was a relaxing chair but            because of the size of the room, it was tucked under the open plan clothes hanging area. There               was no safe in the room or Internet which was only…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1550-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great value fantastic location,"Stayed from April 5-12 with my 2 adult daughters (2 twin beds and a rollaway cot).  I asked for and got a room facing the park higher up (5th floor).  Our room had a bay window which added more floor space (needed for 3rd bed). There is some traffic noise with the windows open but the view is worth it.  It is not fancy (some peeling paint from water damage) but it was clean. Only soap is provided but I knew that beforehand and brought toiletries.  Lots of hot water and very strong water pressure in shower.  Hair dryer is available from housekeeping with a GBP20 deposit.  Kettle, tea, coffee, cups and glasses in room.  Continental breakfast is very basic but no different from what I eat most days (bran flakes) anyway.  I could have had English breakfast for a few pounds.  The…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Utilitarian but good value,"A comfortable room at a reasonable price.  No luxury toiletries but essentials such as soap.  Tea and coffee in the room I liked the fact there was a wardrobe, not just an open hanging space that is usual in business hotels these days.   Lots of very hot water. Towels thin but effective and always changed.  Good lighting in the bedroom.     Downstairs, free wi-fi in the lobby and bar, none elseswhere.  Concierges excellent, rushing out in the rain to find taxes etc.  Breakfast room hot, tables small, buffet breakfast with the usuals, but tasted better than it looked.  Toast already made which is good for time and turnover so fast that it was still crisp.  This hotel is part of the large Imperial group and other than breakfast, food and coffee was only available in a small bar. …",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Bargain holiday for a bargain price,"stayed at this hotel from the 8th april to 11th april on a superbreak through the coop travel. Arrived mid afternoon and was dealt with by reception in a professional manor , firstly we were allocated room 309 which is on the front of the hotel third floor unfortunately when we opened the door to the room someone was already staying in the room. Upon discovering this we informed reception who resolved our dilema very promptly and we were reissued with room 305 once again front of hotel on third floor.  GOOD POINTS Room: - double room with bay window and ajoining door to room 304, room itself was clean and adequit ,onsuite bathroom with shower,soap provided , towels changed daily , bed comfy , extra bedding if needed can be provided , tea and coffee facilities, small flat screen…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",great value,wonderfull location.very clean staff very helpfull and friendly.breakfast was excellent for the life of me dont know what people complain about as i had read on reviews that it wasnt up to much well that was a load o rubbish.i was there with my son and grandaughter and we all loved it.would recommend it to anyone.,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Basic but no problems - ideal business stay,"Room basic but clean (on a par with travelodge), staff helpful, breakfast pretty good if you avoid the sausages ! Would stay again for the money in that location. You get what you pay for . Only 'toiletries' provided is soap ( again , like travelodge). ",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1555-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value in London hotel accommodations,"I've stayed at the Tavistock for two or three days almost every year for the last two decades.  Well located for British Museum, British Library, and London theatre, the hotel is clean, well run, with rooms small and simply furnished, but comfortable.  Porters are always helpful, front desk staff - well, most of the time.  Full English breakfast is not elegant, but satisfying.  Rates are a good value at London hotel prices.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Not bad,"In a pretty decent location, not far from a tube station.   There was only bars of soap in the bathroom, but we were given essentials when we asked for them.   We had to print off our booking confirmation which meant we had to go around the corner to an internet cafe to print it off as we just had it on our iphones.   I would stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Location,"We stayed at the Tavistock hotel for Easter 2013. We have previously stayed at the Royal National, which is owned by the same company and just next door, but thought the Tavistock would be a bit quieter. The hotel's location is excellent, just around the corner from the British museum and a 10 minute walk to Oxford street. Check in was quick, efficient and friendly, and we were offered a room despite being early. There are four lifts which is ample for this size of hotel. The room was clean and the beds very comfortable. It was quite warm, but the radiator had valves on which we could turn down, and the window opened to let fresh air in. The bathroom was a good size and everything worked. There was tea and coffee and an LCD TV. Everything you need for a few days stay. The…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value for money,We visit London twice a year and always stay at the imperial hotel group this time we choose the Tavistock and once agin we weren't disappointed.  The hotel is so close to the tube and bus stops.  We had a free meal the first night we were there included in our booking we choose to go to the restaurant below the hotel and the food was great  we would have very happily paid for the meal.  The rooms in the hotel are basic but cant complain for the money paid!!,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Average at best.,"I booked the Tavistock months in abvance on the advise of our travel agent. I booked a triple room. When we arrived, we had a top floor room with a double bed, a single bed and a random old fold up camp bed in the room. The bathroom was fitted out for a disabled person with an overhead shower that went up the wall by about 2ft! I am 6ft 2"" tall so this was no use. The next morning we asked to change room stating that the shower was no use to be asked ""can you not just hold the shower head by hand?"". We were moved from the 8th floor to the second floor where the room was 100% better but not brilliant.. Recently decorated with decent beds. If you book, expect abrupt staff who think that they are better than you and are pretty useless at what they do anyway. The bar is horrible and…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1560-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location shame about front of house staff,"Our second visit in past six months this time with our 12 yr old grandson chose Tavistock because of its closeness to Rail and tube stations and good choice for budget travellers clean warm rooms good showers (remember your own toiletries) and reasonable buffet breakfast Housekeeping staff and most of staff in dining room were pleasant as for the others well... Young east European woman in bar made you feel as if you were putting her to so much trouble, she wasn't exactly run off her feet. As this was our second visit we knew what to expect we booked directly with hotel group so should have had a free dinner or our three night stay as had been told last visit but excuse this time was we were supposed to click a button on website, any time we passed restaurant it was empty!",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good value for money,Helpful staff gave us connecting rooms to accommodate 2 younger members of our stay.  5 minute walk to Russell Street tube station. After we checked out we were able to leave luggage in the hotel so that we had another morning to go off and explore.  Would stay again.        ,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What ever happened to service with a smile?,"After having read some of the reviews before we left home i wasn't expecting much. We (2 adults 2 children) stayed at this Hotel for a week, we requested two interconnecting rooms which could only be guaranteed upon arrival. When we checked in the receptionist on duty gave us the rooms as requested. The rooms were cosy, clean and well kept.  On Fridays and Saturday  I could not sleep because of all the noise from the ""bowling and pizza"" cafe underneath our room (232). Don't let the name fool you it's a very busy night club and taxis will still be dropping loud youngsters at three o clock in the morning. So if you want a quiet room make sure you get a room on the other side.  The house keeper was very hospitable and helpful and so were the porters. unfortunately i  cannot say the…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A good cheap hotel,"My wife and I stayed in the Tavistock hotel from 19th February until 22nd 2013. I had seen many reviews of this hotel and some of them were quite disturbing. However, this hotel is quite excellent for the price and the location. The rooms are fairly small by North American standards but are clean and comfortable.  There is not much space for sizable luggage but is excellent for a short stay. The buffet breakfast is a full English style with bacon, eggs, sausage, toast, juice and coffee. The staff are mostly from Eastern European countries but are very courteous and helpful. WiFi is free, but available only in the ground floor area. The location of this hotel is about 5 minutes walking with luggage from Euston main line station and five minutes from Russell square tube station.…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Reliable,One of the Imperial Hotels Group.  The Tav is a reliable decent place to stay in London.  It is a traditional hotel with clean decent sized rooms.  Don't expect five star luxury but the rooms are perfectly functional.  The showers are great with really powerful pressure.  The buffet breakfast is a reasonable start to the day though the ingredients are not top notch.  The location is pretty good - British Museum and the West End all walkable.  Jaques Wine Bar provides good food at value prices.  .  For the price charged this is a pretty good option,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1565-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good Location,"Rooms on the interior are quiet but less scenic than rooms facing the street.  Our interior room was quiet, except for the bathroom fan, which eventually quieted once the bathroom light was turned off.   Knowing British hotels can be a bit warm and stuffy, I requested a room that was not too warm.  Our room was comfortable.  When the weather turned colder, we easily turned up the radiator.  There is no health club in the hotel, but you can buy a rather expensive 10 pound daily membership for a rather bad club around the corner.  Internet is only available in the lobby.  To get on the Internet you have to get a little slip of paper with access codes from the porter's desk.  Each slip is different, and you must sign on each time.  The Internet can be very slow during peak hours. …",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID,"Dreadful, absolutely dreadful. Old, dirty, room temperature cannot be regulated.  Bed very uncomfortable, like old army cot.  Wallls very thin so you hear everything.  Bathroom small and not well appointed.  The toiletries consist of carbolic soap.  This hotel proves there are no star hotels.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Good location. Terrible Customer Service,"My wife and I stayed over a weekend. The room was functional, it's a basic no frills central London hotel. We expected as much, and were happy with that.  What I didn't expect was the appalling customer service and down right rudeness of the reception staff, male and female.  A computer error on their system showed us only having a one night stay, not two- as showing on our email conformation. Even though I had told them on checking in.  We returned after breakfast, and found we had been locked out of our room. The young polish man dealing with our problem was rude, unhelpful and confrontational , and very much of the opinion this was our error and our problem. He didn't try to reassure me or deal with our problem in a manner that was calming. This in turn led to me being rude…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great Location....Not so great accommodation,"We stayed at the Tavistock on Saturday 16th March - it's in a great location overlooking Tavistock Square and only five minutes walk to the British Museum and another five to Covent Garden etc.  On arrival we were dealt with efficiently and were delighted to be given a voucher for a free 3-course meal that evening however, the room left a lot to be desired - old beds, il-fitting curtains, one chair (in a double room), no toiletries except some extremely cheap soap, tea and coffee sachets but no biscuits/hot chocolate/decaff coffee/brown sugar.  We had to go out and buy shower gel and shampoo.  The shower was not working properly - just squirted water all over the bathroom floor - the worst aspect of it though was that there was no heating at all in either the bathroom or the…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good value.,"I stay at this hotel regular,will be doing so again in the near future. Yes a budget hotel and no toileteries but most people prefer ther own. There is a hairdryer. Towels a bit ???? I have found all the staff lovely and as stay alone always friendly. Charge to keep luggage is only 50p. The rooms very clean. I have stayed in more up market and they have not been as good. Also drinks not overpriced like most hotels",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1570-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",uhhmm,This hotel has seen better days. The bedrooms were clean but very basic although spacious.  Didn't expect to have to buy shampoo &  shower gel - only soap and the cheapest at that available.  Staff were very pleasant and hardworking. The stench of cooking fat  hit you when you came out of  your bedroom ( 4th floor). We didn't have breakfast there on our last day as the dining room/ breakfast was not a pleasant experience. Would not stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Budget hotel good value for central London,"This is the second time I've stayed here. It's very well placed 5 minute walk from Russell Sq tube. I left my hotel at 10 to 7 and was in the bar of the Wyndham's theatre by Leicester Square at ten past! The hotel is perfectly functional with basic provisions. They are strict about check-in not being before 2pm but allow you to leave luggage, so very handy. It is a bit noisy, but it's a buzzy place and that's all part of it. I can recommend it as a 3 star that I would stay in again. At £102 for a double including breakfast in central London, can't complain! ",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location- service average and can be noisy but good value hotel round the corner from British Museum,"Stayed here on training with Breakthrough Breast Cancer and the hotel was arranged through them. Otherwise I never would have thought of staying here. My room was lovely with a great view of the square. I would have traded that view, however, for a good night's sleep. Whether but was the bar, two floors below, or the bowling alley just beyond that, something was bellowing out music with a heavy bass until 2am. Food in the bar, and the Full English Breakfast were nothing to write home about either.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",What a cozy accommodation!,"Last January I stayed 5 nights at Tavistock Hotel and I love it! Excellent localization: near Russell Square Tube Station, British Museum, University of London. The whole staff was so kind: every time I need something they were ready to help me. My room was comfortable and clean: I will never forget the sweet smell - I think it was lavender - on my bed! Through the window I could see snow covering the Tavistock Square: teardrops fell from my eyes <3 The only thing I think that could be improved is the breakfast: I miss hot chocolate, cupcake, cheese, yoghurt, croissant ;) Next time in London, I want to stay at Tavistock Hotel again!  Luciana Palhanos (Rio de Janeiro - Brazil)",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",good location,"We booked this hotel as part of a rail deal with 2 nights accomodation with complimentary 3 course evening meal on the first night. The hotel is ideally located just 10 minutes walk from Euston. The hotel is overlooking the square. We were on the 8th floor. The rooms were dated but clean. Reception staff effecient. I was particularly impressed with the concierge who was very knowledgeable and helpful. Breakfast was interesting...the staff were unfriendly and even bossy. We sat at a table set for four and was told to move to a table for two!  No smiles or pleasantness on either morning. Breakfast itself was a help yourself matter and was ok. Although the evening meal was complimentary, it was aversge and I wouldn't have been happy to pay for it. Overall for what we paid was a…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1575-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Best budget hotel I've stayed in,"This hotel is a masterclass in how to run a budget hotel. I defy anyone to find better in London for the same cost per night. Clean rooms, TV, kettle and decent en suite. Much better than Travelodges and much cheaper (if you can't book in advance).  The room rates here don't get higher as the hotel gets full. Same price a month in advance or arriving on the day save for the occasional online offer.  I paid £204 for a double room for two nights including tax and breakfast and got an offer online for a free three course dinner for two. In London that is about as cheap as you can get AFTER tax.   If you expect luxury you will be disappointed. For those that complain about the staff, they are not rude, it is just that English is not the first language for many of them (as in most…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great value,"This is the second time at the Tavistock. For the price it is excellent value in central London. The location is perfect. This time was better than last,the room had been refurbished and had a trouser press and a hair dryer,and the ridiculous keys on long pieces of metal changed to card keys. The only thing the rooms lack is a safe. Breakfast is not the highest quality but perfectly ok. Apart from a rather miserable unfriendly blond girl at check in the rest of the staff were very friendly and nice. I have stayed at the Imperial and Bedford and think that the Tavistock is now the best value. As others have said it is very hot in the rooms and you have to open the windows so if you are facing the street it could be very noisy,so I would recommend asking for a quiet room.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Value hotel,"Stayed in the Tavistock again as its excellent value at only £75 a night. With meetings in Oxford street, the Tavistock offers a great central location being only a short walk from Euston station.  The hotel is clean, quiet and with a good shower, all you need on a business trip.  You don't get any niceties, no shampoo or shower gel but at this price its not too much to ask to take your own. Oh ladies be warned there isn't a hair drier but I believe you can request one !  I personally breakfast elsewhere as at the budget end of the market the ingredients aren't the best however my colleagues didn't have any issues with it.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","""Good location""","If you like to walk in London, need connections -Euston station is close nearby. Good restaurant, nice breakfast, Lobby is good, nice to sit in follow travellers or BBC, Weekend television english humor. There is a nice park outside of the hotel, famous of it's equal attitudes, seen lovers' affairs. If you are not in need of ***** choose this hotel. Personnel is friendly and english spirited, you will truly need an umbrella. While in restaurant, remember to salut you're neighbour. I remember how it was to speak with an young boy in french during breakfast. There was no baquette, toast and marmelade, egg and bacon. You may however order some additional dishes, you get a refreshing cup-of-tea, even russian tea in samovar,",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","A good value Art Deco Hotel, with decent service.","Enjoyed my brief stay in what is a fine example of an Art Deco style hotel. Ok this is faded elegance, and some may find the bedrooms rather dated, though i found my room adequate; and it worked out cheaper than a Premier hotel. Service was excellent, particularly at breakfast, and the bar was cheaper than most of the nearby pubs My only issue was with the heating in the room which was too hot for me. This is a hotel of character, and one i would stop at again.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1580-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague,"Stayed here for 2 nights whilst, doing some work for the University of London (sadly recommended by them). Rooms are tiny, constantly hot (all day and night), no toiletries save for a tiny bar of soap, towels that could be used to lacerate your skin if you want to self-flagelate, breakfast served on filthy tablecloths, no fresh fruit only tinned grotty stuff. We even had to pay to leave our bags after leaving our room on the day of check out. Oh yes, the person on check-in had clearly been trained at a Stalinesque school of hospitality - no hello, no welcome, no enjoy your stay - no nothing. However desperate you are for a place to stay, find somewhere else.",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Pleasent stay,"Stopped here for one night, just a few minutes walk from Euston station. Rooms small but clean and everything you need for a short stay. Quite a nice feel about the place, has character although some of it is fading a little but this is being seen to. Good choice at breakfast, but have had better presented buffet breakfasts, (didnt like the piles of toast). Staff very good alround, and very quick to top up teas and coffee at breakfast. Best thing I think is the price, if all you are looking for is a  central base for a day or two I dont think you will go wrong here, easy walking into main parts of town or tube and buses close by.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London","Great position, very good value","Just a short walk from Russell Square Underground and not that far from Euston and others.  Buses just outside the door.  Our room was not big (it is a three star hotel in London) but we had plenty of room for a couple. It was ensuite, clean, warm and well serviced by the staff.   Very good value and situated in a nice part of London for the tourist.  Whilst we only use our room for showering and sleeping, it overlooked Tavistock Square which was nice to look out at in the morning.  We opted for the continental breakfast that was more than reasonable.  All the staff very very helpful and cheerful.  Plenty of places to eat at around the area if you want to return to the hotel to shower first after a day of sight seeing.  We would certainly stay there again on our next visit to…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Yet ANOTHER great stay at the Tavistock,"We stayed one night at this hotel where I have stayed many many times over the last 26 years or so. I already knew about the good value, the friendly staff and the comfortable, if a little basic, rooms, but this time I learned something else. As sometimes happens, we experienced a few minor problems with our accommodation, and we had to have Housekeeping to the room on three separate occasions. The first time was to get some more towels, as we were only given one hand towel and one (smallish) bath towel between the two of us. We phoned Housekeeping and extra towels were with us in less than two minutes. Secondly, the kettle in the room wasn't working, so we rang Housekeeping again and asked for a replacement. A brand new kettle arrived, again, in well under two minutes. The…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed for 2 nights with superbreak including rail travel, absolute bargain. Great room with lovely bay window & view of the square, friendly staff & good breakfast. Sat in the bar after a long day sight seeing couldn't ask for more for the price. Will def be back",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d210745-Reviews-or1585-Hotel_Tavistock-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Hotel Tavistock Reviews, London",A great value hotel in a great location,"My girlfriend and I chose this hotel due to its reasonable price, great location and the fact it was en-suite (all others for a similar price were shared facilities - not ideal for a weekend). We stopped for two nights at £63 a night - a bargain really. When arriving we were impressed by the original art deco features which it kept, but the entrance wasn't the best. This is explained by the fact they are having some refurbishment work done, it will look so much better when done. The staff on check in were very polite and one was a trainee so a little on the slow side. The only problem was the language barrier - quite apparent with all staff. We were given our key cards and made our way to the room. We were pleased with the room, clean, tidy and good enough facilities, although a…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
