,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or0-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Beware,"I have stayed previously In Chelsea House Hotel and never had any problems.  This stay, I was put in a room on the top floor. The window was broken and would not close so the room was freezing and let all the street noise in.  I complaied but the receptionist was not remotely interested. I asked to change room but was told that they were fully booked so this was not possible. He suggested an old broken electric heater which was sitting in the corner of my room. I didn't use this as it looked to me like a fire hazard.  I didn't die of exposure or fire but did not get a good sleep due to the noise.   As I said at the start, I stayed here a few times and it was always good so I think I got a dud room. Other rooms that I stayed in previously were fine. This room should be not be let out until it is repaired.…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or0-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome B&B,"What a great B&B. The location was perfect, just a three minute walk to Earls Court Tube station. Very welcoming friendly service. Room wasn’t overly big but certainly was very clean and had everything one would require with a very newly renovated bathroom. Great water pressure and hot water. The included continental breakfast was basic, but enough to keep you going till lunch. We had room 33 on the 3rd floor (no lift), so.... 60 stairs to our room. So after the initial take your suitcases up, it was great exercise, which my son and I really did enjoy. This is certainly value for money. I highly recommend and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or0-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Best hotel,"Best hotel in its price range in London. Clean, new bathroom, comfortable bed and bed linen, nice breakfast. Central location close to bus and subway.  Really nice little hotel for the money . Will come back. ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or0-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",A comfortable stay,"Had read a couple of dodgy reports so wasnt confident about the booking but it was fine. Staff friendly, i rang ahead to ask about dropping bags in and it wasnt a problem. When we got there were told that room not ready, we were early, but by the time we did check in it was and we dumped the luggage. Got a number to operate front door in case we were late back. Room clean, small but fine for our needs. Shower/toilet en suite fine, clean and shower cubicle quite roomy. Breakfast perfectly adequate. Choice of cereals, bread/toaster. Boiled eggs, slices of cheese and ham. Jams/honey in individual portions. Tinned peaches, Orange juice coffee and jar of hot chocolate. If cooked breakfast is important to go elsewhere but this was fine forcwhat we paid.  And thre was a sign saying they do better prices if you book direct.…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or0-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely!,"I thought this was a lovely property for the price. It was the cleanest hotel I have been in and that includes Britain and France. I managed to reserve parking in the small front yard which was useful as although I left in the morning they allowed me to leave the car till I got back at midday. I found the staff helpful and cheerful.  They gave me a room in the basement so that I didn't have to walk up too many stairs, and it was a good room with plenty of space and excellent shower. The breakfast was quite adequate- it was advertised as 'continental' and that's what it was- penty enough to keep me going.  I would recommend this this hotel to anyone on a budget, good value for money.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or5-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",A great place to stay,"We ve been recently located un It for a weekend. The location IS great with restaurants and cafés where to have something after having spent the day walking around. The size of the rooms IS ok and the bathroom IS almost new. The matresses are hard but comfy to rest properly. Besides, the hotel IS close to a tube stop. The only drawback IS the breakfast. It is 'poor', you dont have much choice. The stuff IS really kind and ready to help u.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or5-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"Good location with easy access to tube for our trip to Proms in the Park. Also very cheap accommodation for London. And the bed was comfy. That's the end of the good bit! Nobody was available for check in when we arrived a few minutes before the stated 3pm check-in time. A cleaner told us we would have to wait maybe 10 minutes as the receptionist was at Tesco. When she got back she did way sorry to keep you waiting but just as if it was something to say not seriously meant. She checked us in but only spoke the bare minimum. The room was quite small but ok and with a view of next doors side wall about 3 foot away. During the early hours of the morning our neighbours in the next room came home making a lot of noise, followed later by someone who was verbally very loud and…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or5-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, not such a good stay","The B&B is in a good location close to Earl's Court tube station. We picked it as we were going to proms in the park in hyde park and wanted a budget stay for one night on that side of the city. Getting around was easy as Earl's Court is on the Piccadilly and District Lines. On arriving, just before 3pm, we found reception closed and no-one in sight. We dropped our luggage down in the hall, looked around, rang the bell, and finally we were told by one of the cleaners that the receptionist had gone to Tesco and would be back soon. We thought this was a little strange, we had thought our room might not quite be ready as check in was from 3pm, but we at least assumed we would be able to get in and leave our bags. As we were on a restricted time frame (we needed to get to Hyde Park…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or5-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but so basic,"Pros: good location, near earls court tube Station, safe and festive neighborhood with lots of places to eat nearby. Includes a small Breakfast, generally friendly staff and quaint building.inexpensive rooms and free WiFi. Bathroom had been redone and was nice.   Cons: The room received ZERO service. ZERO! When I inquired I was looked at like I was insane. Said I could try requesting in the morning. Trash overflowing and we had to leave our dirty towels and overflowing bags of trash outside our door and grab our own new clean towels from a utility closet. I wasn’t expecting mints on my pillow but with four  people crammed into their version of a quad, a little tidying up would be expected and nice. Even in the worst places I’ve stayed in tidy up!! Tiny room but I know that’s…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or5-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for the price,"Location was the best part of this hotel. It was a short walk to the Earls Court Tube station. Breakfast was limited so we ate elsewhere. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was OK. The bathroom had been redone but had some mold in the corner of the shower. We were in a unit that faced the street (floor 3) and the room was quite warm (no AC) so we slept with the windows open. The street noise was VERY loud. Luckily, we had some earplugs. Also, there is no elevator, so if you have mobility issues this would not work for you. It was quite a climb up the stairs with heavy luggage. I would recommend this place if you are on a budget and want to be near Earls Court station.  Set your expectations - you get what you pay for.  And ask for a room away from the street!",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or10-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice stay,"This hotel is perfectly clean, nice new furniture, bathroom is also new, and there is good breakfast. Hotel is in excellent position. Very quiet rooms, and staff is also polite. Good price for what you get in London.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or10-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Great value, clean, great for small family","We stayed here with our 4 year old daughter for a couple of nights. From reading other reviews which weren't so great, I was initially worried that I might have booked a dud, but once we got there we saw it was clean, with a compact but modern bathroom, comfortable beds with clean bedding, and breakfast in the morning was simple but good (and perfect for our 4 year old). Staff were professional and helpful, especially when we were due to check out and were late back due to leaving our passport on the train - much appreciated. Considering the price and location, this is an extremely good deal, we could not get anything of this standard for near this price on Airbnb. It isn't a 5 star hotel but neither are you paying for one. We will definitely be back and will recommend to…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or10-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",It works!  Nice bathrooms,"My daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights while in London!  It’s about a 5-8 minute walk to the Tube.    It was warm the first night when we got in late and was so tired... opened the window (no screen) and shut curtains so the noisy pigeons wouldn’t come in!  Breakfast wasn’t the best, but it “worked”.  Same thing every morning. Juice, tea, coffee, water, cereal, meat slices, few bread choices.  I only had the cereal and milk.  The last night we changed rooms, as it was a last minute stay... and stayed in the basement- WiFi was poor and had to go upstairs to work using it.   Overall, I liked the location, bed was comfy... would have liked to have had a better breakfast...  ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or10-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"I booked this hotel as we where going to the chelsea flower show and we where very happy.The tube was about 5 minutes walk from the hotel so just right.we had booked 4 rooms which where situated on the 1st floor .Our check in was good,our rooms where clean and it looks like they have just been done up .We just had a couple of problems 1 was the bedroom window wouldn’t shut so very noisy and the other room room 15 the bathroom smells like a cat as been in .Other than that the where really clean and one if the comfiest we all had had .we had breakfast which was nice but our second morning we struggled to get a seat not very big and if everyone comes down at the same time can’t cater for everyone.You Can’t hold a conversation with the staff as very basic English.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or10-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good for this price,"This hotel is clean and comfortable. Is very good located. Don't thing about the top hotel, but it's very good for quite good price. You will get simple, but good breakfast. Bathroom was after reconstruction and really clean.Around is a lot of shops and also its 5min to underground.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or15-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",the for cup game chelsea v man utd,i find hotel good value for money i pay . i book hotel becasue my team man utd was play chelsea as was only 25 min walk to chelsea ground it was easy find from hotel i book room with ensuite and have nice side room only short waik from earls court station however do not think much of breakfast but was only continental breksfast the was no orange juice available but other then that hotel idel if going to chelsea match and good price hotel,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or15-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Business Stay,"Needed some accommodation for the night in West Brompton, London for a business meeting the next morning. Various searches threw up a number of options, but most were close to £100 or more with poor reviews. I noticed the Chelsea House available for little more than half the price of others and had reasonable reviews, so I decided to chance it and make a booking.  On arrival, it was well-situated a few minutes walk from West Brompton tube station. Set off a main road, it was relatively quiet for London. The interior was clean and not in a poor state of repair. Concierge available until midnight. I had a 3rd floor double bed at the back of the house. Again clean, good size. Good power shower and en-suite, ironing facilities available to work out wrinkles in my shirt. Bed was…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or15-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Not reccomendable!,"We stayed at the hotel for four nights. We’d booked a twin room three months in advance, but when we arrived we got a double room. We told the guy in the reception and he didn’t seem to care. But he told us he’d move us to a different room the following day. Which we agreed to. The following day we had to go to the now other guy at the reception and tell him about getting a new room - as his colleague hadn’t told him anything. This guy in stead decided that they’d just pull our beds apart - our room was very small and the beds could only be pulled something 20 cm apart... which in my opinion doesn’t not qualify as as twin room. But we said yes to this anyways as we were just about  fed up with the bad service and unenthusiastic staff. When we came home that night... we still a…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or15-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!,"I would never stay here again! The rooms are cramped. There is no elevator and we were put on the fourth floor. We climbed 57 steep steps to get to our room, with no offer of help for our luggage. The front desk was not friendly nor helpful. The breakfast was very skimpy, not at all inviting. If we had not already paid in advance, we would never have stayed here. Never again.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or15-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay at the Chelsea House,"I needed a place to stay in central London for six days and felt lucky to get one as reasonably priced as the Chelsea House.  (Hint) I booked through their own website and not a travel site and got a nice discount.  I got into town early (check in was at 3:00) and they have a locked luggage room to leave my bags while I went into the city.   There is no lift. I had to log my big case up 4 flights.  Most independent hotels in London do not have lifts.    I booked a double room with ensuite bath.  I paid more to have the extra space.  My room was small none the less, but functional.  Full sized bed, stand up wardrobe, night stand (with a coffe/tea service set up) and wall mount TV.  The bathroom was very nice. Newly remodeled with new fixtures and a fantastic shower (lots of hot…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or20-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Another nice time,"This is the 4 th time I’ve stayed. It is perfectly acceptable. In some respects want to keep the place quiet . Can park outside, limited but enough for me. Wonderful location. Room clean. Modern. I will continue to use this hotel. Do not listen to any negativity. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or20-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Recommend depending... ,"Had 2 kids 4/1 yr olds. Was given room T1. Which is the smallest room on top floor. No lift. Didn't have refrigerator. The next morning we moved to B1 (basement), right next to laundry closet with clean towels. Much bigger room, a refrigerator that kinda worked, adjust thermostat, still didn't get that cold. But probably best room in hotel because the back door opened to the garden. Hotel does not have AC. Both rooms had updated bathrooms. Continental breakfast is sufficient & basic as it gets. Hotel staff is friendly, though house keeping seems to be understaffed and intermittent. Location & price are good. This is a 2 star hotel don't expect much more but it's good for what it is.  Would i recommend? Depends, single, couple yes. Family with small kids top floor no. I was only…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or20-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay..,"I was here for one week,the room was a great size with  new ensuite.it was very close to underground about 5minutes walk,great for shops and restaurants. Staff were very friendly and helpful and the price was very good for what you get..",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or20-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",An absolute disgrace,"Was given room B2 , down a lot of steep stairs in the basement , it was dark, dirty & smelt terrible . Went into the room OMG, it got worse, greeted by 2 large sofa cushions leaning against the wall as we struggled past them, the curtains was closed, I opened 1 set to be greeted by dirty broken windows through the glass was old wardrobes & other furniture! I then opened the other pair of dirty stained curtains to see a French doors that couldn't be opens as there was all sorts of crap behind them! Not as though it was on ongoing construction project just a dumping ground. & a fire hazard I may add.... We didn't stay got our money back & headed upto Oxford. To say ' it was kind of in the middle of Chelsea ' it was disgusting not cheap either The 1 plus was the poor guy on…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or20-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gym with good service & parking,This is a very good place to stay in chelsea london with a very reasonable price. The service was kind and the staff were very friendly.  The breakfast was fair enough and if you considered this is a 2 star you would say it’s good.   The cons were that it does not have a lift and the stair get to be steap sometimes   Also at first i was checked-in to the tea room which is the highest level in the building. The receptionist told me it will get warmer when they start the central heating system which apparently were broken in this room and promised extra portable heater which never came. After couple of calls to the reception I was moved to a way better room with heating and fridge thanks to the receptionist named hassan. I’m really grateful to him for the good times we had in that…,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or25-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable acommodation in London,"The hotel is situated close to the underground station (cca 7 minutes walk with kids). The hotel is not pretending anything. Don’t expect anything above “two stars”. The room was ok, tea and coffee making facility available, bathroom clean and private. The extra bed was not comfortable at all, not supposed for an adult. The breakfast is included in the room price, continental style (toast, butter, ham, cheese, jam and some cereals. Coffee, tea, juice, milk). Staff was friendly.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or25-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great small hotel in nice London neighborhood,"Seven minute, three block walk from Metro station in a nice avenue full of restaurants and shops. Short Metro ride to city center. Staff is friendly and helpful in answering city questions. Rooms are spacious and clean.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or25-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Great location , beds really comfy.","Comfy bed lovely bathroom, friendly staff. Continental breakfast of bread , ham , cheese and cereal. Plus drinks. Room warm . Walls a little marked but not to bad. After all it’s a good price for London",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or25-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable but unremarkable stay,"We had a very comfortable stay at Chelsea House Hotel! It was the right neighbourhood for our visit to London, and for the right price. Earl's Court metro is a 2 minute walk, as well as a busstop with multiple lines across London. West Brompton (overground) is also closeby. The bed was comfortable, with a normal light plus reading light, two power outlets AND a USB port - perfect! There was enough space to store items, a TV and coffee/tea facilities. The bathroom seemed very new and the rain(!) shower was heaven (at the time of our stay, however, the normal showerhead had to be handheld (broken). Breakfast was basic but enough to get the day started. We stayed in room 11, which is at the front of the building. Redcliffe Gardens is quite a busy street and the isolation not too…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or25-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"For £100.00 for a family room you get what you pay for in London. Cold, damp room. Windows that let lots of cold air in, dirty rooms with tissues under the bed. I would not recommend unless you want something cheap in London compared to other hotels. The wiring for the television in my opinion was illegal as there were bare wires. NEVER AGAIN ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or30-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Never again ,Been staying here for some months now.as company book accommodation.but it's a dump. To make it worse last night I get woken by receptionist at 11.10 pm to be told I need to acces the store room behind  my bed.as I need to retrieve a I'd card from a previous guest.so I  had to move bed and stand there waiting.only to see him fumbling around with his keys and not be able to open the door.as he left all he said if you want you can raise a issue in the morning .,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or30-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Pictures Speak For Themselves,"Arrived at the hotel to be greeted by the smell of damp dog, a curtain hanging by a couple of hooks, a mouldy shower and dust and grime.  We had arrived with only enough time to drop the bags off and rush out to meet our son and attend a concert.  We informed the receptionist about the issues and she assured us that the problems would be sorted upon our return.  We asked about a taxi, she booked us one at an extortionate cost of £15 (the return journey from the same place was £8 after midnight!) We arrived back, to a closed reception and the room exactly the same as we left it!  Breakfast was included, but judging by the cleanliness of our room and the grubbiness of the hotel everywhere, we decided against it.  We checked out and reiterated our complaint to an uninterested male…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or30-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Thin walls and walk up,This is a converted Victorian house which has been partitioned with thin boards to become a hotel/ bnb. Walls are very thin and the room doors are lightly secured by a small lock. You can hear your neighbors snoring and if someone comes back to their room late at night. Carpets don't look like they have been cleaned for a long long time. This is also a walk up with no lifts or concierge service so expect to carry your bags up or down yourselves.,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or30-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel,We got what we paid for we had 3 nights in this hotel.  Firstly the bathroom was the only clean room.  The walls where the bed were had a bit of mold  and the curtains hanging were a bit dirty.  Behind the bed was some colourful wallpaper huts my eyes not much for decor in our room very plain and stale!   My husband and I were given a double bed so I pretty much had to sleep on top of him if I rolled I would have rolled off the bed!!  Pillows were terrible I had to roll up my coat and put under my pillow for added comfort.  There is no lift so if you do not want to drag heavy suitccases up flights of stairs this hotel is not for you!  We had no fan no fridge and tiny end tables on each side of the bed.   The room we were given had a door then a small space then another door to…,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or30-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice budget hotel,"We had a night in London and as I happened to end up on crutches for our visit , the desk clerk was very accommodating and put us in two family rooms in the basement to save me climbing 3 flights of stairs. We were able to leave our cases in a locked room as we arrived early and the front desk clerk even printed off the bus routes for us to get to central London and back . The girls room was very nicely decorated. Ours was as well but we ended up with a sofa bed that did smell of musk a bit but we folded it away and the room was a nice enough size for what we wanted. The beds are very cumpfy. On arrival for breakfast, we were presently surprised by the choice . Very nice friendly staff who can't do enough for you, even when the German guests where rude to them! I would happily…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or35-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Stayed in a family room , which was perfectly acceptable. Staff friendly. Would definitely use again . Clean too.Was able to park in front garden . Very useful. Had a fridge in room. Beds fine .Breakfast was adequate. I would definitely recommend the place. ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or35-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Budget b&b,"Our stay was good, the hotel is clean and comfortable.  We were a very short walk from the underground which made our stay  easy to manage.  Would definitely use again if travelling to that area of London.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or35-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"The building is nice. As well the location - central London, close to underground.  The triple room was big by London standards and clean. The breakfast was little bit poor.  The room that we recieved really stank with smell of mold and this contra deletes all positive sides of this property! Never again!",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or35-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Glad I paid reduce rate through Booking.com,"The room we stayed in in the basement was very different from their professional photos. It was very dark and dingy and the curtains were all hanging down. It was spacious enough, bathroom was fine and clean bedding. Although bed was hard as bricks and pillows were thin as pancakes! As per most reviews I definitely agree the main road is very noisy. Breakfast was fine, toast, croissants and cereals. Hotel were accommodating for our parking request as they have 3 spaces and weren't busy so they allowed us to stay for 24hrs for £20. I wouldn't stay here again but it's cheap and very good Location to Earl's Court pubs/restaurants and shops.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or35-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, not so good hotel","First of all: The staff member should provide correct information to the guest otherwise it can end in disaster for the guest. I already went for a pre-checkin at 11am. The room was not ready, so I asked if the reception is open 24h, since we would like to get our keys after our musical visit. The staff informed us that the hotel has 24h reception, after 1am, we just need to ring the bell. We returned shortly after 1am, there was someone still there, but this staff said that normally there is no check-in possible after 1am and usually there would be no one. Imagine coming from lovely evening and standing in front of closed door with nowhere to go in the middle of the night. Worst nightmare, even in London.  Location is very good, few minutes by walk to Earl's Court station, calm…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or40-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Comfy room and great location,"We spent a whole week this august in the Chelsea House hotel. We had a quadruple room, really comfortable, with an awesome en-suite bathroom. We enjoyed the complimentary tea and chocolate, the room was very clean and it was tidied every day (including new towels if you left the used ones on the floor). The breakfast was correct, the touristic information perfect and the staff very welcoming and helpful (they also have a luggage room). The hotel location is simply perfect. Just a few minutes walk from Earl's Court Underground station (which contains Piccadilly line, a 24-hour line), with full access to lots of buses and within walking distance of the Science Museum or Hyde Park. Without a doubt a good accommodation to stay in London for a reasonable price indeed!",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or40-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",great location - shame about the rest,yes it was a reasonable price £180 for 2 nights but there was no air conditioning and not even a fan.  We opened the filthy window and the road noise was hardly great for having a good night's sleep.  We may have had a bad room number 14 as some reviews we read sounded like a different hotel. Breakfast was cereal toast cheese and ham with coffee or tea.  The ensuite was clean but small and so was the room.  Will not be going there again despite great location near bus stops and tube.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or40-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Conveniently located,"We stayed at this 3 storey place near Earl's court station.  The room is clean but lots of broken items and creaking doors.    E.g. the soap holder is missing and thus none in the shower and toilet paper holder is missing too.  Room is pretty warm during a 28 degree day but fortunately cool down in the night but takes quite a while as there are no aircon or fan.  Simple fix like oiling the hinges and replacing the items in the shower and toilet could definitely make the place feel better.  Plus a portable fan will not cost much.  Breakfast is being served with cheap ham, standard muesli and cereals.  Staff is friendly but not accommodating.   Too many stairs, definitely. Not suitable when you are jetlag and have a big luggage or old.  Luggage room is dirty, could have cleaned up…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or40-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,The hotel is located about 10-15mins walk from the tube. My family and I stayed for four nights.  The room is big however it is without any view.  The toilet is newly renovated and clean with huge bed for 2 pax.  Not a wide spread of breakfast served.  Had a good discussion with the owner's son before we leave.  Wouldn't mind staying there again.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or40-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",nice room shame about the view,"this hotel where I have stayed before is well priced for central London. Our room was very nicely decorated and high standard shower room.  However we were located in one of the basement rooms which had an awful ""view"" of a 30 foot brick wall no more than a couple of feet from the window which was covered in pigeon poo.  We kept the curtains closed for the one night we were there. I understand that the logistics of the building are what they are but suggest that the windows in the basements rooms are covered in one of those plastic films . Staff very nice and let us keep our luggage in the storage room even after we checked out.  I don't like leaving 3 stars but for this visit the view really spoiled things.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or45-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,"The room wasnt all bad but the bathroom had a continued foul smell, they disnt change our floor towel,ever...we had to ask for extra towels as we didnt get any hand towels. There was mold all over the shower...and the shower either had cold or hot water no in between...and the staff had no idea about the area they were clueless...not worth the price we paid...then the heater cAme on randomly one morning. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or45-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel ,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 3 nights at the start of April 2017. We stayed in a room with double bed and for the price we payed we were very impressed by the style and how modern our room was. The breakfast was very simple - cereals , croissants , cheese and toast. It was perfect for us. The location is amazing with only a short walk to Earls Court tube station and lots of restaurants / bars and corner shops right near by.  Only complaint is during our stay the room we stayed in had the heating on full blast . The weather was amazing when we went reaching 24 degrees so we were very warm in the room. We did ask reception to turn it off but got an vacant yes reply and it never did get sorted. The staff overall could have been friendlier. Overall , it is a good budget hotel…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or45-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place to stay,"Nice place to stay, close to Chelsea football club and a few nice bars around. room was nice. Quite noisy though. Traffic, and corridor noise. Breakfast was lovely. Would stay again.!good price and nice staff.          ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or45-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Value for Money ,"Paid £50 for single room. Seems to have been recently renovated. Room was clean, modern bathroom and comfortable bed. Did not have breakfast as left too early.   Only concern is the detailed guest registration form that asked for identification number (not provided) and the receptionist also wrote down my credit card number despite me paying upfront. Otherwise good. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or45-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",A thoroughly enjoyable stay!,"My girlfriend and I spent two nights at this hotel. The location is in a nice area, and is perfect for getting in and out of the touristy areas of London, with Earls court station only 5 minutes walk away. We had a double room which was basic, but very clean and pleasant. For the price we payed, it was perfect.  The breakfast is nothing special, but there are plenty of places to grab a bite to eat in the area.  The only negative was that the traffic on the road outside was a little noisy at night, but this was really not that much of a problem us. Overall a very enjoyable stay, and I would thoroughly recommend it - particularly for people who want a quick getaway for a couple of days!",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or50-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful Location, Friendly Staff & Very Decent Room","The location of this hotel is perfect. It's near the tube station and it is very convenient as there are lots of eateries around the area. The size of the room is decent and the staff is very attentive too. The bathroom is newly renovated and there are sufficient USB ports, bedside lamps and reading lamps too. The price is very reasonable too. I would have no qualms of returning to this property again.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or50-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good value great location ,"Good sized clean room. Plenty of storage, plug sockets with USB ports, bedside lamps and reading lights. Clean modern bathroom with a good shower and toiletries and towels provided.Good breakfast choices. Very friendly staff.great location with easy tube access. For £45 per night I would definitely stay here again! A few minor factors: the room was a little worn in places and there was a desk area but no chair. Other than that it was perfect for my needs.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or50-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Attentive staff,"Stayed there for 2 nights. The staff upgraded us to a bigger room, which is much appreciated. We also asked for a plug adapter and got it free of charge. Bathroom were great. Staff friendly.  Happy with our stay. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or50-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"We only stayed at the Chelsea House for one night and it is clear to see the establishment is in the process of upgrading the bedrooms. Our en suite bathroom was of a high standard and impressive.. In our experience everything  was fine, The owners  have recently had a new boiler fitted and during our stay  had a few problems with the hot water and heating system. This inconvenience caused problems at breakfast time but it could not be helped. Staff were friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay there again,  it is in a quiet location yet central to all attractions. ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or50-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Stay in Great Neighborhood,"I recently stayed here for about a week and honestly didn't want to leave. I lived in the neighborhood when I studied abroad, so naturally I wanted somewhere familiar when traveling and the Chelsea House was lovely. It's definitely been recently renovated, with great showers, a full-length mirror in my room, television, dresser, tea kettle, and comfortable and clean beds. I only made it to breakfast once but it was tasty, perhaps a bit simple, but I wasn't complaining. The staff was friendly and helpful (they will print things up for you free of charge if you ask). I found the wifi was great, and my basement room was facing the street so it had a few nice windows and was comfortable. The only thing that could be improved would be having small refrigerators in the rooms, as it…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or55-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location for central London sights etc,"Booked tis hotel for a Birthday and anniversary celebration break. Was under no illusions regarding it...had read some review's beforehand. Hotel itself was fine. The room we were given was not so good. Downstairs in the basement ,very dark and dingy with only 1 window that looked out onto an alleyway. Several of the bulbs didn't work so reported them to the  guy on reception but he wasn't really interested and they didn't get changed either. Breakfast was ok, continental with hot drinks etc., adequate seeing as it was all included in the price. Room cleaned an bed made every day. The selling point is the fab location...Chelsea. Just a quick hop on the tube right into the centre of London. Staff were generally polite and helpful. Ask for any room except for basement !!! Good…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or55-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely small hotel,"We spend 3 nights here in a ground floor room. Our room was suprisely large with en-suite newly renovated bathroom. Only negative thing was quite small bed (another one of us is 190 cm and takes a lot of space.. :)) Breakfast included toast, croissants, tea, coffee, juice and cereals, perfectly enough for us.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or55-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",A good place for a weekend,"We stayed over for 2 nights and are happy with the place.  It seems that the hotel has been redone (paintings, carpet and bathrooms) after reading a few previous comments on TripAdvisor.   Bedroom was fine, with large bed. Bathroom was very nice with brand new floor, wall, shower, sink and toilet!   Breakfast was ok for what they had to offer (do not think you will get an English breakfast there, it's not part of the offer).  Only bad review would be the non smiling staff st breakfast!   Prize is correct.  Location is perfect! 5minutes away from Earl's Court underground and near the center!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or55-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location!,"This bed and breakfast is ideally  located.Less than 2 mins walk to the bus station and about 5 mins walk to the train station .There are many restaurants and bars around.e.g Kfc,Subway,Mediterranean king,Burger king etc. The room was a bit tiny,but was ideal for us since we were out most days.This is not a 5 star hotel,so dont expect too much.The bathroom was small as well,but good enough for us.There is a cupboard for clothes,flat screen tv and night stand .You get bath towels and bath gel.The room also comes with a kettle and tea/coffee.The room was cleaned everyday to our satisfaction.The bed was comfortable and we slept well.Our room was on the ground floor. Breakfast was the same everyday.ie.breads,croissants,cheese,sausage,cereal,oats,canned…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or55-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Cosy, intimate & affordable - I love it","This is a small intimate bed & breakfast, very clean and quiet with nice friendly staff. They recently renovated their rooms, the bathroom is very clean, hot water with soap and clean towels provided. The breakfast offered was the same every morning,  a simple continental breakfast served around 7am - 10am. You get what you pay for, it's very cheap so you cannot expect 5 star hotel accommodation. This is best suited for persons who intend to spend most of their time exploring London or attending a business meeting in which case they will be spending most of their time outside. Another good thing about this hotel is its location, it is situated about 3 minutes walking distance from the train station Earl's Court and there are many restaurants, bars, clubs and groceries also in…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or60-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Transit night stay,"Large room with no frills. Reasonably clean and built-in toilets. Most attractive price of less than £45 per night including simple breakfast, all in the vicinity of Earls Court Tube Station. What more can you ask for, when you can stay in central London for such prices?",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or60-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Mice in this hotel!,"I recently stayed at this hotel with my mom from September 30 - October 4. Upon our arrival we were given a room on the ground floor which was nice since we wouldn't have to drag our luggage up and down the stairs. We dropped our bags off in the room and left to get something to eat. Upon returning we were sitting on our beds having a light meal when all of a sudden my mom spotted a mouse run under our beds! We quickly packed all of our things up and I went to the front desk to let them know. We were then given another room but unfortunately it was on the very top floor (up many flights of stairs - and no lifts).   Continental breakfast is from 07:30 to 09:30 very day except Sunday (which is 08:00 to 10:00). It is coffee, juice, cereal, meat/cheese, fruit salad and…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or60-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Charming little hotel,"I was here with a friend of mine. I truly loved this hotel. It's very close to the tube, the staff working there is extremely kind and the breakfast is great: lots of choice for drinks and food. The hall room and the breakfast room have a very charming English style. Bedrooms are small but they have all the facilities you need: bathroom inside, tv, hair dryer and Wi-Fi connection. Very lovely, in a beautiful area of London and very good prices.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or60-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Friends trip to London ,"5-9th September  Arrived Monday evening checked in with our friends on two different bookings, slow check in service, receptionist informed originally was on separate floors but managed to get us two rooms next to each other on the basement floor, we were given basement 1 room, first impressions very dark, bathroom separate to the bathroom which was a in a corridor rather than attached to the room, bedroom itself smelt of damp and musty, was not happy to have been put in this room so asked if we could be put in the original room we had booked, this was on the top floor, climbing six flights of stairs with your suitcase was hard work but the room itself made up for the stair climbing we have room 35, very light and airy, due to it being warm we kept the windows open all night.…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or60-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect stay,"Noisy from the busy street, and you could still hear people talking from other side of the wall.  But it doesn't matter cos rooms are clean, newly renovated bathroom, friendly staff, reasonable breakfast, good location and good price.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or65-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",3rd visit,"Big improvement since we were here last shower rooms all updated,the downer was if you get a front room it's pretty noisy as on a very busy road, but hey that's London,rooms very clean staff nice!!👍great location we came for a Chelsea football game,but 10mins from underground so access all areas! ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or65-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Nicely surprised!,"As it's a 2 stars hotel, we were not expecting much, but it was for a night out with 2 friends so whatever happened it wasn't a big deal... In the end, we'll definitely keep their details as we were nicely surprised! The location is practical (10 minutes walk from Earls Court Underground), it has been renovated lately, there's a luggage room where you can leave your stuff during the day and our bathroom was really lovely (and super nice shower!). Oh and our bedroom opened onto a garden... We paid £65 for 3, which is quite a good deal! Breakfast included, nothing amazing but you have the usual stuff: cereals, toasts and drinks, which is already good for that price!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or65-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Pleasant Stay","Very nice room, 5 min walk from Earl's Court Station, kind and helpful staff. great value for money. would defiantly stay again. not a lot of selection for breakfast but i cant really complain because i did like what they had as a selection:-) ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or65-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient to and from the airport, yet in the heart of London and friendly","I was passing through the UK a few weeks back and had 2 days and one night to stay in London. I asked a local friend to book a room in a location convenient to meet up, but straightforward to get to from the airport. The Chelsea House Hotel, a family style B&B, is a short walk from Earls Court Station, on the Piccadilly Line. I was there in no time from Heathrow. The room (B1) was clean, quiet, well kept and cool! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Thanks a lot Jalpa, Marius, Keren, Roxana and Andrea! It is the perfect place for any traveler looking for a reasonable place in the heart of London. I was there by myself on a work related trip, but families and couples were also staying. A simple but filling breakfast and many local restaurants to choose from for dinner…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or65-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap & clean, but average.","Near to Earls Court tube station. 24 hour access. Hotel didn't have much in the way of amenities and the breakfast was pretty poor (tinned fruit, cheap bread & croissants, margarine, no butter etc) Didn't expect much more for the price so we nipped round to Starbucks each morning.  The room was clean but the bed was short (I'm 6'1"" and my feet were over the edge). It could have done with a small table as there was only one bedside cabinet that was full of tea & coffee making items (that we never used). The beds were made daily and clean towels provided.  The windows were single glazed and there was a tiny heater so I wouldn't fancy staying here in cold weather. All rooms are upstairs and there is no lift. We were on level 3. (Incidentally, there was horrific wallpaper on the…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or70-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Fab location. ,"Perfect for what we paid, clean and comfortable. Friendly staff and breakfast was basic but fine. 5 minutes walk from earls court and plenty of bars and restaurants close by. Would recommend the Troubadour round the corner and kings kebabs to soak up the alcohol. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or70-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, comfortable rooms, breakfast could be better","We stayed 8 nights at the Chelsea House and appreciated the non turistic, quiet and well connected area. Room was ok but at the third floor with narrow and steep stairway. Breakfast could be greatly improved in terms of variety and quality.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or70-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice area,Great location. Not far from Earls court tube station.  Many places to eat and drink nearby.  Nice and clean room.  Breakfast was simple but good enough.  Wifi was strong throughout the hotel.  Staff was very nice.   Only downside was that there is no elevator.  ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or70-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for ,"In relation to my previous acacia hostel review I was transferred to this hotel as they had a ground floor room. The receptionist was very nice and told me that it had all been refurbished. He should be tomorrow room and although it met my needs for the one night I would not recommend staying any longer. I open the curtains to look outside I have a brick wall, The paint work is poorly done, The cupboard is not safely against the wall it's actually quite unstable I'm too scared to open the door and finally there is a burnt to mark just underneath the radiator. Although I was able to connect to the free Wi-Fi it did not work very well and I don't like the fact that you have to hand your keys in every time you choose to go out but of course they will give the keys back when you…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or70-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant little B&B!,Stayed for 2 nights over a long weekend. The hotel was located 5 minutes from the tube station but it was far enough away to be quiet. Staff were friendly and efficient. We had a double room with a private bathroom. The room was clean and looked like it had been recently decorated. The bathroom was small but perfectly fine for our needs. I cannot comment on the breakfast which was included in the price as we slept in and missed it during our stay. Would definitely stay here again. Excellent value for money!,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or75-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"This hotel is situated about 5 min walk from Earls Court tube station. Ideal location for visiting the sights. We were warmly welcomed by a member of staff. We had a room for 3 people - 1 double bed and a single sofa bed. Our room was clean, with a tv, tea and coffee facilities, and a nice en suite shower room. The room was at the back of the hotel, so we had little noise. Breakfast was continental style and was fine to start the day with. Superb value for a central London hotel - we were visiting The Chelsea Flower Show and were amazed to get accomadation at such a great price during that week. We had booked the hotel way in advance to get the deal, so advanced planning paid off. Only negative, was the room decor was a bit tired, and furniture could have been updated, but…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or75-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",VERY CLEAN NICE HOTEL WILL STAY AGAIN:),"Wasn't sure whether i would be able to stay as the london availability on the day to book hotels are very far and few between, luckily this hotel managed to book me in at a very good rate. I was surprised the room was clean, spacious and had an en suite, The shower was one of the best showers i had used! Very happy and very good price, only thing is that you have to pay on top for parking or use the on street one which is very pricey.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or75-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean rooms, good deal","The hotel is about 5 minutes from underground Earls Court, which is on District line - it will take you to lot of major London´s highlights. We´ve stayed for 3 nights and had a quad room (one double, one single bed, one sofa) in last (4th) floor. The room was very small, but sufficient and clean, with own bathroom. We were kind of backpackers, but in case of some large luggage there would be no place to put it (if I´d succeed to climb four floors with it). Breakfast wasn´t the big ""english"" one, but you don´t expect it for this price - so we´ve got coffee, milk, toasts, butter and jam and some cereals.  I´d definitely recommend this place.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or75-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Buget hotel but nice ! ! ,"We recently staid here for 3  nights, Tuesday to Friday ' it's nice and clean, they do a continental breakfast, which is ok but theirs so many places to eat round here it was fine , one thing that was really good was how close to the tube it was , five minutes walk , it's a good  hotel and not expensive! Would I stay here again ? ? Yes. If you do decide to stay here , theirs an excellent cafe bar that play live music called the troubadour club it's fantastic.....  ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or75-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing quality of the hotel.,"Old hotel, room very small, no chairs, only one night cabinet beside one bed, so i had to put my phone and water on the floor. The bathromm however was very nice, nothing wrong with that. But the room was situated on the first floor, difficult door to open because the bed was in the way. The window came looked out on a wall, only one meter away, you could almost touch it. The breakfast was a joke, only milk and some cereals and coffee and orange juice from a can. They asked you if you wanted toast, but there was only some jam with it. I bought some cheese and took it me the next day. The staff on the otherhand was very friendly, location of the hotel also, chelsea is a beautiful area, in the surrounding of the hotel many restaurants from many differant cultures, wich was great.…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or80-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice and quiet. ,"Stayed here for a little break with the better half. Spent two nights in a double room and it was lovely. The room was clean, the shower in the en-suite was hot and powerful which was great after a long day walking around. The hotel is less than five minutes walk from earls court station which is a lovely place. The hotel also served a large selection of breakfast items. The only disappointing thing is that the double bed was actually two singles pushed together, not the best thing after a long day but it's hardly noticeable. I'd stay here again if I was in that area.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or80-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Really helpful staff!,"Good location: It's quiet and very close to the tube to get anywhere else in London. Bathroom! It was new and super nice. The breakfast included toast and cereal. Staff was really helpful, they printed out a bunch of tickets for me free of charge. They had storage for luggage in case you need it. Overall, pretty great. I'd recommend!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or80-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Helpful and friendly staff, pleasantly surprised with room!","Just returned from a two night stay, very close to lots of local bars and restaurants, easy to get to Earl's Court tube and only a walk to High Street Ken for shopping. Shared a twin room with my mum, very clean and bathroom recently refurbished. There was a bit of noise on the first night, which I slept through, but mum didn't, so we were able to change rooms without a problem and it was an even nicer room. Breakfast is cereal and toast but for the price it's adequate. Also I'd misplaced my phone charger and the reception very kindly lent me theirs. On our last day we were able to store our luggage while we went out and my mum was able to change before her flight in one of the rooms. Highly recommend for the price. Staff very friendly and helpful.  Would've liked a bedside lamp…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or80-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",We get what we want,"Good location to visit London, between Heathrow and City. Good connections to all over London. Room was tidy and bathroom quite newly renovated. Breakfast was quite modest but good. Check-in and check-out were really effective and fast. Personnel was friendly. And the Best - it takes ten minutes to walk to Stamford Bridge.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or80-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"Clean, tidy bedrooms. New Bathrooms. Great location. Close to Tube and additional parking £15 (Note only one spot, and had to call to book) Note the breakfast is included but simple - cereal, toast and tea.  Could not ask for more for the budget. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or85-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",pleasant relaxed atmosphere,"it was my second stay in Chelsea House, and i am glad i fouund this hotel/BB and B...the location is excellent - en te atmosphere relaxed - it's a rather intimate hotel (not too big or too much poeple, so not noisy) so comfortable for me. You can go with all your needs to the receptinn and they try to  take care of it.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or85-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great little surprise ,"As a female solo traveler, I enjoyed how close it was to the metro.  This was a big bonus.  It made the trip so much easier.  I loved the view to the room.  Made it feel like I actually lived there in London. View that I can see the sunrise.  I stayed in G2. Provides body gel and shampoo.  Body gel reminds me of like an axe bodyspray smell.  Which personally I like a lot. Only downside that I had was the door.  I would have felt safer if it had a lock while inside the room.  The door next to me was so close that in my 1st night there, it felt like my door is the one that opened up. Which got me a bit jumpy at first. Would be great if they would install these.  Grocery stores, restaurants and bars at walking distance. Felt safe to grab some drinks alone and walk back, which was…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or85-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Great value, brilliant location.","After reading hundreds of bad reviews of London hotels in this price bracket, a lot of them with third world conditions, my wife and I were were very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. If all you need is a clean room in a good location this is for you. Now don't be put off by the room decor, with ugly wallpaper and bedheads from the 70s, just remember that London hotels are VERY expensive and at this price style isn't paramount. The bathroom was brilliant! All bathrooms in the hotel were totally renovated in September and they are stylish, functional and we had the best shower so far on our trip.  The breakfast is just cereal and toast with juice and tea & coffee- very basic but what do you expect for this price?  Marios the Romanian guy who does afternoon/night duty is a…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or85-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Good location is about the only positive thing I can say , stayed here for one night and it was so disappointing. Was given a family room, which was fine, however on our return at 9pm, the room was cold and remained cold all night. There was an old electric heater provided, but looked a bit dangerous. But it got worse, after having shared one of the beds to try and keep warm, we got up in the morning to find there was no hot water left. We didn't stay to try the breakfast that was included, and there was no point in complaining as the manager or owner was to busy having his breakfast. It was also very noisy,  the hotel is very close to a main road. The doors within the hotel could do with some WD40.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or85-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and room/ low quality breakfast,"Very good location / room and bathroom ok. Breakfast- very low quality, I think that for no much more means that could be improved: real / eatable jam, butter, fresh bread, ham, cheese, better coffe, alternatively tea. Wi fi OK, but there is no table, nor chair to work on a computer in the room, light next to the bed was not working. Service was nice and prompt. Overall I come again if:  price  20% down + improved breakfast quality + chair and table in the room added       ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or90-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Great bathroom, room not so hot","Great location, seems to still be in the middle of renovation, which is probably why it was cheap. Thankfully the bathroom had been done, and was excellent. The bedroom was like a boarding house from the 70s, cupboard without doorknobs and beds with thin mattresses.  The whole place was very clean, and if it isn't too expensive, once the renovation is done it could be an excellent place to stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or90-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Did the job,"Stayed here for a night last week with my partner and found that it did the job well. Checking in was relatively quick and were given our keys and made our way up. Our room number was 24, which although was on the 2nd floor (I think that's what they said), was actually around 6 flights of stairs. It wasn't a problem for ourselves but for someone who might struggle with stairs it would be a problem. The room was clean and spacious with an extra single bed as well as a kettle and tea. The tv looked relatively new, we only watched it for the news in the morning though so can't comment any more. The bathroom was lovely, incredibly clean and looked recently refurbed, if a little cramped but at these prices we weren't that bothered. Breakfast the next day was alright, coffee with…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or90-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",over nite stay,on arival quite late due to travel and work we arrived to a warm welcome from a freindly staff member checked in and proceded to room  the room we had  was on the small side but comfey warm and clean fresh bedding and modern ensuite the property is undergoing  a refurb but caused no problems  the only downside was brekfast with cereal and toast no cooked but hay ho the staff very freindly and helpfull the location is good not to far from main areas of london shrort tube ride away ect  overall would we stay there again  yes we would,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or90-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful stay in a modest hotel,"My best friend and I wanted to do London on the less expensive side.  We found the Chelsea House Hotel, and we liked the central location.  Only a 5 minute walk to M&S, a grocery store, and just a minute or two longer to the Earl's Court station on the Piccadilly line of the Tube.    The staff was wonderful.  Marius, one of the front desk clerks, is professional, helpful, and a class act.  He helped us in so many ways.  My bff and I are both in our sixties, and he assigned us a room on the ground floor.  As other reviewers have said, there is no lift.    Our room was G-3:  Remember that!  I wish that everyone would remember to include their room numbers.  Our room was one of the most recently remodeled. It was quiet on the rear side of the hotel.  The room is small (expected),…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or90-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay,My parter and I stayed at the Chelsea house hotel on 26th and 27th September. The hotel is located about 5mins walk from Earls Court Station so extremely handy when visiting London for a few days. We stayed in room G1 on the ground floor. The room was small but had what we needed. The bathroom was very small but had recently been decorated.  Breakfast was cereal and toast with either orange juice or coffee to drink. No water or tea set up with the rest of the items. We found the hotel to be very noisy as you can hear people coming at going very easily although we did only sleep in the hotel as we were out and about most of the time.  Overall a pretty good hotel in an ideal location.  ,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or95-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but can improve,"The best thing about this hotel is its location, between Chelsea and Kensington, a lovely and wealthy neighborhood, and close to Earl’s Court tube station -District Line. We also enjoyed, (i) the kindness of the staff and (ii) the availability of an effective (and free) wi-fi network for guests . We have not appreciated (a) the absence of a lift (steep stairs, very unconfortable especially with luggage) (ii) the old carpet both in the rooms and in the lobby and (iii) the limited options available for breakfast. Anyway, please note that maintenance works were in progress, it is possible that in the near future the situation could improve.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or95-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Weekend in London, visiting Royal Albert Hall, concert Al Stewart, May 2015","Very friendly staff, made it possible to arrange, in advance, a bouquet roses in the room on our day of arrival. Breakfast was rather 'simple' but Ok for a first start. Acco is easy to get to by train and underground from London City airport.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or95-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, Straightforward Small London Hotel","Spent just one night prior day at Wimbledon. Close to Earls Court Tube, M&S for provisions, & local Cafes & Restaurants. We had ground floor room G3 - no traffic noise once bathroom window & door closed. As part of a comprehensive renovation - outside and in - G3 had been redecorated and a completely new shower-room fitted (the best twin-headed shower system we've ever come across!). Just the floor, skirting and carpet to attend to. Small breakfast room for simple continental - cereal & toast tea or coffee - included in the competitive tariff. Some of the 'wealthy old house' features retained - a superb front door for instance.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or95-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient and comfortable,"We stayed here for two nights as we wanted somewhere easy to get to from Heathrow and also convenient for central London.  The room was clean and comfortable, on the whole; the bathroom had obviously been very recently renovated and was beautifully done (it looked like there was still a light to be installed over the mirror as there was a cable there). Staff were helpful and the continental breakfast perfectly adequate.  A few things would have made the stay even better: we had a bit of an issue with the two king single beds making up the one large bed sliding apart - it didn't seem that they were fastened together; the pillows were a bit flat, and the bathroom didn't have a towel rail so we were forced to chuck them over the radiator to dry.  It's not a five star luxury hotel…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or95-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",For the budget traveler,"Understanding that it is difficult to find cheap accommodation in London, this could be a solution if you are on a tight budget, but do not expect luxury. There was a lot of construction going in the hotel, so there were paint buckets, tarp, scaffolding, and other materials laying around. The breakfast was quite scanty (cereal and toast) with coffee. The wifi was incredibly spotty and worked sporadically.   All of that said, the bathroom was very nice and new. Additionally, the staff was helpful in arranging a 4am taxi to get us to train station.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or100-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Crap! Glad we only stayed 1 night...,"Arrived in hotel with 3 people as booked. Were directed to room downstairs. Had to step over all sorts of junk straight at the bottom of stairs. It was obvious they are in the midst of a refurbishment. Room tiny for 3 people. Only 2 cups for drinks, junk in back yard, people walking around. No bath mat. Bathroom nice but unfinished. Breakfast a poor, consisting of 2 slices of toast, choice of 3 cereal, tea, coffee and cheap orange juice. Junk stacked in dining room.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or100-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good value base for this side of London,"This small hotel has has some bad reviews in the past. We have just stayed here for 3 nights and found that the previous reviews are out of date.  The hotel has gone through a full redecoration and all the rooms have had new bathrooms. We stayed on the ground floor and could not fault the room. We had a look in the larger family room on the ground floor and that was of the same standard. The ground floor rooms were waiting for new carpets to be fitted which was the final work to be done. We found all the staff including the owner to be very helpful and friendly whilst we were there. The breakfast was what we expected, cereal, toast, fruit juice, coffee or tea. There is coffee on offer all day in the breakfast room, and tea and coffee making facilities in each room. We arrived…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or100-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Refurbished hotel good vale and service in the heart of Chelsea,This hotel has received a number of poor reviews however having just stayed there for three nights for our base whilst visiting the Chelsea flower show 40 mins walk away and then the O2 arena via tube we can say it has been extensively refurbished and redecorated to an excellent standard. All Rooms have new showers with double shower heads and bathroom shower gels provided. The buffet style breakfast is ample and service for the toast and tea if requested is very quick. The staff were helpful and quickly changed our room to a ground floor room when we asked them to.  Clearly the work is ongoing with new beds and carpets next to be replaced. The hotel is easily accessible from Earls Court tube station which is 10 minutes walk away. Kensington High Street is only 20 mins walk away…,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or100-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Far worse than any hostel...,"Booked in to stay just two nights. First of all, the room had no power. Mentioned this to an extremely unhelpful gentleman at the front desk who said he couldn't do anything and we'd just have to wait for it to come back on. This took a while.  Secondly, the shower (which I was reluctant to get in to in the first place because of how grotty it looks), didn't properly drain causing water to spill over on to the floor and cause a leak in the ceiling to the poor people in the room below. Extremely annoying. We literally just wanted to take a shower.  Third, you have to leave your key at the reception every time you go out.... I wasn't too sure about this but I thought it would be fine. When we got back to our room later at night our door was wedged wide open with my mothers bag!!!…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or100-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"Our daughter organised our stay here. It was part of  our Christmas present which included a theatre trip, a meal and seeing her run a half marathon. Therefore the booking was made 4 months in advance. By the time we got here it was obvious that the hotel was  undergoing a major revamp with a builders skip prominently in the front garden. Our room was half way through the process of re modelling with the bathroom finished and the carpets and curtains in the bedroom still needing to be replaced. All I can say is that if the standard of the bathroom is anything to go by I am looking forward seeing all the works finished. I think it is a credit to the staff that our stay, in spite of the building work, was comfortable and pleasant.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or105-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, good wifi good location","This hotel is ok for location,  it's 10 minutes from Earl's Court. The room was very basic. There was no side cabinets. No bin. No hairdryer. Tv had no remote control. We asked for one. When we got one the TV didn't work anyway. No kettle or tea & coffee. The bed was solid. For breakfast we had cereal orange juice and toast. Wifi was great.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or105-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Perfekt hotel for people on a budget, good access to the tube!","Chelsea is a small hotel in a very good part of London. The location is perfect for trips to all of the places you want to visit as tourist. Staff is very friedly, breakfast ist typically for London, I recommend it to everybody who is on a budget ;-)",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or105-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, but recommended.","I needed a reasonably priced, (ok, cheap), hotel just to put my head down for the night, to save me driving home from work late and coming back very early to the same place the next day. Obviously, if I'm not earning much money on a job, it is pointless splashing out a fortune on a lavish hotel, just to save the drive home and back again. This little hotel served that purpose admirably. The staff were friendly, and the rooms were basic but clean and the bathroom looked very recently refurbished. Nothing to complain about here, considering the price! However, although the booking included breakfast, this was my only slight gripe. 'Breakfast' was tea, coffee or fruit juice, toast and a bowl of cereal. There was no fried breakfast, even as a chargeable option. It would have been…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or105-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very good budget B&B,"I stayed for one night in a single room (with bathroom) for £53.00 and was very impressed with what you got for the price.   Friendly service and good location - plus tea and coffee making facilities in the room which always pleases me. Nice, big fluffy towels in the bathroom (no bath mat though) Very easy to find, not far from Earls Court tube station.  I would definitely stay at this place again when I visit London next time",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or105-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",If you're on a budget this place is hard to beat,"I note other reviews and agree with many of them, but £65 per night for a double room with (admittedly basic - toast, cereal & coffee) breakfast, and just 3 minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station. Hard to get better value in this part of London I would suggest.  We found the staff absolutely lovely - especially Mr Alpesh who is a perfect gentleman, looking after our luggage before we checked in and for several hours after checking out. Add to that offering us all the free tea and coffee we could drink until we decided where and when to go out and about. Thankyou Mr A.  Our room on the top floor was clean, with tea n coffee making facility, ultra warm shower, oh so comfy bed and a 32"" wall mounted TV.  Large fluffy towels? Large fridge? Yes indeed.    No bathmat. No bedside…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or110-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"Very basic hotel.  Rooms rather rundown. Small room, no chairs, bed not very comfortable, but we did get huge fluffy white towels.  But no bathmat.  Breakfast just cereal and toast, juice and coffee, again pretty basic.  It is, however, in a very good location, near restaurants and pubs and the tube, with trains direct to Heathrow, as well as to tourist attractions.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or110-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Earls court,"Hotel is in a good position for the tube and a few shops, if you are looking for a even a tiny bit of luxury you will not find it at this hotel, rooms are small breakfast is ok but tables would look so much nicer with a nice table cloth on them.Overall not bad for the price, but don't think i would stay there again",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or110-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap,"Pretty lousy place.  If you're looking for a bed and continental breakfast for cheap, then that's what you have.  Unfortunately, we had numerous problems, starting with no hot water or drainage in our shower.  Second, while we were out and about, the hotel decided they needed our room for another family, so they took the liberty of packing us and moving our belongings into another room without even notifying us.  We found our toothbrushes wrapped in clothes in the bottom of our bags, so our luggage was gone through unnecessarily.  In the process of moving us, a pair of shoes and a couple other items went missing.  Sure, it's a cheap place, but next time I'll just fork out the extra money for a better hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or110-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Very kind staff, medium general service","You get what you pay for. We were 3 in the last floor on the 3rd floor with no lift. The shower didn't work properly but the room and above all the bad was comfortable! Breakfast is composed by toasts, jam, milk, coffee, and tea..good.  N.B. All the staff was very kind and nice with all of us and if we needed something and we asked 4 it they were very helpful",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or110-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Go away,Go anywhere else. Nothing is good except the localisation. Street noise Materials out of order the Breakfast is not a breakfast Room very small Shower out of order The worst hotel i've ever been. London YES... this hotel NO,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or115-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",:D,"Clean, okay rooms, would be nice with some eggs or some ham with breakfast! The Wifi was REALLY GOOD, we had no problems acessing it even in our room that was on the bottom floor. The staff was nice and we were able to get in even when we arrived to get the keys really late!",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or115-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Love London - hate this hotel,"We didn't actually stay here. We arrived and they announced that 'there was a problem with the room' and that they had booked us into a different hotel (didn't bother to call us before we arrived). We waited for half an hour while they called a taxi to take us there and then they realised they had given us the wrong hotel. So third time lucky and we were on our way to Notting Hill (this took over an hour as it was RideLondon weekend). They were pretty rude but insisted that we would be going to a better hotel than the Chelsea House - but failed to mention that the new hotel didn't serve breakfast which we had paid for. Rubbish service, avoid this place unless you'd like to play lucky dip with any other hotel anywhere in London.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or115-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Save yourself money and frustration - go elsewhere, anywhere else","This was the worst hotel by far out of 11 we were at in our Ireland/UK tour.   Upon arrival the individual (the incompetent one, other was nice/competent but constantly on smoke breaks) could not match up our order - was somewhat insisting I was wrong until I pulled the email confirmation up on my phone.  If you have any issue with stairs do not come here - it took 6 sets of stairs to get to our ""3rd floor"" room - then the bathroom door only opened about 70 degrees before it slammed into the toilet (could barely squeeze through).   The 3rd floor fridge and table are slanted about 2.5 inches from front to back because about 4 feet of the room at the end is slanted - now it's funny to think about how most anything we put on the table immediately started sliding towards the floor,…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or115-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!,"Dingy, mouldy, actually quite a frightening hotel! I asked for a nice room, and was put in a bigger room with just a bed in it, a wardrobe and chest of drawers...the room stunk of mould and had dead spiders hanging in the corners and I felt quite unsafe.  I can't stress enough to avoid it, it should be closed down by Health and safety I'm sure!",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or115-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"We were a family of 4 and reserved a Quad room.  1st night we are given a triple with a 4th bed thrown in the room so there was no floor left.  The bathroom was GROSS, the shower had mold all over it.  They would have left us there the entire week had we not complained.  They moved us next night to Quad room and it was much bigger, but there was mold on the wall in the bedroom, the carpet was dirty, oh and two mornings we woke up and there was no water - NONE.   When you mention these things they give you the impression these are normal things that happen in a hotel.  They get by on the very minimal.  We starting joking about it each day wondering would could go wrong it was a comedy of errors.  Some of the other things that went wrong:  - the towel rack was balanced on the…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or120-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Unhappy with this B&B in July, 2014","I just returned from 9 days in London.  It is a beautiful , clean city with proud,friendly people.  But This B&B should not be part of this city.  The staff, although friendly, were unable to help with Any of the many problems.  One of the receptionist commented that the owners don't care and Won't spend any money on repairs or improvements.  Read all the reviews.  There are serious Health and safety problems at this location.  I would not recommend renting a room here.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or120-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible - we would never stay there again!!!,"We booked a quad room for 4 people for 6 nights.   On arrival we were told that there is no quad room available so they gave us 2 rooms - one single room and 1 triple room. That was OK for us as the price was the same.   However, on the 2nd night when we went back to the hotel after a long day in London to get to sleep, we found the baggage of the single room packed out of the room and stored into the reception. The receptionist told us that they had to give the single room to another person and that we all need to sleep in the triple room this night. So we had to sleep 4 people in a triple room that night. There was absolutely no other option suggested by the receptionist. It was very uncomfortable but on the next day they paid us back 70 pounds for that night so we decided we…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or120-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",visiting,I was here in july14 visiting London this hotel was excellent value for money cheap clean friendly and 5 minutes walk from earls Court underground.highly reccommended I will definitely be looking to stay here on my next trip to London                ,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or120-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Had to do... but won't stay again unless drastic updates are made!,"On our first night of arrival we were put into a room downstairs which quite frankly felt like the old London Dungeons!  There was a mildew smell and no air ventilation.  The shower was full of mould in the grouting and wouldn't dare shower without shoes on!  Woke up the next morning with water dripping from a crack in the ceiling onto the bed!!  Went to complain and was given an ""upgrade"".  There were 4 beds in our room (originally asked for a twin room) and the shower and toilet room was son tiny that you just about managed to fit into it.  The shower also had mould in the grouting and wouldn't dare shower without my shoes on.  The walls in the rooms have damp in them and it just needs a serious update.  Everything in the hotel does.  I can say that the staff were friendly…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or120-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Beware! You may not have a room.,"If I could give a zero for service at this hotel, it would be deserved. I went to London with a family member to attend a funeral. I booked a twin room through Budgetplaces .com and verified the booking the day before our arrival. We arrived as planned, at approx 8.30 pm by taxi from the airport  only to be told that the room wasn't available and that they had booked a room for us in the Aquarius Hotel on Hogarth Street. We had never been in that area before and indeed are not at all familiar with London. We are middle-aged but he refused to pay for a taxi and handed us a black and while map which was, as you can see, illegible.  We proceeded on foot to Hogarth Street with our bags and found the hotel, expecting it to be at least of equal standard to the Chelsea House Hotel.…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or125-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",simply and with a certain charm,"room simply and with a certain charm. breakfast was ok 2 toast, jam 1 species, grain flakes, mueslie, orange juice, coffee... and tea on request. one goes at least not hungry from the house. otherwise: is really clean something else: stains on the bedspread and curtain, plaster in the bathroom is falls down. certainly not comparable to a German hotel in this price range!!!!!! but bed itself was clean and very comfortable. super centrally located. very friendly staff. we would go back again.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or125-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite sure what to make of it...,"I stayed at the hotel in early July. I am a female in my dearly 20 s and was traveling solo. Upon arriving at the hotel, after a strange and unfamiliar experience on the tube, I found the staff member at the desk very abrupt, and not at all welcoming or friendly. I felt very taken aback and after the slightly daunting experience of traveling to the hotel by myself, did not feel particularly at ease once I had arrived. The receptionist eye finitely lacked sufficient customer service skills and went the processes of checking me in as if they were an annoying interruption to his evening. My room was small and the carpet was not clean. The bed was comfortable enough and the sheets were clean and in good condition. The room had a new tv which worked well. I also had free wifi which…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or125-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Old and Incredibly Noisy,"Good location for Earl's Court and the Kensington & Chelsea district, but right on a main road and incredibly noisy -there must be a hospital nearby as I got about 3 hours' sleep in between various sirens and noisy cars, even though I asked for a quiet room. The hotel decor is old and tired, but this is usually a cheaper form of non-hostel accommodation -unless the online booking sites are wildly inflating prices again. The en-suite is also old and has no curtain or blind in the window, even if it only looks at another wall. The staff were pleasant enough, but I didn't try the breakfast because it finished inconsiderately early (09:30!) for a weekend. Free parking can be had on Sundays on the road outside.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or125-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",You gets what you pays for,"The facilities are old, breakfast is basic and there is no lift but the staff will look after you and the price of accommodation is very cheap for the area. The premises are close to the tube. There is a laundry, convenience store, several restaurants and a couple of bars within 100 metres. You can walk to several significant attractions within 20 minutes if you wish. My wife and I spent 9 days over 6 weeks based here and were able to safely leave bags at the hotel while we were travelling elsewhere.  If we were to visit London again we would certainly book into the Chelsea House Hotel.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or125-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Not Worth the Money,"Stayed here on the 28th June 2014 for one night. Booked to get in early12noon, only to be told people still in room so have to wait, came back at 2pm and still had to wait a further 15 minutes as cleaner in there! The room no 21 was basic, Wardrobe needs to be thrown away, slanted and hard to open. The shower door was broken so had to hold door to open and then it didn't shut all the way, plus the shower attachment holder was broken so had to hold the shower, which was a little awkward! Only decent thing was the bed, which was comfortable. Although breakfast Toast, 3 Cereals, Coffee or orange juice was okay, the breakfast area needs inproving. For the amount of people staying there, there just wasn't enough room and people were having to wait around for other guests to finish. …",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or130-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great find,Wanted a hotel for an overnight stay when we went to Brixton O2Academy. It was perfect. Best nights sleep ever in a hotel bed. Room was small but had a lovely bathroom. Nice touch with chocolates and chilli sauce. Good quality toiletries plenty of fluffy towels.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or130-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"The personnel attending during May 23 until May 26, 2014 were extremely friendly with an excellent level of service.  Very oriented to assist us in everything we needed.  My gratitude to them because they made us feel at home plus they were a great help in getting to know an amazing city named London.                                                        ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or130-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",NOT WORTH IT,It was little close to the tube. The room given to us was right on top and the hotel did not have a lift so it was not practical going up and down all the time. The bathroom was not only small the shower only had hot water flowing so we could hardly take bath. We could not connect the wifi in the room so any time we want to access the net we had to come down and use it on the stairs. The breakfast served was not sufficient.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or130-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for overnight stay,This hotel is okay for an overnight stay and for the relative low price.  Pretty basic and the  breakfast is nothing to write home about.  Staff pleasant. Easy access to central London and plenty of local restaurants.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or130-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice!,"Breakfast was good, the room was very clean and towels were changed daily. The position is great since the hotel is in zone 1 and really close to the tube. The staff was also really nice and I would definitely go back!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or135-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",questioned the safety!,"my main concern was the safety. whenever you leave the guest house you must leave your key at reception, on a very reachable board. the reception was not manned at all times so basically anybody could have come and grabbed a key. the first receptionist we had when we checked in wasn't very polite. we left him our key when we went out. when we came back again late that night it was a different receptionist, didn't know us or our faces, but didn't question when we asked for our key. same with the third different receptionist on the next day. how do they know you're even staying at the hotel? bit worrying.  aside from that, it was quite clean, although our 'double bed' was two singles pushed together which wasn't too comfy. bathroom was nice, shower decent, view was of a brick wall…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or135-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,This hotel is basic but the room was ensuite with free shampoo and shower gel and had tea and coffee making facilities. Unfortunately the TV didn't work. THe bed was comfortable and I slept well. The breakfast was just cereals and toast but this was clearly stated at time of booking. The hotel is well situated within easy walking distance of Earls Court underground. For London this is cheap. In the past I have paid more and sometimes stayed in places no better than this.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or135-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant experience,"The receptionist was so very helpful as we had no idea of our way around london. The room was clean and so was the be Anthropomorphic,  there was a coffee/ tea facility which we enjoyed. Overall a pleasant experience .",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or135-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",If you're looking for a DSS B&B..... you found one!,"The staff are unfriendly and showed no manners. After a nights sleep, we went down for breakfast not to be greeted with 'Good Morning', instead we were rudely accused of not filling in the form on arrival and also accused of not paying! We weren't asked when we arrived and assumed we were to pay on leaving. In no way is this 'hotel' worth £80 a night.  The whole place is dirty. Sick stains on the stair carpet. Broken furniture. Taps that don't have running water. Double bed was two twins pushed together. Picture hanging on the wall was screwed on, upside down! Door on the wardrobe was hanging off. This was room 21 - avoid if poss! Continental breakfast in dingy 'dining room' appeared to be just cornflakes  or Weetabix - we went to Starbucks! I recommend you stay well clear of…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or135-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient,"Basic hotel, very clean and rooms made up every day.  No lift, so probably not a great choice if you don't like stairs! That said the staff were very friendly and helpful and the venue in a convenient location.  Would definitely consider next time :)       ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or140-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Clean, friendly, dated. 3 words to sum up this basic, but value for money, hotel in Earls Court/North Chelsea. Was placed in a basement room and feared the worst, but no problems. Dubious craftsmanship on the alterations but nothing fell apart or broke during my stay. Seriously, this is not home from home, but a clean and basic place to use during a visit to London.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or140-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",worth what you pay for in centre London,"Hotel in a really good place, ideal to discover the city (tube in less than 5 min. walk). Staff friendly and kind, breakfast essential but enough. Simple clean room. Generally speaking approved for what you pay.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or140-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Basic & clean, ideally located","My partner & I stayed a night while visiting earls court, the hotel was ideally located for it & easy to find, there were plenty of lovely places to eat right on the door step. Staff were very friendly & helpful which was nice. Room was very basic but it is a budget hotel & was clean with lovely crisp bedding & towels, although a little tired as parts of the hotel were but nothing a paint brush wouldn't cure. Breakfast was basic and a little more choice would have been nice although the restaurant was quiet and service was prompt and friendly.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or140-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Visit to London ,Visited London and needed a roof over our heads. The hotel was clean but needs an upgrade. Breakfast was basic tea coffee cereal and toast. But went out for something after. Was a cheap stay and would stay again,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or140-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and Clean,"Basic but clean , the staff were very friendly and it was close to the local tube station so easy to get around. could hear the traffic at night but it was bearable. We would stay there again we have a return visit to London",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or145-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very very basic,"Rooms were very clean although wouldn't take much to repair shower room,we put on top floor which included lots of steps,radiator in room not working but there was two heaters,could do with a good facelift,rooms were maintained every day but not hoovered in the 5 days we stayed,Breakfast was very very basic should not be described as continental as there were no croissants in sight bad selection of cereals, only 1 coffee pot had to ask for tea and you got 1 small cup no pots of tea, had to ask for toast, these people could make this hotel so much better by putting a toaster out so people can make there own toast and more cereals especially for children should be available,we bought our car parking only room for 2 cars and were pestered to pay for parking by cash couldn't or…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or145-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for!,Definitely not the best I've stayed in but it is cheap and cheerful … Beds are clean but that's the best I can say about it. If you want luxury then go elsewhere but if you want a basic bed for a night or two then its fine.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or145-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,We had different problema: there was just hot water and so we had some problem to do shower in particular in the morning because the water was insufficient for all the guests and so we needed to wait for 20minutes to have a shower. No connections between bedrooms and hall (telephpne).the operators are slow in responsiveness.the breakfast is very poor.,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or145-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,Booked to stay at the hotel as we were going to the Ideal Home Xmas Exhibition.    After booking read some of the reviews and decided to just take as it came - but found the room very disappointing.  Only one 3 pillows available for 2 twin beds and duvets on bed very thin.  Not the place to stay when its getting cold as heating does not come on until 9pm at night - as we found out as it was freezing.  Amazing the corridor outside the room was warmer than our room.  Window as not double glazed.. they do have shutters but not enough to cover all windows and the curtains although lined - did not keep out the draft coming from the Window.    The lock on the door was not secure and would not have taken much to break into the room.  The bath room door - needed a technique to get it…,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or145-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor,"We stayed here on the 26th October for one night. We were going to a concert at earls court and the hotel is ideally placed for this. That's the only good point. We stayed in room L3 on the third floor which was very small and cramped. The room had a weird small window which was basically falling out of the frame and actually had holes in it. The bathroom had a shelf above the sink which was falling off the wall , no plug and a shower which didn't,t work and was also falling off the wall. The pillows on the bed were disgusting. There was also a large hole in the wall. The breakfast was terrible and consisted of cereal and toast. They couldn't,t even get that right as the toast looked like it had been shown the toaster for 5 seconds and there was no choice of spreads.  Overall…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or150-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Too much money for less,"The Chelsea House Hotel is very well situated if you want to visit London; close to Underground and bus lines to the centre of the city. But this is the only positive thing of the hotel. ""Bathroom"" is too little [microsink-lavabo] and furnitures are less than essential. Breakfast is based on two toasts and crispies. Permanence is generally uncomfortable. The staff is kind, but this is not sufficient to compensate the cost; too expensive in comparison with the service.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or150-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good,"Okay so we are going to a concert, so only one night stay.  I write this review because I have a restaurant and sometimes people write unfair reviews or owners may change things but the bad reviews remain.  On arrival a pleasant reception and room very clean. Reading the other reviews I was nervous but we were worried we would not be able to find an inexpensive hotel so we booked in hope that the reviews were wrong. The pictures may have been from before, seems they have redecorated. The room is not bad for the money, number g2 on ground floor is fine cannot vouch for the others. It is not for your honeymoon but a budget overnight or short stay is perfect. Clean toilet and seat,liquid soap tiles and towels clean,shower clean. Sheets white and clean, tv flat screen with remote.…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or150-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Ok..,"Great location, fairly clean and poor service. The guy at reception was very rude when we first arrived. Also, we came back to the hotel at midnight (after him saying that we could come back at any hour at night) and the door was locked. It took him a while to let us in and we were not well received when he opened the door.   The room was ok, but you can notice that the hotel is getting old on the not very clean walls when going upstairs.   Is just 3 minute walk from the earl's court tube station and it has many cafes around. I guess the hotel is not bad if you're planning to stay one or two nights and not looking for any type of luxury. ",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or150-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful!,"We stayed here while attending a wedding in Chelsea.  We arrived about mid-day and were allowed to leave our luggage in the breakfast room.  As we are not young and not very mobile we had asked for a downstairs room but were given one up many flights of stairs.  The receptionist eventually helped us with our case.  The room was incredibly small - two single beds with a gap between them, no bedside table, nor light switch by the bed, nor wardrobe.  Instead of the latter there were two wire coat hangers on the back of the door.  We tried to push the beds together and then found that this exposed pipes by the window which jutted out and my husband nearly fell over them.  The beds were clean but incredibly uncomfortable.  The bathroom was modern but there was no plug in the basin. …",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or150-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"We booked at this B and B when in London for a wedding, as it was on a list provided by the bride.   We arrived about an hour before check in time and were told we were too early.  At least we were able to leave our luggage while we went out to fill in time.   Room small but clean.   We couldn't switch off the light over the mirror in the bathroom and was told they weren't able to fix it.  After one night with light coming through the bathroom door, my husband fixed it by taking the light fixture apart. Breakfast adequate but somewhat mediocre.    At 10:45 on the morning we were leaving, someone was knocking on the door to remind us we had to be out by 11:00. I didn't like having to leave the room key at reception, where they are hung on a board in full view of anyone coming in…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or155-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel in good location and friendly staff,"We stayed at this hotel in January 2013 with two adults and two children aged 4 and 2. The location is great, it's a calm neighbourhood with easy access to many museums, Hyde Park, shopping and restaurants. It's also within easy access of local transport. The staff was very kind and helpful. The rooms are a little on the small side but the staff went to great lengths to provide for the children. Most of the floors in the hotel are wood, which looks great, but really is not very practical in terms of noise. The breakfast was tasty but a bit pricey for what you get, and like most hotels in London it's very expensive. I can't see the value for money, but I think that's a big city phenomenon. Despite the minus points I would stay here again for the area which I like very much.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or155-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced for what you get but good location,"London is expensive so if you need something that is good location wise this is all it has going for it.  We expected very basic; clean and safe.  I found one manager helpful with directions and recommending a place for dinner.  Another one was not friendly at all.  Internet access must be done from the breakfast area at the front of the hotel.The rooms were clean but very small (again, to be expected).  The bed was very lumpy and uncomfortable but sheets were clean.  More blankets would have been nice as the room was quite cold at night (third floor).  We made tea at night and the next day the dirty cup was still there when we came back after touring.  There were a few times when the front desk was vacant and we saw guests having to wait to get their keys.  Not a great…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or155-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting!,"This has got to be the worst hotel/b&b I have ever stayed in!!   Me & my boyfriend stayed here for 1 night after we went for a Chelsea stadium tour it was walking distance to the hotel which was ok & the outside didn't look to bad, we walked in and the house looked so old we wasn't greeted just Asked which name I booked it under, asked me to fill a few details and made me pay straight away before we Evan looking at our room, which I must say was shocking.  We wer placed on the 1st floor and as we walked in to the room it was the size of a box the cupboards wer wonky the tv was placed on a fridge that looked as tho it came from a scrap yard, the curtains wer discusting and there wer stains all up the walls we opened the curtains to the view of a brick wall!!! & a massive draft…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or155-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Expected much more for £100.,"You don't really expect to complain within 5 mins of being in our room, but we did. Sticky carpet, either old gum or carpet glue, a toilet that wouldn't stop filling and a sink that took an age to empty, ie blocked!! Bed was comfy and plenty of hot water for a shower. Continental Breakfast, minus the Continental was an experience....2 white and 2 brown slices of toast were plonked in front of us, not a croissant in sight. On our way out, the metal handles on the exterior of the front door were being vigorously cleaned to within a mm of its coating....if only they would apply half the energy to making sure that the rooms are ready for paying guests!! We shall not be returning or recommending.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or155-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Will never stay here again!,"We arrrived and was told we cant check in until 2pm it was 1:40.  The so called double room was 2twin beds pushed together, and 2 single duvets  Bathroom was dirty. Staff were rude and unhelpful. Breakfast...not enough seats so was told to wait in lobby until tables were free, 20mins later.  Overall very disappointed",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or160-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",I will not stay here again,"The night staff was very rude, room had mold and no hot water for shower. The sheets were clean but the beds were plain bad. The only good thing about the hotel is its near the underground station and lots of restaurants.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or160-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"Only stayed one night but had no heating, no hot water, double bed had 2 separate small duvets not big enought to wrap around.  Room was ok but no glasses/cups in bathroom, no plug in sink andf hole so big we lost the soap down it!  No curtain or blind at bathroom window - but too cold to shower anyway  Were told to leave keys at reception when going out but it was locked and unmanned  Breakfast very poor - cereal and toast, margarine no butter.  To be fair to manager when multiple guests complained he has offered a full refund to all - will wait and see if it materialises.  Traffic noise was horrendous and windows did not seem to block any of this",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or160-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ! It does exactly what is says on the tin. !!!,"I stayed in this hotel for a Girly weekend away. After reading previous reviews I was worried sick ! The hotel is clean, tidy, the beds were fine and the bathroom was new and clean. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and the location was brilliant !! For the price you pay you can't really go wrong!! If you want the Ritz then stay at the Ritz!!!!!!!",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or160-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, tiny room, crap bed and bathroom","Myself and 2 mates stayed for 3 nights over the weekend 6th-9th of July in a tripple room, well the room was on the top floor, the stairs aint for the faint hearted either !, it was a doubble room, with a tiny single bed pushed into the cornor of the room. The single bed was very uncomfortable and if you turned over, you would fall out of it ! The double bed was big and with the single bed, there was very little space in the room. The ensuite was tiny and not adequate for the size of the room, the soap provided left a sheen on ur hands and was manky to be honest. the towels were changed only one day out of 3 and the beds were made the same amount, and sheets not changed. The guy on reception when we checked in was friendly and accomadating, the breakfast was over at 9.30am and…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or160-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",avoid,"Run by a rude family who's only interest seems to be in getting your money and getting you out. I was there for 5 days, at 10:55 am they came knocking on my door telling me it's time to check out. When I asked for 15 minutes to finish packing, they started rapping again ten minutes later.  There are much better value options, even in London.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or165-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Trip to UK 2012,this is the kind of hotel that you get for what you pay. Don't expect great decoration or great room or bathrooms. Good for one night stand,Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or165-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Terrible, would not recommend this hotel whatsoever. We were put in a very bottom floor below ground level, it was dark, and totally unwelcoming. Our wardrobe in the room had a handle missing, displaying two very sharp long screws. The walls were disgusting and the paper was falling off. There was a wonky rusty old fridge which was not clean enough to store anything in. The whole place was very unwelcoming, it was that bad that we couldn't stay. We spent an hour in there before having to book a room at a different hotel because of how unwelcoming and filthy it was. Absolutely terrible.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or165-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and cheerful.clean and great location,"myself and my girlfriend stayed here second may for a night,after a rather hastily planned trip to the capital to watch my beloved chelsea fc.the hotel is in walking distance of the ground wich is all we wanted it for.the room was basic but clean all we used it for was to change shower and sleep.we had to much fun planned to spend all our time finding fault with the place.what  do you expect for sixty pound a nite in a two star establishment.the staff were polite and the place was clean.thats all that mattered to us.if you want luxury go somewhere on park lane.if you want a cheap place to stay then id recommend this plaae.i would have no issue returning here on our next trip down!",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or165-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,Only the location makes this hotel anything like value for money.  It is not that cheap but it is quite central and a short walk from Earl's Court.  The rooms and breakfast are minimalist and we got woken first by the TV coming on at 0600 and then by the pounding of footsteps overhead. Couldn't get away fast enough.,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or165-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Cold shower and unwatchable TV were met with shrugs of the shoulder, my first and last. visit to this dump!",Terrible! do yourself a favour and stay elswhere! the breakfast is a joke 2 wafer thin slices of toast and coffee if you can squeeze one out of the pot that the staff push you out of the way to get to! Absolute dump . cold water and blocked toilets and 2 single beds pushed together to make a double! ,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or170-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and clean,"this place is cheap and clean. A distant from london central but you get what you pay for. The breakfast is not much just cold food eg cereal, juice & milk not a continental breakfast if that is what youwant or need. The room a small but so are nearly all of them in London. I did like the idea of leaving the key with them this way i could not loose it.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or170-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Stay Here !,"Once I saw my room i decided to stay in the nearest bar (O'Neils) for as long as possible, (01.30hrs) and left as soon as possible (05.30hrs) Slept, or tried to, with my socks on ! Peg on my nose ! Hard hat on ! Hi Viz on ! Took maleria tablets ! and then wiped my feet on the way out ! But for £50, this is what you get. Pay extra and stay elsewhere,  P.S. There was an old pizza still left in the fridge when I looked. is it yours ???",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or170-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Don't bother, save your money","The facade of the building promises so much, however this is quickly let down by the tired lobby and reception area.  The room in the basement had an energy saving light bulb that wouldn't have caused a myopic mole to squint.  The room was so dark it took me a while to realise the tv was missing.  Receptionist offered to get one for the following day, but I wisely refused, and another room was proffered.  Breakfast does not start until 8, so I cannot comment on how good the offering was. I had to leave early both nights I stayed.  In summary the whole place is in need of a spruce up.  Bathroom was not cleaned after my first night... Poor.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or170-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Going medieval at Earls Court,"Ok , its a very very old place and you must remember most everything in London accommodation are tiny by US standards . Now I am a guy so I can suck it up but by by no means will most women even remotely put with this place . The shower is so small its like a Monty Python skit very funny but it was clean in October 2011 spite of the reviews . I snore terrible but I was awoke by two other people snoring through paper thin walls and the cleaning ladies were chatting loud all through the building at 6:00 AM  . Needless to say check your romance intentions at the the entrance . People were complaining about road noise well its on a busy road so it is what it is . The breakfast is cereal , the juice needs about 5 sugars , so dont gripe about it , go to the incredibly convenient…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or170-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",No proper heating,"We all know that it's hard to find a good enjoyable well-located affordable hotel in London. Following a suggestion of a friend, I stayed in this hotel the first time a few years ago and then again but after this last time I decided not to go anymore. In fact, after waiting 20 minutes for someone to show their face when I had to check in, I was given a room where the heating was very feeble. I made them know (but I guess they knew already) and I was given a portable heater hoping that the morning after the problem would be fixed. Nothing happened. They also claimed not to have any extra blanket and applied no reduction at the check out.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or175-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Fair for the price,"Very poor breakfast, but the rooms are clean enough. Might be very cold in winter",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or175-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be fooled by outward appearances -- avoid this hotel at all costs,"We booked this hotel not realizing that it was on a street that was a continuation of Earl's Court Road (VERY busy and VERY noisy at night).  Consequently, the first room we had, which was on the second floor that was on the street was like sleeping on a freeway. The room was very tiny, with no place to hang anything (no hangers, no closet), no drinking glasses (not even plastic), no toiletries, no desk, no chair, no reading lights, no bath mat and only two towels -- very spartan. We were told we would be moved after the first night because of some repair work that had to be done.  This was good news. We thought it couldn't be any worse!  Luckily, we weren't moved to one of the rooms described in other reviews. The second room (on the first floor) was also on the street, but…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or175-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Stay if you only care about location...,"This hotel is filthy and every single person we met at the front desk was rude and unfriendly.  We had a basement room that smelled, the carpet was heavily stained and almost threadbare, the shower has a hole where the hot and cold water was turned, the walls were filthy and stained, the mini fridge was filthy and stained.  The ""double bed"" was two twin beds pushed together and one was slightly lower than the other so my boyfriend and I didn't even feel like we were sleeping in the same bed.  There was not one good thing about the room other than the location.  I think hostels are better kept than this location is.  What everyone says about the breakfast is true.  You are allowed 2 slices of toast which someone will bring into you after a while of you sitting down.  There is…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or175-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",i wish time goes back & i choose different hotel,"here you go: we had to take our luggage 64 stairs to our room in the attic. one of the personnel thinks himself a wise [...]. if you complain he starts telling you that he has an mba and starts talking non sense stuff (does not appreciate customers).  NOT worth 60 pounds, it is worth NO more than 30 pounds per night I never intend to go back here, I only wish I can go back in time. I tried 4 hotels in my stay, this was the worst.",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or175-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Total diasaster! How on earth can this even be called a 'hotel' ?,"We checked in wit 3 families wit teenage children. The location was pretty hard to find considering it was dark during winter here in London.  My 1st impression from the outside was hmm, not bad. But when we entered the place wat a pleasant suprise, we had to wait for the reception. 1 of the family was given a room deep down in the basement. It was like entering a dungeon literally, smell & all. Gosh. That wasn't all!  Next, we were shocked to find out that we had to climb 3 flight of stairs to get to our room. Another family of ours was given a room in the attic. Their room was a total disaster too. The room was crammed with 3 beds in it & the tv did not work. Judging by the condition of the tv, we doubted it would do so. Their shower unit was just curled & dumped into the bath…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or180-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely disgusting, filthy room and unprofessional management","I stayed here with my boyfriend on a romantic trip to London for my birthday in September 2010. The trip was fantastic but the hotel has to be the most disgusting place that I have ever stayed in. From the outside it does not look too bad but go inside and the carpets are stained and mismatched and that is just the start.  The first room we were given the bed linen was stained, there was no heating, one towel between two people, the shower was vile and had the base of the shower kicked in. I could not touch the sink or toilet because there were other people's hairs on basin and the seat.  Naturally I complained and we were moved to what they called a better room, this had two twin beds, still no heating but was passable as accomodation but still very dirty bits on the carpet,…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or180-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",It was what we expected,"Hi! We stayed there for six days and the place was pretty much what we expected.   Good points: - Excellent location (The tube station was near and the area was pleasant. There were shops and restaurants and post office and Starbucks and Brompton cemetery near by.) - Easy to find - Check-in was very guick and easy - The Room was clean - There was a fridge in the rom and it even worked - The bathroom was ok and we always got hot water, but the toilet wasn't working all the time (or at least it took us two days to learn how to use it) - Our room was in the basement so there was no traffic noise - There was internet available in the breakfast room - It was possible to share the payment when leaving  Not that good points: - The quality of the cleaning was not that reliable (one day…",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or180-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Worst ""hotel"" I have ever stayed in","We stayed at this so called ""hotel"" in June. The online website advertised this as a clean and family friendly hotel to stay in. It was more of a hostel then a hotel. The room was not clean, the bathroom was dirty. We had to go ask for more towels. We also realized that there were bugs in the bed and on one of the bedskirts, there was throw-up that had not been cleaned up. We went to complain and asked to be moved or allow us to leave a night early, and we were not granted either. So we ended up paying for a third night, and still went elsewhere. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or180-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Only one good point,I stayed here with my daughter for one night when we went to see a show. It was terrible - from the service to the accommodation. I had asked for easy access to outside so that I could smoke and they did honour this my giving us a back basement room with patio doors leading to what they called a garden.  To get to these doors I had to crawl over the double bed!,Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or180-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",huge room but in basement,the room has 3 beds and in basement. I actually watched some ppl’s legs when pass by the street. never expected.very wierd as i book for a single room myself. the toilet was not cleaned and stunk when i checked in.  the bed is very old. sheets are worn. no remote control and cannot change a TV channel. ,Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or185-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Vile!,"When we arrived at the ""hotel"", we entered the lobby and there was a sign on the window of the reception saying ""back in 5 minutes"".  So we waited. And waited.  And waited.  I eventually went back outside and rang the doorbell, several times, holding the button down for a long time.  And I phoned about 6 or 7 times too.  Eventually, a good half hour after we had arrived, a man came down the stairs, smiling.  The place is tiny; there is no way he didn't hear us, but there was no apology.  We were shown to our dirty little room, where there was supposed to be 3 beds, but 2 were pushed together so in effect it was a single and a double, and the shower room was absolutely filthy.  The staff were unfriendly and indifferent.  It was such a shame, because it was our first time in…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or185-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Rat poison in the bathroom. Disgusting place!,"Me and my family stayed one night at Chelsea House Hotel and got out as fast as we possibly could the next morning. Our room was small, dirty, it had a single naked light bulb in the ceiling and there was rat poison (no kidding!) behind the toilet in the bathroom, which you didn't want to use anyhow. We were transferred to this hotel from Hotel Blue Bells Bed and Breakfast, which I cannot recommend either because of its extremely lousy service. Having booked in advance, we were told upon arrival (8 in the evening with a very tired 4 year old on our arm), that there was no room for us because of renovation (yeah right, deliberate overbooking is more likely), and that we would be transferred to 'a really nice room' at another hotel  - with the same owners - in another part of…",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or185-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Safe and quite experience,I was bit worried when I read terrible reviews for hotel but when I visited it was alrite I loved location quite easy to travel around from there its very quite and cool budget hotel.,Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or185-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Depends much on the room you are assigned (so depends on the luck),"First of all, saying it is NOT a hotel. It would be more accurate saying it is either a hostel or a B&B. We were not given the room we had reserved until the second night (the first night it was in use by other people). For that reason they discounted 5 pounds from our final price.  The house was old, so everything was old, (specially the first room which carpet was mouldy, the window did not avoid the cold coming in...). The second room was better, but still old. If we had gone in winter, we would have been much colder.  Both rooms were small. Both had TV, but the first one without remote control and without buttons to change the channel. Both rooms were noisy, as there is a road with much traffic next to the hostel. Both toilets were clean, and I find it a very important…",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or185-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers,"This was not a bb or hotel, it was more like where you would find tramps seeking refuse, in fact i have seen better and cleaner doorways.  When we walked in it smelt of wet dogs, and this carriered on thought the house, the room was ok smell wise, however there was damp in the walls, the carpet was rank, it made your sink crawl, the shower had mold everywhere and plaster falling off the wall, there was no tea making stuff, very dated, and i did have to laugh as the chair in the room was one of them plastic garden chairs from b & q haha   over all it did some of what it said on the tin, ie warm, dry, and a roof over your head,   I would like to say that although the hotel was not up to the mark, the area was fab, had a great night out, very nice people, shame I didnt get my leg…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or190-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!,"This 'Hotel' as it entitels itselfs, is defenitly the last place on earth where I would stay again. We didn`t have what was advertised, everything in our room was broken or damaged and the staff was not very friendly, they surely are not concerend to keep their guests. The heating just works at night and you are absolutly freezing, because the window was broken as well and in the bathroom there wasn't even a heater! The breakfast was absolutly poorly with two slices of toast, strawberry jam and cereals which seemed to be quite old. Neither the room nor the bathroom was cleaned in 6 days, just the beds were made.  I could say a lot more, but I think the main point is clear, this house is an absolute disaster and should be shut down!",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or190-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Arrived with voucher - no room - no help,"We arrived at this hotel with a voucher that had been paid for by Visa.  We were told there was no room for us. They wouldn’t telephone or email our travel agent and there was absolutely no help in finding other accomodation. We are both in our 60’s and after a long and tiring journey were simply turned out on the streets with our luggage, late in the evening, in a strange city, to find other accomodation.  This turned out to be a nightmare.   This kind of management and service is totally unnacceptable.  It doesn’t surprise me to read the other negative reports on the condition of this place.",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or190-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",for the love of god do not go,"a horribal hotel,belive me when i saw you dont want to stay at this hotel. i was scared to go back and felt the need to have lots of drinks before staying there. mouldy bathroom, window was held shut by a nail (didnt notic till the morning) builders just outside the window at 7am. tv only have one button so we had to go though 50 channels before finding some thing to watch. a bucket above the bathroom with mouldy ytowel on top(not sure what that was for!!! cold room. i could go on and on please do not stay hear",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or190-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Dodgy hotel,I should have read your reviews on Trip Advisor before I booked. This hotel is possibly the worst I have stayed in. We were put in the room on the top floor (at least 4th floor) but there was no lift. Hard to climb when you're hammered. The mattrass was so shot that you just roll off.  The water was either boling hot or ice cold. My nuts bore the brunt. We had to ask for toilet paper. Essential when you've had kebabs for dinner. The fan in the bathroom was falling through the wall. Classy. There were empty cough mixture bottles on the stairwells - not me this time. I just felt like I left with more fleas than I arrived.  I wiped my feet when I left.,Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or190-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good quality budget hotel,"Myself and a friend stayed at the Chelsea House Hotel for 2 nights over the weekend.  Both very happy with the accommodation and the customer service that we received.    Hotel is a budget hotel, however the rooms were clean.  Clean bet sheets, clean bathroom, warm rooms.  Excellent location being only a 5 minute walk from Earls Court Tube station.    I would definitely go back.",Date of stay: February 2008,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or195-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location- shame about the accommodation!,"This was advertised as a hotel, which clearly isn't a hotel. I stayed for 2 nights in the basement room which had stains all over the carpets, dirty shower (which i refused to use) and a hole which wasn't covered up in the bathroom window. This place was advertised as having a fridge, TV, safe and a hairdryer- out of this there was just a small TV with no remote control. Also there were only 2 sockets in the entire room (one being taken up by the TV) which could only be got at by pulling out a cabinet. One of the bedsheets had blood marks on it and the covers and pillows were very thin. The breakfast didnt look appealing and we decided to eat elsewhere both days, the staff (apart from one young guy) were not particuarly helpful and the person serving breakfast was rude which was…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or195-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldnt recommend this 'hotel',"This hotel didnt deliver what was said in its description.  We stayed in a triple room with one double and one single bed. Although the beds were comfortable and the room was warm, one of the sheets was dirty, the carpet was stained and there was only one thin pillow per person. We stayed in the basement room at the front which was very noisy and dark. There was a television, but no telephone, fridge, hairdyer or safe which we were expecting. The bathroom was ok, apart from the dirty ceiling and hole in window. The staff (apart from one of the men) had no manners and were not particularly helpful. Continental breakfast was included but we decided to go elsewhere to eat. Overall, even though the hotel looks nice from the outside and is in a good location, the interior and the…",Date of stay: December 2007,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or195-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"What an awful hotel, it was dirty, mouldy bathroom, filthy shower curtain, it advertised rooms with a TV, our room indeed a had a  TV that had the arial lead with the connection cut off, so therefore we could not watch a thing. they advertise parking, which there is room for 3 cars crammed in at £10.00 per night, they insisted in moving our car and one of the other guests witnessed them scrape our car on the wall, which was denied by the staff team. it is not value for money.....  the staff tell lies......my advise is dont go there!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or195-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",OMGWTFBBQ Worst hotel evar!,"The ""house"" was definiately not as it was advertised. It was dirty, cramped, not clean (so much dust in our room) and the bathroom was gross. The matress didn't have a cover on it, just a sheet, so hopefully I didn't catch anything there. Didn't get bitten by anything, but that wouldn't have surprised me.  When they say 24 hour reception, they really mean, if you come in after 9pm, you'll see a sign that says ""receptionist be back in 5 minutes"" and after a 10-15 minute wait, you decide to call the hotel on their pay phone. The receptionist will answer from another room and tell you to call back in the morning, hotel closed. Hello?! We need our friggen room key and you aren't at the front desk!   I had to be firm on the reservation price when it came time to pay. Would never stay…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or195-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid This Hotel,As advertised on the website we booked though this sounded a pleasant hotel for an excellent price. The truth is just the opposite.  The room we had was dark with just one small window about 3 feet away from the wall of the neighbouring property. Check in was a joke with the paper work saying 1300 but told when we arrived it was 1400 to be told again check in wouldnt be until 1420.  There was a promise of a fridge in the room - non supplied  The television had no remote control and no buttons to control the sound or select channels.  despite advertising that it had been freshly decorated there was signs of a water leak fron the room above  under which was a bucket that had a towel placed over it  do remove the sound of dripping water.  the towel had been there ages judging by…,Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or200-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",is this a 2 star hotel? Or maby a hostel???,"Awfull. To name this a hotel is just to much. Its more like a hostel. Small room. electrical wires hanging from the walls. A fridge was promised. It was in the room, but hasnt been cleaned in years. >Tv didnt work and the breakfast was awfull. Location could bee better, but was ok (the only positiv thing abouth the place). From the outside it looks like a nice victoria villa. but sadly the place havnt been renovated since the victorian time. Not quit true, but it was it was DIY-and pourly. Paint on the mirror and so on. Quit a lot of the window glasses was broken. Dont stay at this awfull place, with beds abouth 60 cm wide and 1,80m long. Absolutly not worth the price ",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or200-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","awful, please do not go there","booked this as a theatre break, seemed a good deal. unfortunately read reviews after booking!  Did not say to my husband negative feedback, however on waking 1st morning he complained about being bitten. on inspection we both had been bitten while asleep!! the response we had was that they were only 'little insects!' our telly did not work, the window did not shut and the breakfast was disgusting and a joke for the description. We were booked for 2 nights but I could not face another night in such a hole. we have tried to get a refund but no luck. There were 2 french ladies also complaining about the dirty state of their room and they said they found a used condom in their room! ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or200-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Steer Clear - False Advertising,"Booked this hotel as a bit of a last minute decision and only because  our earlier choices were unavailable.  Found it is hardly a ""hotel"" at all and more like a room in an dingy house.  Arrived late at night and found that the tv in the room didnt work. Reported this to the reception the next morning who said someone would be in to look at the tv's whilst we were out that day. When we came back and found it still not working we were offered another smaller room, when we checked that tv it wasnt working either. When I complained to the receptionist, he told me that none of the tv's in the house worked. I asked him why they advertised as having tv and he said I could take it up with the manager or the agency I had booked through. Basically he couldn`t care less, and we were not…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or200-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here!,Don't stay at this hotel!  The first room I was show was in the basement. The fire exit was off this room and wide open so there was access from the street! Also the walls were really dirty and mouldy so I asked to see another room. This one was ok although the tv didn't work. The breakfast was ok but very basic. ,Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or200-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",The winner of our Worst Stay Award,"While the location was close to the underground station, nothing else about this hotel was good.  I am advising my Travel Agent to NEVER book this hotel again.  I have posted pictures of the dirty matress and the metal railing (part of a baby crib?) leaning against the wall in the hallway outside our room.  We literally had to walk around the matress every time we entered our room.  I also posted pictures of the filthy shower, and the sharp metal piece that I steped on coming out of the shower... since it was filthy I was wearing shoes and the metal cut into my shoe rather than my foot.  In addition: the room was very small; breakfast was cold toast, stale cereal, juice and coffee; lumpy matress; and there was a noisy construction job next door.  Avoid this hotel at all costs! ",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or205-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - not much else,"Booked this hotel as it came as a package with theatre tickets with good price overall. I thought it was very basic, not very clean but it was only for one night. We had rooms 23 and L1. Both were as an oven with the radiator full on. Linen was quite threadbare, beds were OK but I couldn't bring myself to get into bed fully due to state of linen (and matress). My daughter who was in room L1 thought the hotel was disgusting because of hair stuck to the wall of their shower room (as it had not been cleaned after use) and refused to use it. Location was good, lots of cafes, restaurants, shops and banks nearby with Tube approx. 5 mins walk (max). Breakfast was as described with coffee only (not tea), orange juice, 2 slices of toast, cornflakes or muesli. The female receptionist was…",Date of stay: February 2007,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or205-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London","Not so bad, not so good","My wife and I stayed in this hotel for one night on 25th November.  I booked it because of it's excellent location and proximity to Earls Court exhibition centre. I'd read the reviews on this site (after I'd booked!!), and was a little apprehensive as a result. However, here are my observations:  1.  Cleanliness of room - Good 2. Only one (very thin) pillow per person  3 double bed was two singles pushed together ( I fell down the middle when I tried to get jiggy - the beds were on wheels.. ouch). 4 Was rather cold - there was a hole in the window which was covered by a piece of cardboard, and the duvet was thin and of poor quality 5 Good clean bathroom, but no shower gel/shampoo 6 It it rains, and your on the top floor (as we were, room 32, you get wet) 7 Breakfast - It won't…",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or205-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!,"I would have to say that there are very few positive points I could make about our stay at this hotel. I work in the travel industry and couldnt believe the standard of accommodation. The 'Continental Breakfast' is not a continental breakfast, you are provided with 2 peices of toasted cheap bread, butter, jam, coffee and orange juice. Also cornflakes and muesli are provided - but this is definitely not the kind of breakfast that you feel satisfied after eating. Worst of all - we woke up in the morning after a particularly hot night - to find that the bedsheet was covered in old urine stains. Because we had been sweating the old urine stains that had been on the mattress had soaked through the sheet. We reported it to the reception - but felt it was appropriate to show them…",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or205-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Pack your sense of humour.,"What I liked about the hotel was it's handy position to the Earls Court Tube, buses and shops, the breakfast, the size of the rooms along with the overall size of the hotel, having my suitcase carried up or down the stairs for me.  Most of all I liked the price.  What I didn't like was the basement room,  we were given on our first night, it was awful, among other things it was damp and gloomy, had stained bedcovers, uncomfortable beds,  no mattress or pillow protectors and no bath mat provided. I made a complaint to the manager the next morning and was assured these ""facilities"" were provided in other rooms and we would be given one of these rooms when we returned to stay another four nights early the next month. Well we did and they weren't!  But we were given a room on the…",Date of stay: November 2005,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or205-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"Booked triple room for myself and two children.  Hotel looks simple and clean and is in a good location - Earls Court Tube is a 5 min walk and there are plenty of small local cafe's, shops etc.,  To be fair we were shown two rooms in the basement area, one to the front and one to the rear.  The front room was recently decorated but very noisy (traffic) and had one dble & one single bed, whereas the rear was quiet and had three singles, though a bit rough around the edges.  We opted for the rear room.  The room needed repainting, the sheets and covers were clean, but old and torn in places.  The shower was blocked and didn't drain properly.  When we returned that night after dinner, we had a water leak coming through the ceiling and on to the bed.  The night manager was…",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or210-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel lost our reservation,"We had booked rooms at this hotel on our recent visit to London.  We called and reserved the room back in February, and then called to confirm our reservation about 2 weeks ahead of time.  We got to London, after a long day of travelling, and had taken several forms of transportation to get to the hotel - we were looking forward to relaxing in our room for a couple hours before meeting friends for supper.  When we got to the hotel, we gave them our name but were told they had no reservation for us.  I explained that I had called twice to confirm and was told everything was fine, but they just said they had no reservation and were completely full.  They didn't even offer to help us find another hotel or anything.  Customer service goes a long way these days, and I wouldn't…",Date of stay: May 2006,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or210-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",avoid at all cost!!,"I had initially booked a room at another hotel operated by the same owner only to be redirected here because of fumigation of bed-bugs on the entire first floor, I was told.  The 'room' we were given had more to do with a basement storage-unit than somewhere anyone would want to sleep in. there were no windows to speak of, safe for a small vent under the exterior emergency staircase. It smelled very strongly of mould, and the sheets felt very damp. Electrical wires hung bare from the ceiling, and there were no proper locks to speak of on the door leading outside (which, incidently, had a glass panel and no curtains whatsoever). I don't know if hotels in London are subject to health and safety inspections (I did try to find contact details for the institution in charge of such…",Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d504750-Reviews-or210-Chelsea_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chelsea House Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value for money hotel,"Not Hilton, yet GREAT place to stay in. It's not a new building, but the hotel is very clean. The room was made and cleaned every day. The hotel stuff are very nice, and welcoming. every problem we had fixed ASAP.  The hotel is very quiet. We new other are staying there too only only by seeing them at breakfast. The nighberhood is very nice and quiet too.  Breakfast served from 07.30 to 09.30 You'll get bread/toasts (You can ask fro more) butter, jam, cornflaks, miusely... Orange juice, Coffee and tea (As much as you want)  No elevator so hope not to be on the last floor. They will help you to take your bags up if needed.  Hotel located 10min. walk from Earl's cort underground station. Trains for Heathrow air port, and center of London. ",Date of stay: March 2006,5.0
