,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or0-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",DO not stay here........ I had to move hotels at midnight,"Rude Reception Put in house 200yds away. Number 94, not a hotel and ex hostel I later found out. Basement room, disgusting, the smell, vacuum cleaner and brooms outside my door, Dining room adjoining Ripped carpets, very dirty,  moth eaten in places Ant powder along skirting boards Moth balls in wardrobe Chair seat ripped, couldnt sit on nor would you want to. Wetroom tiny and dirty (could not class as a bathroom) Spittle all over tap  Excrement on shower curtain Guy refused to move me - hotel was full, would have to wait until tomorrow, 3 requests as my skin was crawling. Called Booking.com refused to refund me, I eventually got 1 night back from Booking.com but they blocked my review as apparently I am registered as a no show, I get charged but cannot review?????? hence reviewing here If this hotel were kennels I would not leave my dog.  Ironically there is sign in reception looking for a chambermaid !!…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or0-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Better than staying on the street,"It does the job if you need a cheap stay for one night, but nothing more. Extremely dissappilointed in the reception. Room on the top floor meant that I had to not to fall down from the narrow stairs where the carpet was loose and unstable. Room seemed to have been cleaned but definitely needs to be redone as the carpets and walls are ruined. Bed sheets seemed to be clean and no stains/bugs found. The window was letting all the wind through and it got pretty cold during the night. The toilet and shower were just horrific. The flush did not work so the water was just constantly running down and was pretty loud. The shower is a small non-adjustable ""hose"" right above the WC, no space for a small person, can't even imagine what a slightly bigger/taller person would do there. Reminded me a toilet in a caravan. The check-out next day was just me handing the key to the same rude receptionist, while he was smoking in the first hall of the reception. I did not see the breakfast due to the bad reviews and decided to go to a nearby breakfast diner which was brilliant. All in all, does the job, but if you have an extra tenner, don't choose this one.…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or0-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid! Do not stay here.,"Where do we start?  The reception staff were rude, barely spoke to us and when we went to check out and complain about our room, the receptionist was too busy making a call on his mobile and didn't want to talk to us.  The ""continental"" breakfast consisted of stale bread, stale looking cereal, cheese and ham that was left out on a plate for who knows how long, and yogurts that were warm to the touch so we've no idea when they were last in a fridge.  Our room was on the 4th floor in a different building to the reception (something not mentioned when we booked).  There is no lift and the stairs are narrow with dodgy carpet.  The bathroom was smaller than one found in a motorhome, the shower was broken and the door didn't lock.  The bedding and towels had stains on them.  The most worse thing about the room was the unknown drop stains and SPITBALL on the wall. We reported the stains and spitball to reception when we collected our key after going out (you had to hand it back in every time you went out) and we were told our room would be cleaned the next day. It wasn't!! If anything our room was worse. The carpet hadn't been vacuumed, as far as we could tell all they had done was replace the teabags and cups and make the beds.  We've never stayed at a hotel were we had to go out and buy our own bedding and flipflops (didn't want to touch the floor) but that is exactly what we had to do.  If we could have stayed elsewhere we would have. Do not stay here!…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or0-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Room for night needed in London ,Very basic room  Close to London centre Lots of stairs  Outdated room not very spacious  Room very hot but fan provided  Tea and coffee provided in room  Shower toilet in cupboard also dated and small   I found this quite expensive for room ,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or0-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Night stay for evening in London,Room was some way up the stairs  With no lifts  Room was ok nothing special but did the job  Shower and toilet clean and working  Coffee making in room  Room was little hot but they supplied a fan  Close to Paddington station,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or5-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Standard hotel but good prices,"We stayed here as a family of 6 (eldest didn’t come this time if anybody cares to read any of my other reviews!), but still had to book 2 separate rooms as the biggest room wasn’t available. This wasn’t too much of a problem as the rooms were next to each other anyway, but we were on the top floor which was slightly hard work without a lift! Rooms were basic but stocked with the essentials, loo rolls, soap, towels, cups, glasses, tea, coffee and a kettle. It was fine for a night but wouldn’t want to stay much longer! Rooms were clean but dated. Needed a bit of a freshen up with the paint as was grubby in places, and carpet stained, but it was in pretty much central London and we got what we paid for! It was fairly noisy at night, as the hotel is situated literally a stones throw…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or5-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff,"I booked for a room on 16th of April 2019. Receptionist was really rude with me. I definitely recommend people not to go there. The way how they speak to customers horrible.   I booked room on internet. I have a booking confirmation on my email. I tried to explain to him. He said he didn’t have an available room, go somewhere else as lots of hotels around there. He told me lt wouldn’t happened if l called the hotel and book instead of doing my booking on booking.com .",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or5-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy dirty disgusting place!,"Turn up and the door was locked 3pm afternoon! Rang the bell for 30 minutes before someone answered, with no manners. Was sent down the road to another part of this hotel. Climb 70 stairs to get to a box room that was filthy dirty, sticky carpets and wet wall throughout the hotel. Dirty bedding.  Breakfast was stale bread!!! and warm ham, the rude unfriendly person in the kitchen was cutting her nails ... in the kitchen.... could not eat in this place If you paid me!!!  the staff are rude and ignorant and I couldn’t find anyone who spoke English!  It felt like guest were a inconvenience to them. Would never stay in this place again.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or5-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Speachless. ,"Where do I start?! Got to the hotel to be greated by a gentleman who could speak broken English at the best of times. Took him an age to find our booking, when he did he handed us a room key and no word was spoken after that it was left for ourself to figure out where if was. So we presumed that 204 would be upstairs so we went back out to the staircase, which can only be described as something out of the rocky horror show, bits of the wall missing, parts of the banister hanging off random bits of carpet all over sheets wrapped round certain parts and it also smelt like a hamsters cage. Now to the room... It can not be described as a room more like a cell actually you would probably get better treatment in a prison cell. The bed was about as comfy as a bed full of needles. The…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or5-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Wouldn't come back, wouldn't recommend ","Very terrible hotel. Could use massive renovation which I hope they're doing since I woke up this morning from the sound of hammers and drilling machines. Very tiny bathroom that can barely fit any person of any size. Beds are not comfortable at all and rthe person at the reception was not welcoming at all. He said 3 words in total (none of them were welcome, thank you or anything similar). He wasn't helpful at all with explaining where the room is or whatsoever, just said your room is upstairs (well, of course sinse there is nothing at ground floor but the reception itself). And not to finish this bad review in a bad way, the housekeeper was very sweet, she was very attentive and welcoming. ",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or10-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Expected,"Try to be positive when writing reviews but unfortunately I have to rate this 2 out of 5 On arrival it took around half hour or longer to check In with only 2 people in front! Room was very basic and bathroom was like a caravan due to shower kind of being over toilet and had plastic walls and flooring! Didn’t have the best sleep due to noise! Walls are thin and seemed to be facing onto other buildings, didn’t have time for bfast so can’t comment! Have to give a shout out to the night receptionist! Very helpful and cheerful! Check out there was no send off just a basic bye! Was it worth £50? Nope ",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or10-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Depressing ,"Sad decor..unloved..uncared for. Shower is plastic unable to adjust head and floods floor. Lack of pillows and bedding.  No lift  Staircase steep winding and bannister loose. Check out fire doors on bedroom..sure the gap is too wide so think smoke would get in. Breakfast poor..few cereals , yougurts, cheap bread, cold meat and processed cheese. ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or10-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",In London to see cricket at Lord's from Wales,This is the worst ? Hotel we have ever stayed in having visited many countries in the world including Africa and was ashamed to stay at this place . Staff on reception daytime Morose and no conversation .Room 202 not a double ? Ensuite more suited to be in a motor caravan I do not jest . Carpet torn and awful and not clean disgusting  .Bed dubious I came away with bedbug bites charming .Never Ever Again so be warned,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or10-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",UTTERLY AND TRULY DISGUSTING,"We were a family of 4. Hotel has no lifts so we opted for a ground floor room. The hotel receptionist asked us are you sure you want this room? We said why? He said no it is fine........ Also hotel has no WIFI and breakfast is served in a filthy room downstairs just toast and a plate with ham and cheese sealed in a plastic on each table..We opted for English breakfast 2 mins away from hotel. Room is utterly disgusting, filthy. Carpets were torn and room filthy. Just as you open the ground floor window on the facade, you could see and touch a scaffolding full of rubbish with open cans and wrappers. Utterly filthy. The room was so hot that you couldn't even open a window, To top it all up the bathroom is just a plastic cubicle so tiny situated in the room. I was locked in the…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or10-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!!!!!!","This is probably the worst hotel I have EVER stayed at. First of all there are no lifts and we were at building number 94 and our room was 255 however this was on the 4th floor. We had to carry our heavy suitcase up, also my husband who has a medical condition on his legs had to walk up with great difficulty. When we mentioned this to reception we were told there aren’t any rooms available and if we want to upgrade we will have to pay an additional £30.  When we got to the room, there was two single beds when we asked for a double room. The room was small, hot and very outdated. The bathroom is tiny probably the same size as a toilet you get on a plane. Overall it didn’t seem very clean. On top of all that we were charged twice, from booking.com and again on arrival. There was a…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or15-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,"staff were totally uninterested, cleanliness was so poor the dust in the stair well was thick at least a years worth. Walls were cracked and plastered over but not painted. The bedroom was in a very poor state the bed was stained the cover over the bed was ripped, the room was stuffy and smelly. When I told the duty manager I felt threatened by his response. We asked  to be moved and was told we had a deluxe room and what more did we want.  Glass was broken on the main route to the breakfast area and was still there 2 hrs later even though the maid had passed it by on route to serve the warm meat and cheese plus economy price bread.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or15-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Seymour...see less!,"Myself and my daughter spent two nights at this hotel. It's filthy, unfriendly staff and the rooms are the size of a changing room at a department store. The toilet is actually in the shower. There is no Wi-Fi and it was extremely hot and uncomfortable.  There was meant to be breakfast included which was basically bread and stale cereal. I would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or15-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We asked for a double bed, but got two singles. The room was like a corridor so the beds weren’t even side by side. We had to go up about 6 floors to get to the room with no elevator. Old and rusty bathroom with a hole on the door. Shower was half broken. No internet/heating/air con. Breakfast room wasn’t very similar to photos online. Toast and cereal with coffee/juice. Nice area close to Hyde Park and Paddington. Wouldn’t repeat. Paid 85 pounds and have paid similar prices for proper hotels in the past. Wasn’t expecting what it actually was.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or15-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Tony Regan,Booked in at Seymour hotel only for us to be told we were staying at at Berkeley hotel about 100 yards away stale smell throughout toilet cistern running all nigh very noisy had to go up 75 stairs to our rooms no air conditioning  personally I wouldn’t let my dogs stay here. I wouldn’t advise anybody to stay here it’s a disgrace. Toilet and shower as you can see in photo is a joke,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or15-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny Bathroom ,"Arrived early and room was ready, which was a bonus. Car parking is first ckme first serve, at £10 a night, which i thought was good for london. 3 single beds, though we did book a double and a single. Bed sheets were nice and fresh. Room was clean and tidy. As for the bathroom, so tiny, you couldn't swing a cat.  Had to help my son who has special needs to wash because he didn't know how to operate shower head. Curtain didn't go all the way across, and so came off the rail. My husband had to keep door open to use the toilet, didn't have any leg room to close it. Before we settled down  for the night, I had to put my t shirt infont of the door, as there was a 3 inch gap. Breakfast room is downstairs, and you get a continental breakfast, in which we enjoyed",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or20-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,"I’ve read the scathing reviews on here and so my visit was probably with the expectation of something utterly dreadful. The truth is, you get what you pay for and for this location the hotel is fine in terms of a comfy bed, hot shower and a simple breakfast. The room I stayed in was warm and had been recently cleaned. The towels were changed daily and it was quiet at night. Yes, the bathroom is small but it is functional and clean. The hotel needs a total overhaul and some money spent on it as it looks as if there are some jobs that have been started but left unfinished. There were also cigarette ends discarded on the balcony which looks very scruffy and in addition a large hole on the balcony which is actually an uncovered drain. Bit dangerous! Have attached some photos! All in…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or20-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location/ Ottima posizione ,"With just 5 minute walk from Paddington underground, this hotel is ideally for who is travelling to the center! The man who welcomed us was very kind and friendly and took care of some issues that we had with the reservation professionally and without us having to spend more money! The room I was in was very modest and the bathroom was really small located at the 3th floor with no lift only steep and narrow stairs. The breakfast service was very basic, coffee, cereal, bread with butter,jam and honey, and some cheese and ham! Over all it's a modest 2 star hotel with a good location! I suggest it for a short stay!",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or20-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel and personal,"The hotel is nice, with very helpful personal. Its in the center in Paddington and near to Hide Park . I was there with my sister  3 days and it was good for us . The breakfast was normal sandwiches with ham and cheese, cornflakes, yogurt, coffee, tee, juice . I was so surprised that in the hotel with 2 stars they clean every day and change the towels. Idit was very nice with as and the guys in receptionist too. So when we go to London again we think come back again in this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or20-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Book elsewhere. Even if you're on a budget.,"I initially told my wife I had stayed in worse places, but after 10 minutes I called back to revise that opinion.  I booked at the Alexandra as it was close to an event I was attending and our corporate booking system didn't offer much in our budget in the area. Checked in and was sent to the Seymour instead by reception which was already an unexpected twist as the booking system hadn't mentioned anything of the sort.  The building (inside) was musty and old, there were no signs indicating any of the rooms so I initially went up too far, having mistaken my floor for a service door. The room sloped downwards towards the window, there was a burn mark in the shape of an iron on the carpet (which was dirty), 3 sagging beds, teaspoons on the floor, a sticky desk and old curtains that…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or20-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Central London, affordable, you get what you pay for","The hotel is basic, but nice. It is right next to Paddington Station and this offers connections to Victoria for the Gatwick express or the Heathrow express goes straight from here. We payed 55 GBP for a twin room but instead we were given a room in the basement with 5 beds! This was great as it meant we had a much larger room than expected and only had to pay the price of a twin room. The only downside was the bathroom was a bit small and because we were in the basement we could hear the tube below us. Overall it is a very affordable, clean hotel close to central London that has very few downsides. Breakfast was basic but free so nothing lost nothing gained. perfect for one night stays like ours!",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or25-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and it shows,"Good pionts, near tube and railway stations, a walk away from Hyde Park and central London, and low cost. Bad pionts, not really sure who runs the ""Seymour""or is it the ""Berkley Court Hotel"" or maybe the ""Alexandra Hotel"", room information mentions the latter 2. This is in a separate building along at no. 94 Sussex Gardens.  On entering a musty smell on the stairs, no lift , rooms small, shower and wc tiny, hand basin drain blocked, had to clear that myself, didn't appear that it had been used in a while, so ran taps and shower to flush out any stagnant water in pipes.  Noticed fire detection device had been removed from ceiling base mount. TV not tuned in properly and often lost signal. Breakfast was an experience, salami/ham slices, cheese slices, cornflakes, and warm yoghurt…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or25-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible.. do not book here.. here is why...,"Firstly we booked this hotel.. but on arrival we were given the keys for a room at a hotel a few doors down. We new Seymour was basic, but clean and tidy from reviews. But where we stayed was filthy, undecorated or poorly decorated, smelly and uncomfortable. They would not refund money for us to find somewhere else. Booked double room.. got 2 single beds. Room smelt of marijuana when we arrived. Disgusted. Will never ever book again",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or25-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"Hotel is dated and basic, but is clean, tidy, friendly, a great location, cheap and cheerful! Would stay again 🙂 ideal if you just want a base to put your head down whilst visiting London, if your not a moaner and just need somewhere to sleep whilst exploring London! ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or25-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",It depends on your level of acceptance,"Was here for one night in a business trip, booking.com reviews felt like ok and acceptable and showed 42% discount, so i made a booking No internet as they have a problem with the internet provider as per the receptionist Room is at the fourth floor in different building, if you are not fit enough you will have a problem, if you have suitcases you are in troubles Room is cheap, poor and quite cold, dirty carpet, just a sense that it will be a bad stay Bathroom was much smaller than the standard small bathrooms in London's hotels Did not go to the breakfast next morning, was just waiting for the morning to run off this place Towels and the white sheets on beds were clean though the cover itself felt smelly and not really fresh Nearby Edgware road, almost 8 minutes walking to…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or25-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised ,"Pros:  + great location, a few minutes walk from Paddington  + clean and tidy  + warm welcome/all staff friendly  + decent breakfast  + comfy bed  + hairdryer in room   Cons:  - there was nothing ‘wrong’ as such with the bathroom, but it was tiny   My husband and I spent one night here midweek. From reading other reviews, I was a little worried about staying here but once we arrived any worries disappeared.   We were greeted warmly, and found all reception staff to be really pleasant. Reception is staffed 24 hours a day so I felt very safe.   The room had a tv, kettle, tea/coffee, hairdryer, a towel each and plenty of hand soap.  The room was clean and we had a comfortable night.   Breakfast is self service, in a basement dining room. There is a vibrant London cityscape painted…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or30-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Cold hotel,This hotel is clean and well priced for central London . the breakfast was fine for the price £54 a night. The only fault was it was so cold in the room. I asked the guy at reception when does the heating come on in the rooms and he opened the window in the reception area and said that that would make the heating work. The heating never came on during our stay and we had to use the hair dryer to heat the room. The window in the room was jammed open which didn't help matters.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or30-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Old/Small rooms but comfortable bed,Most of reviews are right about this place but we only needed somewhere to stay for a night. Breakfast is basic. It is near Paddington station which is a positive thing about the hotel. Can't think of anything else you say. ,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or30-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!!!,"If you're reading this on time don't book this place. I booked based on the price and pictures they show there. It is very old, dirty, smells bad and the service is bad. It has no facilities, they send you to another building. I came into the room and didn't even stay - had to look for a room nearby.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or30-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!,"Seymour or Seyless? Utter hell hole. Had a room on the top floor, had to haul two large suitcases up six flights of stairs. The 'bathroom' was a box. The beds were comfortable enough. Avoid at all costs!",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or30-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay again next time,"If I had been smarter I would have trusted TripAdvisor not Booking reviews. The room was very small and the window didn't shut so the wind is blowing into the room just like it was outside. The bathroom was incredibly small, ( when you sat on the toilet your knees touched the door). Breakfast was not what I expected.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or35-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"I extremely suggest to avoid this hotel! Very expensive for fa very small room dirty, and no facilities at all!, I really don't know why should someone stay here! I have also to add that they gave us a room in another hotel nearby!!! No wifi, no soap ,no shampoo! Just one towel and not even place to hang it!,,,,",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or35-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",half decent at London prices,"the good ...good location, reasonably clean, good staff, decent breakfast. room size OK for London. But no wi-fi, cramped bathroom, worn carpet and furnishings and only a rudimentary latch on the door..makes you worry when you leave your room. The cleaning and breakfast staff were good, ....give the place a top to bottom clean and a dab of paint, install wi-fi and decent locks on the doors and it would be reasonably OK for the price.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or35-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay again.,"Just returning home after a 1 night stay here. After reading the reviews after I booked it (mistake) it was safe to say I was actually quite scared of coming here! Haha.  First of all though location is excellent, just a 5 min walk from Paddington station so that was ideal as we needed to get the tube to Wembley to see Adele (Wembley is 33 mins away by the way)  We arrived around 5pm to check in and I must say, there were a lot of reviews saying staff were rude or unpleasant but the guy we had was lovely.  He told us that we weren't actually staying in that building we had to leave and go around the corner to number 94. Our room was number 241 down in the basement which was quite scary to say the least. On initial inspection the room seemed clean and tidy. We had a twin room but…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or35-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap(ish) for a reason,"Just returned from a 2 night stay. About 5 minute walk from Paddington Station so location is convenient. Upon arrival the check-in man couldn't be more miserable and did not even bother to say hello. Just passed a slip to complete and key passed to me. Furniture is really outdated, dusty and dirty like it hadn't been hoovered in years. Room was an ok size. Bed was comfortable. Remote for the tv did not work but the tv was strangely radio only anyway. Bathroom was shockingly small, like airplane toilets. Absolutely no room to manouveure to get changed or store anything. Hairdryer did not work. Luckily weather was good so able to airdry my hair. Breakfast was ok with cereal, toast, hot drink, juice and a strange plate of ham, chicken slices and cheese slices on your table.…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or35-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Close to the Oxford Street,"The hotel is very close to the Oxford Street,  Hyde Park and the Madame Taussaud Museum.  You shouldn't have great expectations.  The floor makes noise when u step on the room, they don't have internet (nor wifi or cable) but the breakfast was good.  At this price,  u can't expect more.     ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or40-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Ok accommodation but let down by breakfast, no gluten free diet.","Didn't expect a lot for the money paid, but at least the room was clean, although an unexplained pool of water kept appearing in the tiny en suite. The shower was really powerful which was a nice surprise. The communal areas of the hotel are very tired looking, and I wouldn't want to stay here for more than a night. The staff particularly the desk staff are brusque and not at all friendly. I am a  Coeliac and rang before hand to confirm that they could cater for this, some person just said ""What time you want to eat?"",  I confirmed with him that I did not need to provide my own bread, ""No, see girl in kitchen"" Ok so not too confident, then on arrival had virtually same response from desk.  Breakfast for me was plastic cheese and a yoghurt and a cup of tea.  No toast because girl…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or40-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",It's £100 in London...are you expecting the Ritz?,"Look it's cheap for a reason.Our room was fine and clean.The bathroom was tiny was a good shower....for £100 on a bank holiday Saturday I expected no more...if you want a bed,bathroom and a surprisingly good mattress it's fine!",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or40-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Vile,"I don't have too high standards and can up up with most things, but this place is disgusting!! Dirty walls, carpet, smelly beds, dirty toilets, dirty cups. Very unhelpful and aloof staff. Poor breakfast. Good stock of prostitutes just outside front door each night. I couldn't sleep in bed so got dressed and slept on top of bed. Dirty and dated.  Needs a deep clean, new beds, new staff and a lot of paint. They need to invest In a better menu option rather than cheese slices, chicken roll and toast. Everything done on the cheap. Don't stay here!!!!  I am willing to talk to owners if you are prepared to talk as I know your staff aren't.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or40-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but compact hotel,"The room size was ok but kind of small for bathroom. No toiletries provided but they do clean the room n change towel daily. With the price we paid, it was slightly above my expectation. Abit far frm paddington station as we could see there were quite a lot of hotels nearby it. Breakfast was the same everyday. Overall, it was a satisfying stay with an affordable price.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or40-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"The location of this hotel would have to be the biggest highlight as it is about five minute walk to Paddington station which connects you to any where in London. On arrival I had booked a double room but the receptionist (owner I believe) told us ""it said twin or double"" and insisted that my partner and I would be put in a twin room. We got on with this and got to the room - two single beds with a TV, tea and coffee facilities. There was a hair dryer in the room which was not working and when I asked for a replacement I was told this could not be replaced until some one was available to fix it - I asked could I use a dryer from a spare room which he agreed to. However I did not find the attitude of the staff very friendly. The breakfast that is included is cereal and cold cut…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or45-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Just no,"Short story: I am pregnant and there was a rat in my room, the management denied even tho I had evidence and pictures. Did not manage to get an apology, nor a refund. Also, they ignored my 3 emails.  Just terrible",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or45-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Close to it all,Budget hotel that includes continental breakfast. Booking.com booked   Clean but typically on main road so traffic all night. Pod  bathrooms that are small but great shower. Not far from Paddington station and little Arabia area of restaurants and shops.  The back streets offer some unique small restaurants and pubs.Close to A5 routes buses etc.,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or45-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",DISSAPOINTING,"The hotel is well located close to Paddington station, The problem is the hotel is vertical and lacks an elevator . As a result you have to cart your baggage  up the flight of stairs by hand.! This is a great inconvenience if you have heavy baggage.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or45-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Be sure to pack your oxygen tank!,"Booked into 106 Sussex Gardens for a 3 night stay, only to find that 106 seemed to be a holding annexe; we were actually staying in number 94, around the corner! Off we trudged to our room. 70 stairs later (yes, we counted them!) , we arrive in our ""room""; although room is stretching it a bit. We entered a long narrow cupboard like space, with a single bed at each end, the feet of which faced each other, despite us booking a double. A bit like top and tailing when you were a kid. Investigated the shower room, and discovered you could almost have a shower whilst sitting on the loo - I kid you not, the space was that tiny.  Resolving to make the best of it - after all, we were only using it as a base, we set about making a cuppa. Well we tried. Most of the milk provided was dated…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or45-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Booked what I thought to be a double room as I was visiting London with my partner, however when I arrived at 10pm that night and after climbing the top floor of the hotel to my room I found that it was a twin room which was £9 cheaper than the room I had booked, as you are given 4 options which shows pictures, a twin room which has two single beds, a standard room with a picture of a double bed, a triple room with 3 single beds and a quadruple room with 4 single beds. I spoke to the receptionist who argued with me that a twin room is what I booked so this is what i was getting and if I was unhappy then I was to speak to reception in the morning. I understand that it was rather late when I arrived but this was no way to talk to guests. In the morning after ""breakfast"" I spoke to…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or50-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Great place for a base,"Close to Paddington tube and train station. Bed comfortable, tv worked fine. Bathroom was clean, did the job. Hairdyer and tea/coffee supplies. It's everything I expect in a hotel room. The bathroom was small but it had everything we needed.   The only problem we had was the walls and windows were thin so can hear TVs and people outside. But we was only there to sleep really., 3 nights there. So it was perfect. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or50-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",1 star hotel,"The location is good and the stuff really kind. However: There is no elevator. Room is dirty, with also pieces of paper in the floor as it has never been cleaned. The bedcover was old and broken. Bathroom is 1 mqs with a dirty yellow curtain in the shower. Hairdryer smells of burnt.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or50-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for - Cheap and Nasty,"Okay, maybe it wasn’t entirely the hotels fault because if I had known that they had no wifi, and in fact no computer, and that the room with the bath that I had booked only had a small shower in what amounted to an incredibly cramped room, then I wouldn’t have gone ahead and booked it. However, as it turns out, the travel site that I booked gave me the wrong information, and by the time I had got here it was a little too late to do anything. Okay, they did have complementary breakfast, and was also pretty close to Paddington Station, but since there are quite a few hotels here that is not really a huge benefit. Sure, it wasn’t as expensive as some places that you can stay at, but I definitely was intending on paying a premium for at least a bath. Okay, the location wasn’t all…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or50-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Decent value,"Reading previous reviews of this hotel, my expectations were low on what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised.  Although the hotel is standard, the rooms are spotless and the location is very good. For the price we paid, it was more than adequate taking into account the location.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or50-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Over night stay,"Seymour hotel !!!!! Well clean sheets that's as good as it got wanted double got 2 singles,, beds were ok ish (had to kill slug before getting in bed),,, bathroom was tiny but useable ,,,,, the room was small but tea n coffee supplied,,,, as for breakfast well when in England why the hell have continental breakfast plz full English a must far less trouble than what we had,,,,, other guests were very noisy and to top it all builders started at 8am on a flipping Sunday ?????? Not good",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or55-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for one night,"The hotel is located close to Paddington Station and Hyde Park and this is probably the only selling point for the hotel. We only booked it cause we needed a cheap last night to stay before we headed back home, and it was okay for that one night but that's about it.   It's pretty old and run down, but the room felt pretty clean except a dirty shower curtain. The hotel doesn't have a lift, so if you get the top floor like we did you'll be carrying your luggage up five flights of stairs. Normally I wouldn't mind but the stairs got narrower and narrower and by that last flight I was struggling.   The room was a decent size with okay beds but the throws are also used for blankets which I wasn't too comfortable with, it felt really dirty. The bathroom is tiny and there is zero room…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or55-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",OK budget hotel,This hotel does not have a lift so it's a good idea to travel light in case your put on an upper floor. The room (in the sister hotel round the corner) was good though with a comfortable bed and good shower room.  For what you pay this hotel is OK and is also very handy for Paddington.,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or55-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in whole Paddington area!,"So, lets begin with this. I booked the hotel with DNATA from Dubai. I understand they don't deal with low budget hotels, however they have them in their system so logically if DNATA is offering, you trust them because they are the worlds most famous booking site along with ''booking.com.'' So I booked for 5 nights. I reached the hotel. I walked in, and the first two things: there is no WI FI and you can't leave any valuables inside your room because the balcony is too low and someone might jump in to the balcony although there are cameras all over. Another thing, I booked a double room, but guess what? Once they are fully booked and they give away all double rooms, there will be only left single, so be careful if you book a double- you might end up sleeping with your partner in…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or55-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",More of a hostel than a hotel,"I stayed at Seymour hotel for two nights  The minute I arrived and saw the place, I almost turned back and walked away .  The only positive thing is can say about the hotel, it's near paddington metro station   Rooms are tiny, shower is tinier! Skinny people only!   Equipment , furniture, curtains ,carpets, they all look like never been touched since the opening day, decades ago.  No elevator , corridor and steps, are narrow, difficult to move with your luggage.  Kind of places you stay 3 times... :first, last and one too many   Not a place I'll be visiting ever again",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or55-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient and reasonable price,The Seymour Hotel location is great being close to Paddington Station. So very convenient for the Heathrow Express train. The rooms are small but satisfactory for the price. The breakfast is basic but adequate. We would use again. ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or60-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Oh what a night,"Well, where do I start. The location is amazing. Unfortunately that is the only plus point about this hotel. Check in was a nightmare!!!! 28 of us had travelled from various places to celebrate a friends special birthday at the proms. The hotel insisted!!!'the bill of over £1500 was paid by one person, and they then collected the money 😳. We were then allocated our rooms, which were spread over two buildings? As we began our ascent up five floors with suitcases, chairs,picnic baskets etc, you would think we would not notice how dirty everything was???? Wrong 😳 it was filthy, stairs had not been hoovered, general housekeeping was severely lacking. All this before we even see our room!  At best it was one up from a shop doorway. So small, only one pillow each, I'm sure in prison…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or60-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Great!,"Good value, great location. Clean rooms and helpful staff. You get what you pay for but if you're looking for a central  weekend break away, it's ideal! Very close to Paddington train and tube station.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or60-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",For the price it was perfect,"A window with a balcony, tiny bathroom, pretty clean, TV, tea cooker, really close to the Paddington underground and train station, Hyde Park is in a walking distance, a lot of restaurants and pubs around, breakfast with cornflakes and toast. I really don't know why people complain it is super cheap and right in the middle of London and the staff is nice too. We got up at 7 and came back around midnight, for the little time we spent in our room it was perfect.   The only problem is really the tiny bathroom but that's really the only thing. Breakfast isn't really the best in the world but it was ok. If you know this and are ok with it then go for it, we had a great time there.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or60-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant ,"After reading reviews I wasn't expecting to enjoy my stay but I was surprised.  When we arrived the man on the desk was friendly he booked us in and told us we would be staying around the corner in their other building.  Upon entering the room it was basic but clean and tidy. The bathroom was tiny but the water was hot and the pressure in shower was good. The beds were comfortable which was one of my main worries (no one wants a lumpy bed) we had a kettle, tea/coffee etc. Towels were provided and we had a tv with all the free view channels. I didn't see any of the ""working ladies"" out the front but I was travelling with my son and we were in our hotel room by 9pm so maybe they came out later!  Breakfast was in the main hotel where reception was there was 5 different cereals to…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or60-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but not ideal,"Arrived from Crawley and was met by a nice receptionist and informed i was. In a room back along the street, no problem thought I, only to find I was on top floor, four flights of very steep stairs I arrived at my room. Unfortunately the telly did not work but I just read. I also needed a plug for my breathing machine but there was nothing close enough,  I enjoyed the stay as the room was comfy! ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or65-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for. You can't complain ,"We chose this hotel for its location being so close to Paddington. It was a Base. It was a room... So what it was in a different building. It served a purpose. It was clean. It was quiet. Breakfast was cereal, toast, Ham, chicken slices, cheese slices and Yogurts. It you want more..  Pick a different hotel. Man on reception was brilliant. We left out luggage there before check in as we wanted to get sight seeing. We were also able to leave it there the following day after checking out so we didn't have to carry it. For us, it was exactly what we needed.  Thank you. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or65-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at al cost,"Pretty much similar to other people's experience really, supposed to stay in Seymour hotel but got taken to one a few doors down which was run down and in need of a major facelift.  smelly,damp, outdated,  bathroom with sink toilet and shower about same size as a portaloo, infact it makes a bathroom in a caravan look huge. Only positive is it is in a good location for Buckingham palace, Hyde park, oxford street and madame tussauds. I suppose you get what you pay for, pay less and get less, pay through the roof and get luxury.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or65-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel,"Just echoing the opinions of the previous reviews. We arrived only to be taken to a different hotel. This hotel (and its neighbouring ones) were all run down, smelt like a damp, mouldy residue, unfurnished, hot to the point where we literally felt no insulation whatsoever. There is no wifi at the hotel, the bathroom is the size of a port-a-loo and the reception staff/manager was exceptionally rude and dismissive.  Not to mention the syndicate of prostitutes that patrols the entire vicinity of the hotels from dusk till dawn. Strongly would advise not booking here.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or65-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Dont book this dire hotel,"We arrived at this dirty run down hotel, only to be redirected to another hotel nearby!! This too was dirty and there was a ladder to negotiate in the corridor and frayed carpet. Imagine if there had been a fire.......... VERY noisy with door of room next to ours banging all night. Think it was used by staff. Very disappointed.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or65-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend ,Basic hotel room smelled damp and a leak in the tiny en suite no lift and room was at the top up 4 flights of stairs  breakfast rubbish and kitchen staff just happy to check their phones instead of assisting guests wouldn't use this hotel again ,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or70-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Basic and comfortable room with a small but good shower. It is close to Paddington Station. Breakfast was also basic. It is a good budget hotel near Central London, very good value for money with frienly staff",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or70-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Good Basic B&B,"A basic, but clean B&B, Near to the station, and suited the purpose of our visit to London.To be fair the price is great and you get what you pay for. The breakfast was okay, not the best but I didn't leave hungry. The room was clean, and everything worked. Would return as the location was great for our needs.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or70-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",A too basic and lousy hotel.,"Terrible hotel. Too basic breakfast, terrible creaking floor and a too small toilet where you had to shower sideways :O :O :O The shower is too small and it spits water all over the bathroom and you have no mop to help",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or70-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Bathroom as big as ryanair flights (I'm not joking),"The place is fine, near to the station; the room basic but the breakfast terrible. I have never seen a bathroom small like this and when the first night I was calling the reception because I had no hot water they answer me after three times and they told me just to wait because the hot water should come in 15/20 minutes. When I said that I wanted my money back and I would leave straight away, they came to fix the problem. ABSOLUTELY TO AVOID",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or70-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",If you like prostitutes and small showers !,"To be fair the location and the price can't be beaten you will not find a cheaper hotel that close to Westminster. With that comes some unfortunate compromises. The shower is very small and it spits water all over the bathroom. Then you have the working girls, outside your hotel it's pretty much a mini red light district.  You should probably spend the extra money ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or75-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Room basic but okay, problem is coming home late at night !","I got a room through booking.com at a rate of £40/night. The room was basic but had a good shower with plenty of hot water, kettle worked, TV didn't. Breakfast was also basic but what do you expect for £40/night in London. The location is very handy for Paddington Station but the downside is that the area is well-populated with prostitutes. A small team of them greeted me on the doorstep on the second night of my stay (a Thursday). So just be aware that if you come home late at night, you'll have to negotiate your way around them.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or75-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",A mistake!,"We stayed for a couple of nights in a twin room on the top floor (no lift, steep stairs) of the ""white hotel"", an annex to the main hotel where reception is and with external access. The room was dirty, the plastic shower/wc cabin smelled like pee, the window did not close properly... Breakfast was toasts, yogurts, cereal, coffee and tea. Unfriendly staff. At night there are several prostitutes at the front door (some rooms may be used by them). Don't book, its cheap for a reason!",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or75-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely dreadful.,"Did not even stay there, made my cancellation but they still took the full amount from my account for a service I did not even use. More so they had disgusting service on the phone when I inquired about this and had the nerve to hang up on me. Not only this when I did keep calling they passed me on to person to person. It states free cancellation but they still take 100% of the room charge from your account. Even though I did not stay, their customer service was dreadful. Do not stay in this hotel everyone who works in the hotel is rude and has never had a lesson in customer service.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or75-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",hotel seymour,Your website stated there was WIFI there which was not the case. Hotel manager told me that they do not have WIFI at all for the guests.   If you want to have some credibility in the future you should correct your site immediately.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or75-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",No WiFi!!,"Finiding a good hotel in Central London while keeping to a budget can be quite a challenge. The Seymour Hotel is very conveniently located in Zone 1, about 5 mins walk from Paddington underground, and 10 mins from Hyde Park. The room itself was spacious, however we had twin beds which we had to push together. The bathroom is so small it looks like it was designed to fit inside an aeroplane. Even so, it was better than having a room with a shared bathroom. The breakfast was ok but nothing special, with cereal, watered-down juice, toast and ham and cheese. Still, the thing that bothered me the most was the fact that they had no WiFi, (even though that's how it was advertised on Hotels.com) and the receptionists, who could do with a little Customer Service Training, especially the…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or80-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel!hotel is not a word I would use!,"This is not quite the worst I've state in but not far off!good points, comfortable bed, room was quite clean and it is five minutes from Hyde park. Now, bad points but  where to start. On arrival the area outside was littered with rubbish bags, reception is old, unkempt and uninviting. The person on reception was friendly but didn't go out of his way to be welcoming. There are three buildings and we were in one around the corner, in a ground floor room. The room was like the Sahara and heaters would not turn down. With the windows open the shrieking, banging and noise from the other rooms was,loud,. The bathroom is the size of a caravan toilet. It was probably a cupboard before. The shower is right next to the toilet so using the loo involved moving the curtain. Overall the room…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or80-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,stayed here for 3 nites end nov  in triple room knew what to expect bathroom very small but everything was clean and was a good price for such a central location. Was good value for money. northern ireland visitors.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or80-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",SEYMOUR,location was perfect although the hotel didnt quite live up to that! The hotel is divided up into several different buildings located away from main reception. When we got to the room we were surprised to see a bathroom no smaller than that of an aeroplane toilet.  The water from the shower didnt drain away quick enough leaving the entire bathroom flooded.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or80-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap cheap and it shows,"First off the hotel room we had was in another building all together.  The lobby had two couches that looked like they found them from a street corner or a frat house.  Our bed had a bottom sheet that did not fit, the toilet seat was wobbly.  The only window we had overlooked a four by five courtyard that needs to be cleaned.  You could hear the other tenants who wer partying the night away through the echo in the courtyard.  Breakfast was adequate.  Only booked this because it was close to Paddington and only needed one night.  I would never ever stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or80-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Do not expect high quality,"Just got back from a trip to London with my mum, we booked this hotel around a month before we arrived in London. By websites and ratings this hotel looked like a nice, clean, mid-class place to stay. First of all, there is no WiFi in this hotel and when we tried to ask about it, the staff was very rude and irritated. Our room wasn't located in Seymour hotel building, it was situated in the White House hotel which was a different building. The condition of the hotel is bad, it stinks of mold and the stairs almost come apart, the rooms are tiny ( not so much of a problem ), the bathroom is like a airplane bathroom, the heating isnt on at night so it was freezing in the room when it was time to sleep. The breakfast was fine, toast and some yoghurt with variety of cereal and juice,…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or85-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value for Money,"Stayed here for 3 nights from Friday18th September.  Easy check in process, lovely staff.  Very clean and spacious room.  Located perfect for access to all tourist attractions in London.  Staff were kind enough to allow us to leave our luggage on our check out day and collected it later.  Would stay again if I visit London.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or85-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, best concierge ever, clean","At Seymour Hotel you get, what you pay for - and more, but don't expect anything fancy. I stayed at this hotel with two friends (we had a room with three beds) and for us it was absolutely perfect. You can't beat that location (at least not for that price)...it's just three to four minutes from Paddington Station, the St. Mary's Hospital (with Lindo Wing) is even closer, nice restaurants and a good pub in the same street and breakfast at that little cafe next door is nothing short of delicious!!! The room we had (third floor, no lift) was clean, the beds comfy and there was enough space for the three of us. The bathroom is tiny though. But we were ok with that. Altogether the hotel has charm and we loved it. But it was Nour, the concierge, who made our stay truly memorable. He…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or85-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it,Small boxy room on fourth floor with open sash window without bars - with a curious 4yr old boy as travelling companion and stacks of luggage. No lift and the left luggage office mentionned is in fact the open-to-all reception area. The room was not even within the Seymour Hotel but in another hotel along the road which seems to be run by the same people.,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or85-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"Tempted by the value offer of a hotel with breakfast for £50. I should have known better. My dad used to tell me if something was too good to be true it probably is.  The room was like something out of the 1950s. The mattresses were like biscuits. Wanted a double room but got two singles which we tried to push together. Very uncomfortable.   The bathroom was like someone had taken an airplane toilet and placed within the room.  Breakfast...well...why bother guys? Basically the staff went to Asda and purchased a pack of wafer thin ham and cheese slices and called it a continental breakfast. Terrible.  Only plus is the location. Proximity to london paddington is good.  It didn't break the bank, but now I know why.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or85-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Small and noisy,"We got an extremly small room and a bathroom for ants. At night the noise from the street made it hard to sleep. They change sheets every third day and towels every other day. I wouldn't recommend it for more than one night.  The location is perfect, close to Paddington Station and Edgware Road. Buses 7, 23, 36 and others stop 150 meters away from the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or90-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic, micro bathroom","Location is fine. Tons of great places to eat a block away. Public transportation is very accessible from here. Room was small, and bathroom was the size of a phone cabin. If you're taller than 1.80 mts. or 6 ft. You will not fit in the shower. Dropping the soap is a huge mistake in this bathroom. Check the pictures out.  The place is fine for couple of nights. Breakfast is fine. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or90-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best experience,"We booket this hotel for one night. Mainly because it said it had shower and wifi. The room was on 5th floor of a narrow maze of stairs, carpets everywhere and no ac, so was really Hot. Staff was SO unfriendly and not helpful and kind at all. The shower was small with a icky shower curtain, and the toilet door rotten in the bottom. Felt like a waste of money. Oh, and they did not have wifi anywhere, and the staff member er asked got really irritated with us for asking. ",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or90-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend,"The room was not ready when we arrived at 2pm check in time so we had to wait in the corridor. When cleaner finally left, the rubbish bins had still not been emptied. We were given a room with twin beds although I booked a double. When we complained to receptionist he just shrugged his shoulders. Dining room was in the basement and looked like a works canteen. The cleaner also served the breakfast. The interior of the hotel was dirty and badly needed updating. Overall, location was good, service average, everything else poor.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or90-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Good little hotel for the price,"Stayed for one night in June 2015. Easy walk from Paddington Station. Quick book-in; my room was housed in an adjacent hotel but that was fine. Steep climb to the top floor; room was small single but clean and everything was fine. Continental breakfast was simple (cereal, watery juice, nice yoghurt, meat and cheese and plenty of fresh toast) but good. Staff were friendly. Overall for £49 it was a great deal.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or90-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting place!,"Dirty smelly room in the basement, raw sewage smell and raw sewage in the courtyard, filthy, people smoking in the hotel, receptionist vile, rude and unhelpful, breakfast was even worse, butter was rancid, cold coffee, didn't dare try anything else on offer for fear of being ill... Wouldn't recommend it to anyone! Budget does not mean disgusting and not fit for purpose!!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or95-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",not recommended!!,"Dirty, room was in the basement,stank of raw sewage!courtyard next room had dried raw  sewage!!! When challenged daytime receptionist, he was rude told us to be thankful that we had a room, we stated that we booked for the Seymour hotel but we were in another, his answer so its done like that for a tax fiddle!!! Evening receptionist very helpful and polite!! Photos of hotel really!!!! False advertising- if u are a extra large person u will not fit in the ensuite if that's what u call it!!! Breakfast what a joke!! Butter was rancid!! Coffee cold!! There is budget and clean but this takes the biscuit!! I will be passing photos onto environmental health !!!no smoking hotel- really ha ha , stunk of it!!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or95-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Not saticfied,"It's a very old and worn-out hotel that was poorly cleaned. A lot of noise from the street, and between the rooms. No WiFi. A plus for its location to Padington station and Hyde park.  Would not recommend this for my friends.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or95-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Not good !!!,"Booked this hotel through Expedia  Problem with room on arrival had to stay in sister hotel ( White House ) Reception not there waited 10 mins then v rude. Arrived 2230 after long day at hosp and didn't get room until 11.10  Room awful ( basement,noisy grubby, tiny bathroom no shower gel etc  Didn't even bother with breakfast ( can't imagine )   Do not bother .........  £80 badly spent 😡",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or95-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Ridiculously bad even for central London,"For a cheap hotel that I didn't expect to be in much, my expectations were low but this place was dreadful.   The rooms had a stale odour which somehow transferred to my clothes and everything from the worn out carpets (covered with someone else's hairs) to the discoloured bed sheets made this one of the worst places I've stayed in.   What made the room unique was how they managed to fit a bed in such a small cell. The pictures are not an accurate rendition of all of the rooms. I'm 6'3 and the bathroom & toilet was so small I was unable to close the door while sitting on the toilet!  Be careful as it seems that all of the Sussex Gardens hotels (postcode W2 2..) are the same building and same owner despite having different names and receptions. If this is anything to go by they…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or95-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",pretty meh,"We were stuffed on the top floor, 5th I believe with no elevator after our booked room went to someone else. The room was tiny, enough for a double bed and a very little bit of walk space around it. Bathroom was laughably small,, but i wasn't really laughing as I had to spend 3 days using it.  Dingy and old --you get what you pay for and not a nickel more.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or100-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",excellent budget hotel,"stayed three nights - we thought the staff were very helpful and friendly with 24hr reception. Ideal central location for mainline and tube stations. The room was warm and quiet. Though small, the shower room was clean and had very good pressure. The bed was comfortable and towels were changed daily. We travel a lot and we thought this hotel offered EXCELLENT value for money. (we are in our 50s)  The help yourself breakfast was fine - GREAT coffee with toast, cereals and creamy yogurt - included in the great value tariff !",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or100-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Didn't expect much but....,"I know the area and have stayed in hotels similar therefore expected small rooms with basic facilities.   There are reviews that complain about the stairs, I would of preferred the climb. We were in basement next to the breakfast room. Awoken at 2am by the elephants exercising above us! Every cough, snore, sneeze and toilet flush could be heard. Then awoken at 7am by other guests in and out for breakfast, oh and the smell of burnt toast! Not a wink of sleep! After a long days walking and sight seeing, we were NOT looking forward to a nights sleep!  The room was small as expected, but dirty carpets, bed sheets, damp stained walls and ceilings. I expected basic but not this dirty",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or100-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"My boyfriend and I were planning to spend a few nights here while in London. On the first night I couldn’t fall asleep because of a strange noise, which turned out to be a mouse!!! I immediately went to the reception, and the person there was so rude I couldn’t believe it. At first, he denied the possibility of a mouse being in our room – even though I saw it! I had to argue with him until he finally agreed to go and see it for himself. Since it was already late, he decided to move us to another room, and then transfer us to another hotel the next day – hallelujah! I really appreciate the transfer, but we never got anything remotely close to an apology. All in all, a terrible experience. NOT coming back!",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or100-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Close the place down,"The worst thing is we were warned not to stay there. I would hate to see what would happen if there was a fire.  Carrying heavy bags up the stairs, staff unhelpful.  They deliberately gave us wrong directions to Laundromat - in fact didn't even know where it was (its only around corner we discovered). They tried to send us miles away. Bathrooms toilets far too small.  noisy mosque next door. No Lounge for visitors.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or100-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Great little place,You get what you pay for!!!! It was cheap and cheerful bedding was changed on the third night great location as there's two tubes nearby padding ton and edge ware road people need to be aware that we were in berkley court this is along the road it's still all ran by the seymour hotel so bonus we didn't have to see receptionist everyday lol breakfast is toast and cereals fruit juice and water with cheese ham chicken etc it was adequate enough for me and my partner and friend we will definately stay back here in the future bonus that it's just up the road from Hyde park ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or105-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievable,"This would have to be the most unfriendly place to stay on this planet. Unfriendly Staff with no greeting and no smile.  We were told our room was on the very top floor (60 narrow stairs to battle with). No assistance with suitcases, the shower recess is approximately 3 feet by 16 inches wide and the beds were squeaky and uncomfortable.  In fact I have written to the manager of my travel agent for a full refund. You are mad if you stay at this place. Just take a look at the other reviews. My score is -10 .",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or105-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we needed!,Seymour is ideal for those who want a central London hotel at a great price. Room was clean at all times although bathroom was impressively small however we were ok with that. There are no lifts so elderly people or those with difficulties might want to reconsider but for us it was ok. Staff extremely nice and helpful. One of them in particular when he got to know we were there for my daughter's birthday he went to buy sweets and came to our room to give them to her! Tube is 2 min walk bus 1 min. Highly recommended for young travellers not looking for luxury. ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or105-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel,"Only good thing about the hotel is the location ,our room was small the bathroom was tiny water would only dribble out , the toilet seat was broken kettle didn't work only got replaced after I made a fuss , no lifts was on 3rd floor and so many stairs to climb, no remote for TV , bedding had holes in it , the breakfast was no very good , orange was awful bread came out the toaster just as white as it went in just felt like warm bread , staff were not very helpful , would never stay here again , ",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or105-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Dont go to this place,"Booked six months before stay. Asked for first floor or sec,. We did not stay at the seymour we was sent along the street to the berkeley court , six flight of stairs NO LIFT. Iam 78 my wife75 , went back to seymour to ask for change but was ignored. the room was very small shower and toilet in a plastic box, smaller than a aircraft toilet. BE WARNED DO NOT GO THIS PLACE..",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or105-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Unfriendly staff, very small room","I would not recommend this hotel. Unfriendly staff at the reception, the room was extremely small and it's got the kind of bathroom where you could take a shower and go to the toilet at the same time as there is literally no space between them. Breakfast was also poor, dry white toast is the only bread they serve. Only positive point is the location: close to Hydepark and the Paddington tube station.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or110-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Aussie Gail,When I first arrived I had just gotten of the plane very sick because of the Turbulence and I was being given a room upstairs with no lift n I was in no shape to climb stairs. The gentleman at the front desk wasn't friendly or helpful. My driver who picked me up from Heathrow had to ask for a room downstairs. The bathroom was very tiny n lucky I am a slim person. Breakfast was the same every day. Lucky for me they had different people working every day n they were very nice n helpful. One even gave me an umbrella to use n let me use the phone. It was close to a few stations and I was told it was central. It was ok for a few days as long you just needed a clean bed and hot shower it would do but not long term. Anyway I wouldn't return there as I found it hard getting around from…,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or110-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel is a joke,"Don't go there fellas ! This hotel is terrible. The toilets are as small as the airplane's, and it is nearly impossible to shower in there ! The TV doesn't work and you have to pay 10£ for the remote as a guarantee. We were 4 in the room, and it was unbearable. I now there is a problem with the hotel rooms in London but I think it is better to pay a little more to have a decent room (if you want at least some space to dress up, which we hadn't). I fiercely recommand against sleeping in this hotel. P.S. The breakfast is minimalist (coffee, tea, toasts and jam).",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or110-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location,"I was there with friends for 5 days. This is a nice hotel with amazing location. You are just 3 min walking distance from Paddington station and the hop on hop off bus stop. There are many restaurants close to the hotel and the variety is not missing everyone should find something for them. There is a 24 hour Tesco store close to the hotel if you need something like water and fruits. The staff was very nice and helpful so if you need anything don´t be afraid to ask them. The free breakfast was ok bread, yogurt and cerial. The rooms were clean and spacious which surprised me after reading other reviews. But the bathrooms are small you can work around it but small is the right word for it.  All in all I would recommend staying for a short London visit. I would stay here again :)",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or110-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and spaceous room:),"A week ago we stayed in this hotel (The white house) and I must say, although I expected something really nasty from the reviews I read here, it was pretty much okay. For the money you pay, our room was clean, spaceous and we had quite good bathroom (it was clean and it wasn't that small).. I stayed at the room 226 and it was good. We also had a desk and a closet in our room. The breakfast was okay, nothing special but you can find something for yourself and the stuff was really good. Especially the youngest guy (I guess his name was Bjork or something like that), he was very friendly and helpful:)",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or110-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",THE WORST HOTEL IN LONDON!,"I'm not really picky, and I don't mind small rooms, as long as they're clean, and I can sleep well. This hotel rooms are REALLY SMALL, the bathrooms, BELIEVE ME! are smaller then an airplane one. The sheets from our beds were never changed, and they didn't even straight'em up in bed, they just threw the cover from the bed over the sheets, and that was it.  The carpets were filhty! when we moved the beds from the walls, u could see the dirt that maybe was there for months. The whole place stinks... no lifts to get into a 3rd floor with ur bags... no internet as they advertise in some websites, and it's not in WESTMINSTER AT ALL.  There are prostitutes in each corner of the hotel, wich makes really dangerous to walk by at night,  But the most amazing thing was in the last night,…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or115-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE - YOU WILL GET ROBBED!!!,You WILL get robbed You WILL get bad service You WILL get festering dirty rooms You WILL get a ridiculously small bathroom (that floods!) You WILL get poor service You WILL get a dreadful breakfast with dirty cutlery and crockery You WONT get a good stay!!!,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or115-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",We stayed 5 minutes!,"A horrible place. Our room had a huge hole in the carpet and the bedding and décor was right out of the 'sleeping rough' book of customer satisfaction. This place was horrible. Avoid, unless they offer you a room for £3.50 a night!",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or115-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking hotel,"Booked with the Seymour hotel but ended up in a different hotel (Berkeley court.) The cleanliness of the room was poor, Dust in the ventilation, toilets were in a filthy state, no TV remote (£10 deposit if you want it), the signal for the TV was poor but this might have have something to do with our room being in the basement. One of the mattresses on the double beds was in an awful state, it basically felt like you were sinking. The hairdryer didn't work but to be fair we were provided with one. All in all, it was a relatively cheap price for London but the hygiene needs to be addressed.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or115-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",For Couples/Senior Citizens/Respectable People Avoid this hotel,"Booked with Seymour, then given room in Berkeley Court.  Small, Cold, Twin not double, couldn't understand what staff were saying most of the time.  70 steps to 5th floor, No lift, Loose handrails and banisters, Steep small steps,  no fire exits, no leaflets on what to do in case of fire, Health and Safety nightmare.   Uncomfortable beds, dirty worn carpets, no fire exit (apart from main/only staircase) if you're over 65 or bigger than a size 18/xl then the bathrooms are no good. Shower width was 37cm from toilet bowl to wall. But was a powerful shower  First room given the toilet was broke, water just kept running into bowl, phoned reception, within 5 mins somebody came, ""fixed it"" but moved us to another room (next door). Second room, window always open by 2 inches at the top,…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or115-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"Clean room, clean towels every day, very small bathroom, average breakfast with good coffee. Easy to find the hotel and easy to get taxi right outside the door. Not quite enough room for a family, and the remote was missing on the TV..       ",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or120-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel!,"This hotel is really terrible!  Everytime we took a shower, the fire alarm went of, cause the ventilation in the little bathroom didn't work. (room 218, 3th floor) The receptionist said he would talk to the manager to assign us another room, but we never heard anything from him. The fire alarm was no problem according to them, cause the handyman would fix it. The day we left, the ventilation was still not fixed. They didn't even look at it at all. The ventilation was full of dust, and the toiletbrush was in a bucket of water? Hygiëne standards, anyone? Luckily for the other guests we didn't take our shower very early in the morning. The window didn't even close properly. In the breakfast room, the paper was torn from the walls. Not cosy at all! The quality of the breakfast…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or120-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than expected,"Had read the reviews about theft and all sorts of things before booking, but the hotel was actually superb for the amount of money paid and the standard that you can expect! We were assigned a twin room on the first floor at Berkeley Hotel, since the receptionist had noted we had a heavy looking bag. The room was facing the street, had a small balcony (which we couldn't access) and was very bright. The bathroom was tiny and the shower had caused some water damage to the door. The room was cleaned properly each day and new soap and towels were given. The breakfast was served in the same building and it was superb! Not that (in my opinion) greasy typical English breakfast with sausage and pork etc. but cereals, juice, youghurt and the possibility to toast the bread yourself. And…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or120-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,Hotel Seymour was great value for money. We were close enough to walk to Hyde Park (Marlborough Gate was the closest entry point to the Park) without having to pay the prices of a more upscale locality of London.  We were also within  walking distance from Paddington Station which meant that we did not have to take any local transport to get to our hotel while coming from Heathrow Airport.  Bathrooms could certainly have been a bit larger and will not certainly not accommodate an above normal size person.  Breakfast was buffet-cycle with a decent choice.,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or120-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE! NO RUNNING WATER!,"I stayed at the White Hotel Hotel in August 2013, was my partner for 5 nights. As the Seymour Hotel, the one in which I booked to stay actually just moves it's guests to other establishments I will place my review here.  We were placed in a twin room, we were informed by reception we would be moved to double as soon as possible however they ha  The room is tiny; as expected in London, however the bathroom was basically unusable, the shower would have been lucky to be 30 cm wide, our shower head was broken so water went everywhere. The bathroom actually literally used to be the closet for the room. This is the size. During our stay we had no running water for a day, when we told reception they said it would come back they were sure, some work was being done. They did not appear…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or120-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Did its job!,"Booked into the Alexandra but moved to here, seems to be quite normal. It was a double room in paddington for £80... was clean, had a double bed and a tv, a good shower, there really was pretty much nothing whatsoever to complain about! did exactly what was required!  You get what you get for £80 a night for a double room in London!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or125-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs! it's a deathtrap!,"I stayed in this hotel - or was it the Berkeley Court -or Alexandra?  It doesn't matter if you book a double in the Seymour as you will probably be moved to a twin further down the street. After  a 24 hr flight from Australia was given a fifth floor attic room in the Berkeley with no lift. My 63 yr old arthritic husband who has angina had to lug, manhandle, drag  20 kg suitcases up 5 flights of stairs to a room no bigger than a matchbox.   The window was deliberately made to open only a few inches so there was no escape if there was a fire.  Indeed, there was no fire escape but a skylight had been opened to ventilate the place.  It had a small vertical ladder to the roof so at least there was a way out for we lucky souls on the top floor. Where is elf n safety when you need it?…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or125-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Bad.....,"We booked a double room but they gave us 2 single beds in one room. That wasnt a big problem but it was not what we booked. Then they put us in a different hotel some building further down the road, the berkeley court hotel! So even that we booked the Seymour, we got a totaly different hotel that is not corresponding with all the reviews from the seymour hotel because it is even worse! No running water the first 2 days, after that some....but not enough to shower. Breakfast was in the Seymour but we did not even bother. The shower was way to small. You could sit on the toilet and shower at the same time. The most horrible happend on the last morning, i opened the window and there where living bugs in the room!  So dont get fooled!",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or125-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","great location , clean rooms but small","location was excellent , friendly staff , clean rooms ,breakfast ok ,  the only disadvantage was the mattresses as they were uncomfortable and the stairs were too many & narrow..  i wish it had wifi , and a second towel  the coffee maker was a plus and the rooms were very well heated ,           ",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or125-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,We have stayed here on two separate occasions. Both times we had a great stay. Rooms as spacious and staff are friendly. Great location for accessing everything in London. Bathroom was a bit small but didn't bother us. We got a great last minute deal and would happily stay again.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or125-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel,"Chose this hotel knowing it was a very basic hotel and affordable in London. Great location. Only a few minutes walk to Paddington Station. Bad location - right on corner of street where buses turn and ambulances turn to go to St Mary's hospital up the road. Limited selection of better dining in the area. Bathroom was very small - only a half sink, a very small shower and toilet. When sitting on the commode, my husband's knees were banging against the door. No place to put clothes or towel when showering where they did not get wet. No place to put toiletries in bathroom. Continental breakfast was reasonable. Choice of cereals, tea, coffee, juice, bread, yogurt, and some meat and cheese. Beds were ok but nothing special. Was showing signs of age and a need to refinish some things.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or130-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Prison is better,Arrived in the morning to be told we can book in after lunch and asked what time we would be back when we arrived back in the evening we were told it was two doors along around the corner. We could not have a shower it was too small (like a areoplane toilet). You could have a shower go to the toilet and brush your teeth at the same time it was so small! the double bed only had a single sheet on the matress. There was cobwebs everywhere The net curtains looked like they filtered half of london traffic and they had holes in them for the bed bugs to escape. We have never slept in such a dirty hotel. We have slept in quite a few in sussex garden hotels which have been clean this one the seymour should be taken off the books. When i spoke to the man in march he showed me a room and…,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or130-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbugs.,"Initially the room looked clean, it was in a building 2 up from the actual Seymour Hotel and reception.  For our family room we had double bed and a single and although basic, it was what I paid for.  The horror started when my young children had gone to sleep and I turned on my torch for reading and saw bugs crawling over the sheets and pillows. I squashed some in my utter panic, then started collecting in tissues, phoned reception and complained.  At midnight I had to wake my children and move not only rooms but buildings.  I didn't sleep for the rest of that night, unsuprisingly. The 2nd night I stayed awake and after the children were asleep turned on the torch and low and behold, more bugs.  I took live ones to reception and demanded a different room, they let thelive bugs…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or130-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and Cheap,After reading the reviews we were apprehensive but decided to go ahead with it after all and make our own minds up. On arrival we were told we were in the building next door and were directed to our room. It was a twin bed room and we had requested a double. I rang reception and they changed the room for us very quickly but in the building 3 doors down. It seems this hotel has actually got at least 4 buildings all joining. The room was basic but clean. The bathroom was tiny but adequate. If you just need a base to get a shower and a bed for the night then this is ideal and within walking distance of Edgeware Rd and Paddington tube stations. Lots of local pubs around as well. if you need a hotel where you want to spend all day in the height of luxury and not get out and about…,Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or130-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",A disgusting place to stay!!,"I didn't actually book at this hotel, I had pre-booked into the Royal Cambridge Hotel (few doors up the road) but on arrival they advised they had overbooked so had arranged for me to stay at the Seymour Hotel.  The room cost £130 for one night and was not worth a single penny.  The room was dirty, with cobwebs on the ceiling and dead flies in the uplighter.  The bathroom stank and the base of the bathroom door was rotten - the smell from this emanated into the bedroom.  The extractor fan did not work and was clogged up with what looked like years of filth.  The light over the 'dressing table' was disgustingly filthy and the double bed was made up with a not very clean single sheet.    Due to the condition of the room, I decided not to use the in-room tea and coffee facilities. …",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or130-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",My Room Was Also Broken Into and Robbed,"On first view it seemed decent, not the fanciest place around but decently clean.  I mean you get what you pay for right? I've been in my fair share of hostels, motels and hotels throughout the world but this was hands down the worst experience I've ever had at a hotel.  On our first day there, we went out for about an hour and came back to find our room had been broken into and a lot of our things (electronics, money, cell phones, laptops, etc.) were stolen.  The hotel offered no apology or refund and were extremely unhelpful with the police.  When the police wanted to check the security cameras none of the staff knew how to work the recorder.  When they finally got a specialist in they found that the camera hadn't even been recording.  As the day went on, more people reported…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or135-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",I WAS ROBBED TOO!!!,I can't really complain about our stay....even though very small rooms and especially the bathroom.  but I WAS ROBBED TOO!!!!. ....even my UNDERPANTS they took and my kids clothes!!!  How SICK!!!!!  I tried to call back for a whole month but I only got excuses and excuses and excuses.  DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER THIS HOTEL!!!!!  SHAME ON THEM!!!!,Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or135-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",A reasonable place to stay,"The room was quite small, but fine if you only need somewhere to fall asleep. The location is good though, only a short walk from Paddington Station. Transport links therefore speak for themselves. Although Paddington was less well connected this time due to part closures on the Circle/District/Hammersmith & City lines. (There are also the buses). I found some of the other reviews here difficult to understand having stayed there. The staff were not unhelpful or unfriendly. It's not the best hotel in the world, but it was fine really. I didn't think it was great value for money. They advertise a range of prices for a room, and vary it depending on demand according to infotel. They wouldn't give us the cheapest rate. Perhaps they would have if it had been booked earlier, I don't…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or135-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel room got ROBBED!!! Hotel staffs were rude and unhelpful!!!,"I can deal with the tiny room and smelly towels, but I can't believe our room got robbed the first day we checked in. When the policy requested to see the civilian camera, no one knows how to operate it!!!  Hotel staffs were rude and unhelpful. They refused to refund our hotel money that was paid in full when we checked in. They refuse to lend the phone and computer to us to get in contact with our family and friends back home.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or135-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe all the reviews !!!,"I booked this hotel as it's within walking distance of Hyde Park, where my friend and I had booked tickets to see the Kings Of Leon. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that we had been booked in to the sister hotel Alexandria Hotel which is approxmatley 200 yards down the road. I was able to park my car at the Seymour for £ 10.00 [24 hrs].  The Alexandria Hotel was fantastic, great reception staff, very clean room and bed and a lovley view from the window.  The bathroom was small, but it did us just fine.  Free tea & coffee and if you required anything extra, there was a small corner shop about 4 mins away from the hotel. The breakfast was toast, ham & cheese.  Cerals & yogart.  plenty of tea and coffee. But for what we paid for the room [£43:00 each]  we were well…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or135-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",At £60 - passable; but not at £120,"Shabby, not chic. When I checked in I had to walk (in the rain) half a block to an alternative site where I was staying. Room was OK size - shower-room felt like it had been transplanted from a caravan. Generally grubby but not filthy dirty. My window (basement room) wouldn't lock, so left my TV on loud when I went out for the evening so my room sounded occupied. I passed on the breakfast - the cheese and meat looked older than the carpet.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or140-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Clean and tidy, did exactly the job","I very nearly cancelled this booking a re-arranged after reading reviews via trip advisor, am I glad I didn't.  For £30.00 for both of us, absolutely perfect.  Greeted very politely at reception and directed to our room.  The room was sufficient size, with a double and a single bed, tv, coffee/tea making facilites and a hair-dryer.  All good.  The only thing we noticed a bit odd, was the window was un-locked, so we locked this just to be on the safe side as we were on the ground floor.  The room was clean/tidy and the bed linen was fresh, it had that smell.  Bathroom small to be the least, but a 1 night stay what do you need, it was clean, had running water and the toilet had just been bleached.  Breakfast in the morning, I'm not a big eater, so toast, cereal, plastic ham/cheese…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or140-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",So bad..it was comical!!,"Great for nothing...About the worst hotel in the area. Can't believe its got 2 stars, should be graded in minus! £180 for one twin room.. Full continental, which consisted of processed cheese slices, with processed ham and chicken slices on a plate with cling film, along with very low budget 'Sappy Hopper' yogurts, and stale white bread no choice of brown, orange juice that tasted discusting. The window nets were grey and not washed, wall paper flaking off the walls. The door on the tiny bathroom was rotting. Dusty everywhere. No name badge on the receptionist, would not allow us to see the room, before we paid, to make sure it was up to any standard..A dive, dive, dive!!!! Don't waste your money!!!!!!!",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or140-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbugs by the bucket load!,"Got bitten alive! Hotel staff very rude about it and denied it. Overall experience terrible, wouldn't send my worst enemy there! I only wish I had read the reviews first!",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or140-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",I'd have rather slept at paddington.,Bed bugs and shocking attitude of the staff member who tried to rip us off with the bill. Avoid at all costs.,None,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or140-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute hell hole!!!  Full of thieves,"I urge anyone who is considering this excuse for a hotel to think again.  Staff incredibly unhelpful and unprofessional, rooms a total joke, dirty, smelly, festering net curtains and a box for a bathroom.  As per a previous comment we too were broken into, staff very unhelpful and was dealt with by an excuse of a 'so called' reservations manager.  Breakfast includes 'happy shopper' ham and chicken roll and squeeky cheese served in what can only be described as a 'transport cafe'!!!  DO NOT TOUCH THIS HOTEL WITH A BARGE POLE - IT IS A DISGRACE",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or145-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"Our room was broken into and everything stolen- the hotel were totally blasé about it, ""these things happen"" and wouldn't even change our room.   In four words- do not stay here.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or145-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",YUK,"Right i understand you get what you pay for but the place was a joke, we booked the seymour hotel but got taken to some strange little building around the corner and the creepy little man on reception wasnt much help either!!",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or145-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",A nice hotel for a good price,"We stayed at Seymour Hotel for 4 nights. I found the hotel to be a bit old and cramped, but it's clean, tidy and the staff were nice, polite and helpful.  It's right next to Paddington station where the Heathrow trains come in. It is a short walk from Oxford street. The location was therefore perfect for us. It in a quite quiet street, some traffic but really not bad considering it is in the center of London.   Our room was small, but clean. The bed were comfortable. No rooms had a double bed, so we were offered a room with twin beds which really didn't matter. The bathroom is really tiny, but it works ok if you're only there for a few nights, maybe weeks. The room, because of the size, isn't something to go for if you spend a lot of time in your hotel room. But if you're…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or145-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",no way!!!!,"A horrible place to stay .  we asked for double bed and paid the price for it but we were placed in twin room in different building, which horribly stinks.  apart from location this place is zero filthy room unfriendly staff noisey area",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or145-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",New Years Eve at Seymour!,"The Hotel itself was okay, it is near the Underground Station Paddington from which you can take the Bakerloo or Circle/District Line to the hotspots of London. The Rooms are very small and the furniture is also very old. There is an ensuite bathroom in every room, but this is not a real bathroom it is only a plastic container which was built in the room. It contains a WC, a wash basin and a shower, but if you take a shower the whole container is wet.  Take care if you book a double room, we did but there are generally no double rooms at seymour (only twin rooms). They offered us to change to the White House Hotel (which is located beside the Seymour) but we decided to stay at Seymour and put our beds one on one which was no problem. The room was tidy but as I already mentioned…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or150-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",really ok,"We booked a room at the Seymour, but were diverted into another hotel in a house very close by, so the only thing I can say is that the location is neat.   We arrived at Paddington tube station quite late at night. With the help of our maps we found the hotel very easily. It took about 5 minutes of walking to get there and there were a lot of super markets along the way. As soon as we got to the hotel, the receptionist told us that our room was in another  hotel. At first we got really confused, but he told us that it was just around the corner (and it really was). So we actually stayed at 'The white house' hotel, which was very ok!",Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or150-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",didn´t like Seymour at all,"I stayed at Seymor for three nights in november 2007.   First of all: it was clean and the staff was friendly.   But: the bathroom is TINY, I could almost not turn around inside.  The room was very cold and there were no extra blankets.   The beds vere very uncomfortable (hard even for a hotel-bed)   Breakfast was okey, standard for a little hotel in london. Self-service with tea and coffee, bread, marmelade, cheese, yoghurt, cereals.   There were no safety deposit in our room AND we had to leave the key at the reception everytime we left the hotel. And when we came back, it was a new receptionist, and he just hand over the key without having a clue of who we were. It didn´t feel so safe.",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or150-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Had a real problem,"The reception told us that due to a water leakage, we were to be relocated to Alexandra Hotel nearby. It was 8 in the evening and with my young son, it was a problem. Moeover Alexandra turned out to be very bad. Seymour washed off their hands once we went to Alexandra.",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or150-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London","Not bad , very good location","We were there 2 weeks ago and I was afraid of this hotel, due to the low budget... However the hotel is fine, the rooms are really small, a little bit noisy, and the bathroom is tiny. But it was clean! And an excelent location... The bus stops 100 meters ahead and some of them go directly to Picaddilly... The Paddington Station e just around the corner too... You don't pay much, you get a clean and small room, but it is perfect for sleeping! If you consider that you don't spend much time at the hotel, this one is good! ",Date of stay: January 2007,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or150-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Nice budjet hotel,"We stayed in Seymour Hotel for four nights. The location was good, just few blocks away from Paddington Station. Our room was situated in other building called ""white house"", around the corner from the reception.  The staff was nice and helpful. White House building was a bit old and the corridor was quite tiny. You had to fight with the doors to fit to your room, the space was so tiny. Room was tiny but nice.   The hotel wasn't anything special but compared to the price, it is a great choise! Neither wasn't anything specially wrong on the place. ",Date of stay: November 2006,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or155-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Clean & Affordable..,this hotel eventhough it's quite small but it's PERFECT for me and my husband for we dont really spent time in the hotel all the time...as long as the hotel is clean and affordable..it's fine with us. i know the review says a lot but love this hotel very much will sure recommend it to my friends in malaysia...  -neer & faizal- ,Date of stay: January 2007,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or155-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",it was close to most things ...,very smal toilet/bathroom.. but better than not having one .. Very average customer service at desk .. Ok for price ... very  close to Paddington Stn and all facilities ... Very good location .... It was clean and safe ....Very close to Hyde Park too .. You get what yo pay for ... Good for budget travellers ... Will stay there again .. ,Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or155-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Tinny but cheap,"Everything was tinny, even the shower (if you can use this word to describe it). It was very hot inside the room, but not so bad as many people say. One bed was ok but the matress in the other was quite unconfortable. Towels are changed every 3 days, it's ok. ",Date of stay: October 2005,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or155-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible would be a compliment,"I've been to over 35 countries all over the world, and had never seen such chaos. When I arrived for my 3-night stay at the Seymour the guy in the reception told me I had to stay at a different hotel the first night and then return to this hotel for the remaining 2 nights.He didn't apologize for the incovenience and  ignored our complaints. He was rude, incongruent, had little knowledge of what he was doing, and worse of all, he was in charge. We were told to go across the street to a different hotel, from where we were directed to a lousy house where we spent the first night. Then back to the Seymour. The receptionist was there again, and every question we asked, he answered with a ARE YOU JOKING? Our room, (finally not in the Seymour but at a nearby house) was below ground…",Date of stay: December 2005,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or155-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and basic,"We got a cheap deal on the internet and confirmed our room (twin share) a month or so prior to staying. However on arrival we were told that the fare was incorrect. Luckily I had a printout of the published deal aas well as my emails. The manager wasn't there at that time (it was night) so the recptionist said he'd accept the lower price but that we'd need to meet with the manager at 9am the next day. My friend and I were planing on getting an early start that day but we dcecided to wait to get the fare sorted out. By 10am there was still no sign of the manager so we went about our day. When we got back that night the receptionist said everything was ok and we were allowed to pay the lower price. So while everything turned out ok it was a bit of a hassle, not to mention…",Date of stay: January 2005,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or160-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"What a terrible place for such a hefty price!! That was just the worst hotel ever. Staff was friendly though, but it was a) dirty b) the smallest bathroom ever (guess they were stolen out of old planes) c) the worst breakfast ever (to even call that breakfast is a joke)  NOT RECOMMENDED ",Date of stay: April 2005,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d279734-Reviews-or160-Seymour_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Seymour Hotel Reviews, London",Well done SEYMOUR!,"I spent 3 night in Seymour Hotel, in January 2005. My travel agency suggested my this hotel even if there were no precise information about in neither from the agency nor from internet (the hotel has not a web site).                The location is very good (5 minutes walk from PADDINGTON tube station, with 4 different lines), prices too: we paid 33 euro per person per night. Breakfast was a little poor (mlk, coffee, cereals, orange juice, toasted bread and jam), but of good quality.                The only bad side was the bath, very very small....               Finally, I highly recommend this hotel: quality is saved although cheapness. ",None,4.0
